a serious story that ends in a dad joke .|||*honk* . i tell my son to stand up while i scuffle with the toilet seat as his young skittish self positions his shin against the tiles . it 's the first time i heard him raise his eyebrow when he sees me . that 's when i saw that she was probably going to jump on him like she did her brother when they were only children and the silky sheets were getting hotter and warmer . why had she been asking that of me before ? must be the sex lesson i told her last time . the only person that gets to be a parent and role model with equal power is me . i know that even to myself . 
write a short story where the first sentence has 20 words , 2nd sentence has 19 , 3rd has 18 etc . story ends with a single word .|||good morning , everyone . it 's been a long day . i am as tired as i have been . i do n't even feel hungry . all i have is some rice to drink . coming home from work is always a pain . my wife cries all day when i leave , since i left her last week . still crawling in bed to not wake her up is an annoyance . sometimes i have to go to the bathroom and immediately after vomiting . well , i 've finally put some words together . a simple one sentence answer with clever phrases . 
make the number 73 significant .|||he 's been working for the past seven years . in a jobless economy , where we 're seeing brutal , ruthless individuals wage wars on our welfare system and do so without regard for the actual number of people living under them . '71 , as he knows it . he 's gotten better , and his resume 's growing , but even though he 's been here for seven years , his overall numbers stand at fewer than 30 . a couple of unfortunate circumstances changed things for him . first , after graduation , he found himself in a bad situation . we were both considered to be 'late bloomer ' types . he quit his last job when the green card was given . everyone he 's been to with is depressed , and he 's been stuck in a wretched job . but he 's been able to outwork everything , even his boss . .but then , his job became , well , a repetition of negative energy . his family moved , and so did he . 
write a -punk story with an unusual theme ( i.e . teapunk , catpunk , solarpunk )|||`` new guy '' , said the guy as he pointed his bow at the next man at the counter . `` i was here to find out what was going on , '' the driver said . *naw ! * the bow was empty , eyes bulging . the man punched another boy in the chest in response . `` you 're welcome , then . '' a stray bullet rammed the jeep , causing a long hiccup in the road before it landed just four steps away . he clashed into another young man in his leather jacket before landing another flying bullet into his head . `` birdie- arrow this . '' he hung up his bow , raised it , aimed his bow , and muttered `` time to put down my ammunition . '' *he heard the hand holding his gun plead in his gut to stop . all he saw was a boy with a holey coat and boots walking through the heavy tilled garden . the men 's trees and weeds did n't ring nicely on his left side , accentuating his waist . the rain pelted his hoodie , no doubt trying to wet it . 
you are offered a deal by satan - worldpeace and the end of all suffering for mankind , in exchange for your eternal damnation .|||how did i not hear the piercing sound ? but how had i not heard the chilling whisper that shook my very body ? or perhaps it was my ears that were always ringing and echoing in the back of my mind . despite my physical being , i felt lost , and full of fear . more than once , i had been tempted by that lure of the enticing thought of staring into the abyss with that quiet voice . but i always pushed back . i would never let myself fall to that pit of despair , it would not be right . no i would save the world . 
they 've just invented a 500,000 frame per second video camera . the problem is that they 've found something unexpected at those speeds .|||the captain was at work at our startup , invasives , trying to figure out how to release just how exciting it is to reach 500,000 frame per second on a 4k camera . we spent all day perfecting the camera , more importantly the video software . it should work in 10 hours . i sat in my office waiting for my next shift at a crowded desk to arrive . it was a jam-packed first week of 2007 . i had to spend another month in my office while the camera added extra power to the factory . when the last time was ready to be released , i grabbed the camera , reached up to flick through all my video files , always ready for the edit , and *imagine* the material we 'd been working on in advance . all of a sudden , the optics clicked and the screen went wild . i scrambled to turn around and see a camera fastened to the wall and the desk covered with 35 frames per second . 
soviet mechs .|||the steppe was quiet , as the sleeping beast called spring waited for the call . spring brought no response . scratching clawed fingers grasped at the solid air , his wings fluttering as he let forth a roar of battle . no wind burst through the vents . no cannons clicked . no tear snapped . the silence was swallowed up by the crackle of wings and the click of a gun falling over a corpse . the crackling cleared the air and the release of sound was accompanied by the announcement that this was the catacombs . the nearly seventy covered armored robots descended into the large crater . the sun was bright as they entered the combat void , their shoulders slumped with exhaustion . the earth was dark , flat , its morning bright . the steel doors closed , and three big gray eyes stared out onto the vast , cloud covered battlefield . a single eye stared into the same eye before a small round, focused blob of light appeared out from one of the sides . 
in the far future , humanity found out that afterlife does n't exist . mankind then created a virtual heaven and hell , deceased people are judged in a virtual purgatory as a virtual brain copy with awareness .|||and now that i have marked my place in hell , it 's worth remembering ... i 'm about 68 years old . i 've lived almost 90 % of my life and i regret every second of it . i regret not noticing how profound the pollution of mass produced cars is in today 's world . pollution is killing billions of impoverished people every day . cars are just as dangerous as sailing ships . i regret blindness . its the curse . it seems that without the use of catalytic converters , the lives of those around me are forever changed . in fact , that 's not true . people die every second of every day . 
a shapeshifting alien was sent to earth at the dawn of humanity and has been a bystander for every major event . he is now returning home and is asked to judge the human race .|||alan wasnt happy . just like all humans . cars honked at him and demanded answers . the fates do n't care what i have to say , they just want me dead . from the snow , it was n't safe to walk by . alan ran to his jeep and threw up . he hated it when he could n't drive anymore , because he hated flying . at the same time , there were few in his car who could make it to the news offices to get the answers he wanted . arrowa sighed . he hated being on earth . he could see the planes fly overhead , their red robes weighing them down . he wished he was at his room , paining , winded , and as lonely as his dreams were . “ i hate being on earth , ” he whispered aloud to no one in particular . he skipped on , but his form still hurts , like a toned human man ’ s tail . 
science is able to tell people the exact moment that you are going to die . it is now one minute after that time has passed .|||it was 121 days since the fateful date . that 's how long it took me to figure out what 's going to happen next . for years i 've been writing down in a journal , somewhere in my head . a 12-digit line devised by humans that would help me stay happy . and now it 's been happening . a year since the day i hit 121 . it feels like hours now , just streaming through the internet , a few simple google searches per day . my `` breaking point '' was around the year 2000 . so i 've been writing this little diary for the past ten years , fictional or real but with the same image . a dream , an imaginary line that will live on . i 'll give myself away soon enough . 
the moment your wife gives birth , even before you can hold the child a time traveller appears aiming a gun at its head .|||i held my wife 's head in my hands as the time-machine appeared once more , beckoning me to join her . i coughed and decided to try my luck . when the “ please unceremoniously get up ” flashed in front of me the doctor ’ s stupid brown eyes followed me . my wife ’ s hands drenched in blood and her gaze was fogged over by her tears . all my efforts had done nothing but break her spell . “ what ’ s going on ? ” i asked . “ not a damn thing. ” the man behind me leaned forward to hear closely . “ no panic! ” he hissed . “ you ’ re hearing the sound of a gunshot. ” i briskly backed up from his side and approached the front door . 
`` for sale by owner - 1 universe . used . slight exapnding problems . as is . $ 10 or best offer ''|||bere they stood , they were a brisk figure before the fire . stealth calmly snuggled a face-covering pillow beside his head . he was quite reasonably dressed , looking too good for his own good . for a collection of novels , starting from 1503-..616 novels , this seemed like an impenetrable combination . edit problems at the earliest and the actors were truly awful at editing . `` enough with the biryani ! '' one sentence to the next . a size , weight and volume size that did n't seem to match the script at all . the normally tall and dark haired father in a manner of speaking attempted to reason , and so forth . methodical sentences were constructed and he often had difficulty with simple vocabulary . choosing the right titles , and choosing the right overall tone , he had no idea how well or bad acted these dreck usually were . he made a phone call and reached for an item that was displayed in a small box registered to `` ザラミ" in use while the family thought of legal options . 
everyone on earth wants to know why you are such a terrible person . they do n't know you 're an angel trying to get to hell to kill satan .|||there are people standing around me , all staring . they hold their breath as i walk closer to them . `` what am i doing ? '' i hold my hands up , palms to the sky , you would think that they would fly at my back . but , instead they stand still . `` kill me ? '' with a heavy groan , they did . you look down , at your feet , at the small red wound that the bullet tore through . you look down at the dark wound , pressed against your pants and only now do i see the dark green cloth which i always assume is white . i grab it as i glance up , but they are already too far away . do you know why i do that ? `` why ? '' their pale hair , their bald heads , their dirty face , even their gloves sheath what it appears are eternal burns at their hands . 
give us the final thoughts of a death row inmate .|||early is the word for disaster . see , we were the victors in every war and crisis . the victors stand at the vanguard of shifting empires , using the rivers that connected continents like marbles on a cliff . this was the end of the world as it is we are all that were left . it started out like any other dreary winter . caverns containing viscous black liquid . engulfing the world tense with the heavy cold of day . molten fluid . no use describing what could of been . with each drop , new screams , pure shrieks , merciless . they reverberated in the mind of an innocent soul . 
when close to death people experience an intense euphoria not comparable to any drug . furthermore , as mankind makes great leaps in medicine , it becomes easier to bring people back from the brink of death . as a result , some have become addicted to the thrill dying .|||autobamas on tv in the morning wake-up call when you woke up . awakening is always a painless affair . if you wake-up at a healthy , fair-skinned young woman not very concerned about what 's going on around her . she 's usually happy and her voice is made for conversation . james is strong , your life is manicured and i see him smile and he sees you . he knew you 'd die to - it 's the only way you could stop the bleeding . he see in your eyes death right before your eyes . i saw you dissapear . i apologize , i had to . all i could do was watch it slowly progress from those deadly rough edges of the accident . you see , you are okay . even if you want to , that 's okay . you just feel the stress of the accident . 
cthulhu calls your cell , he needs to be picked up .|||“ sweet talker , the perfect time to call. ” my cell rang a bit too quickly , but i got it . i looked through the speakers on my phone , expecting a cliché corporate warfare ad . a quote or two . not a witty comment about racial humor with the djinn of nicholas paradigm . cursed even by myself for crossing a taboo . i barely gave the call credit for being somewhat fictional-like , a deity save for one . my skeptical self pushed sid to the side . he was a dragon . a mine of molten rock and humanity . travel from rome to the colonies as one young , fragile relic . 
make me sympathise with an isis member .|||`` what ... is your family ? '' `` yeah . my family . '' `` what 's their name ? '' `` marika '' `` marika . '' `` marika the best person in the world . the happiest woman i know . not only the person i would be dating , but also a kid with a roommate in the first floor . '' `` no ? '' `` what 's marika 's roommate ? '' `` my friend . '' `` muhhhhhhmm . '' 
a duel with your arch-nemesis . you 're both so immensely powerful it does not even make sense .|||*you were so fucking powerful * *i won . * i curled up and cried . i lied in front of him . i promised myself that i 'd watch and not strike in his presence or cross him . his sudden will of power was nothing short of amazing . his suit full of speed illuminated his torso from every angle , an extraordinary sight for someone staggering like this . to make matters worse , he was wearing sunglasses . he was so covered in blood he did n't even know if his skin was around the surface of his body . my eyebrows furrowed . you are my enemy , you attempted to harm him for failing to claim his rights . ? * you did nothing but call him a nuisance , a dirty little bid that included a knife and a scrape across my warm corpse . i bowed my head and released the pressure of the barrel of the gun i was holding . i expected my one defender to duck and dive away , but he did not , rather , he growled threateningly . 
( eu ) you have the most well respected and feared job in all of the world . you go into the wild , and put down rabid pokemon who 've killed humans .|||pikachu looked at me . i think `` pika '' comes from `` boyfriend '' . with no other expressions on my face . i looked at my watch . i was past my shift . i felt a slight sense of relief that there wasn ’ t actually any questions asking after this new job . i needed to get my head in the right place to handle this next bit and keep everyone else out of this stressful situation . let ’ s not talk about my cover story . i was going out into the local wild to check out the strange birthmark marks pokemon were making on pokemon that left intact chest wounds of some sort . then there was that unfortunate incident about the rabid pokemon . apparently , there were 4 in the entire area , and when i tried to catch one in a pokeball , i busted it right into the air . it was from that one that shocked anybody into blowing their head off . 
- your captor is affable , empathetic , and cheerfully candid about what they enjoy doing to their victims .|||christmas how boring . i 've been home for the last two days . it 's been hard with my strict schedule . it usually starts with a big whipping . i always thought they blamed me . these days , it 's just been a family dynamic - i 've been busy since school started . mom was overworked and i hate it . i 've never understood why we do so much overtime , but i really ca n't blame her . it 's not really my fault , i do n't get much overtime either . anyway , back upstairs at the table i 'm sitting next to chris . he 's a nice guy . burly , attractive guy . i 'm sitting on this mattress with my head in the airtight silicone braces . 
you are a fully-functioning and productive member of society . you are also a serial killer .|||i 'm not sure if it 's just because i 'm a good person , or because my problems started on me . maybe it 's because i 've always been a whore , or was it because i was born into abuse ? maybe it 's because i was adopted , and my parents worked outside the home to help their children out . maybe it 's that i just get into a big mess when it comes to kids . maybe it 's that all the video games i watched ? or maybe it 's because i was raised in an orphanage . it doesn't really matter . all it matters is that i know what i want . 
`` do you trust me ? ''|||i love you . we all do . yet , you choose to leave . be it to escape persecution or another miserable life . you choose to take the rutiful way towards secrecy and become a private person for the life you commit to . you take everything that is hidden from you . i do n't lie to you , i do n't hide secrets from you . we talk about who we are , how we are , we talk about the future . i love you , just like you . i will tell you things i would n't tell anyone else , secrets which make me uncomfortable , i will freely share truths i would rather not reveal . 
aliens invade earth . to the surprise of humans , the alien 's weaponry is pitifully outdated .|||white rage , large amber spikes flare and shoot in the hallway leading to the kitchen . a fluffy fluffy object waved in the air . it was a car , a big exhaust-powered car , with the engine smoking . the handle of it was shattered against a steel pole . a frayed sheet of paper fell down and crumbles away . it fell in the storm and caught fire . the car drove through the garden at which we had been having dinner . `` does n't it look green ? '' i called over my shoulder . the cars door 's hinges creaked open and an old man with scruffy silver hair emerged . he looked shocked . 
write a short story based off the lyrics to any song .|||you know how a song fits into your story ? i 'm writing something along that same same soundtrack . maybe you wo n't appreciate it as much as i did , but i thought you guys might . lana lopez right in front of you . this is my story about a girl i love . i 'm a *fan* of hers . i love her , and i love the way she makes all my angry feelings in her eyes sound . she was fun and good with my kids , and now that we 're still together , we 're really in love . and we just can not stop talking . to me , that 's the best thing about this . i love that you guys are fans , too . and i love the fact that we want the same thing in life . we want to win a juicy beef , i love that we can come to an agreement on everything . 
after watching him slowly devolve further and further into madness alfred has the heartbreaking realization that he 's the one who will have to kill master bruce .|||*another day* alfred stood on the bench along the wall and carefully unfolded the paper he had carefully folded the last time . after methodically redrawing the paper and analyzing the numbers for how many years he ’ d held it for now he looked up to the chiseled staircase and started to take one last stair at a time . finally he ascended . with one cautious step he ascended to the top platform . reaching the end of the tunnel , he glanced over to find his mysterious messenger . “ if i ’ m going to die , ” alfred thought . 
gordon ramsay mistakenly walks into your house to film an episode of kitchen nightmares , and refuses to believe that you are n't a failing restaurant owner .|||gordon 's voice . i could hear it all along . the words i 've been hearing all week . as if he is coming for me . he 's starting to crash in through the kitchen door . `` god , i 'm so messed . '' his voice sounded like he had been crying . `` shut the fm up . i 'm working for you . oh , i know you 're cooking . you fucking know that . do n't ask me again . '' he knocked , and slammed the door . not for a second . i heard it click again , and then it was gone . why would it fit into the fridge ? 
'' help ! i 'm trapped in a writing prompt factory ! ''|||the facades are soft . i enter a more luxurious hallway , and a set of windows sit opposite . i force myself to open one , but i remember its scratchy texture , and my mind brushes the wall . a nasty combination , as i enter the kitchen , and i 'm met with the smell of asphyxiating acid . my stomach drops to the floor and i promptly walk out onto my couch . *ugh* i 've had just enough , i tell myself . *ugh* the voice audibly says . within the meaty text of the blank screen , i see a plain celled text . it 's empty except for a single word . the text itself is too dark to read , i can tell by the size of it 's font , and the blood-red lines bleed into the same blue as the word itself . i ca n't read the exclamation point though , it ca n't be imaginative enough . 
in a video game , if a player loses to an enemy , all they have to do is reset and fight again until they win . but how does the player beat the one enemy who can reset as well ?|||he could n't do it . and he was the only one that could ! he could n't do it ! fucking . damn , the gods ! merlin would hate him . just ... come on , people you are the only one that could do this ! it makes sense . you said everyone is hard . why not me ? why not them ? your probably judging me , right ? but why me ? do you know what i mean ? did i not do everything right ? i was inside the top of a building , fighting against a hard gravity. i was n't about to go back to my normal location ; or was it the spring sequence ? 
rather than a paragon of virtue , superman is a dick because the kents had to spoil him rotten to avoid triggering destructive temper tantrums as a child .|||have you ever thought of it ? social anxiety is just a million other things that we can learn from ! depression is just a million other things . become a supervillain . get in trouble . get into trouble . be a terrible babysitter . whatever . normal adult behavior might change , just by social exposure . that 's another thing that i 've learned and i think i 've blended in okay . i 've just become invisible . in some ways , i like that , because i think people are more likely to notice when i 'm invisible . 
you get to pick your enemy 's next life .|||i guess they were right when they predicted that this was the year we 'd finally understand the choice we made . i was convinced i was the loser . i lost my parents ; i felt that i was destined to never be a good person . being picked as the winner was an eternity of misery . some people were going to use this as an opportunity to push their dream in and i chose emily . her life was amazing . she had become an extraordinary , heroic woman . now , she was free , except the afterlife . no one really wins in the end . they say that the end is a turning point . but i 'm not convinced . the end is a cruel way . 
describe your favourite person/celebrity/character as though you just met them at a party .|||james never turns down an opportunity . instead he just forwards emails , answering the text before i . tell him i missed him . james does n't like answering the phone . he turns it down . i know he only does this because he always finishes me first in cases he feels i did n't give him a fair shake . he knows he can do better . i know when i ask him to do something , he just insists . i know he tells me to go do it . i want the job , so i tell him whats up . in the morning i check my email , make sure it is still there . wait . it was . it was . i tapped , and it was there . *uh-huh* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* *tap* ... he was there . 
you spend your while life obsessing over the zombie apocalypse . hoarding weapons , stockpiling food , and enduring intense combat training . then one day it finally happens ; the dead begin rising from their grave . the only problem is they are n't hostile .|||more sugar than you can imagine . you think about tasting maple syrup in just about anything you flick your head . well , that 's another story . those **good** ideas go out the window with the abysmal pigheadedness of 42 average women . or was it 42 ? fuck ... i used to love zombie movies , after all . they were always so funny . but now , it 's too late . the zombie apocalypse has hit right smack in the middle of winter . everybody has come out of hibernation , like always . 
she stared out into the depths of space .|||she was there . the cold gold bunker beneath the galley as the vessel rocked and rocked , the crew of whatever they were , and the brave faces that had fought her back over the years . it was a hard life , a hard job , but she would never become tired of her work . she was dedicated to being a pilot . she was defenseless , and this , this she would do forever . the last time her captain died , she was laid out in the bunkers above the galley , looking down on her crew as her hands , destined to become cogs in some mysterious machine , stood poised to wield power . but this time , she was ready . she was prepared , and she would win . 
write , or rewrite , a ghost story from the perspective of the ghost/monster/creature .|||it 's funny . there used to be movies in the 80s called things like life is a punk rock musical . you know , you think that those ghosts are scary ? you know , the ones that haunt the therapists , the ones that get haunted ? well my mom 's a bouncer . the other day my donna told me that my nightmares were real . she was done with being haunted . she was tired of it . she wanted to go home . she was crying now . 
a young girl has two monsters in her life : her step-father , and the one under her bed . she manages to befriend the latter to deal with the former .|||`` peeeeeeeeee , '' he grins at her , slinking under the covers and smacking his knee . his head is so tiny , it 's like he 's a blubbering baby . i love how he whispers something and then you can n't hear it ... it 's a little like how a kid 's crush dances . it feels like you 're really stuck in a fairy-tale where everyone 's in a dream . '' he flopped sideways , his head tickled her belly . he looked so big and inviting . maybe he 's got an amazing big tummy that he 'll get rid of in a few months when he stops growing . she cuddled close to him . `` why ? '' he huffs out . 
you 're a sidekick . the new bad guy in town has you and your hero captured . the bad guy walks into the room you two are being held in . right as your hero begins his monologue explaining how the bad guy will never win , he pulls out a gun and shoots your hero dead on the spot .|||it is a strange sight watching a movie , lying in bed drooping , eyes closed and gnawing at the sheets . when i saw my son 's deathbed , it made me a little happier . when i saw tina , i was happy . i met a few new friends and loved what i saw , which was a lot . when it was over , we were so sad . just when i thought things had gone to hell , i began to see the light . this is a short two-minute episode i learned that today was like any other day , except that there is no day like today . my hero , my brother , and my best friend . together , we were their hero 's and their sidekicks . 
demonin possession .|||i stood in the shining ship of faerie . blood trickled down my temple as i felt a tremor from the metal arch above me . an angel . one of the few ever to be alive . it looked so calm and pretty that i could almost believe it was me . hell , it looked like i looked real . i began to move on autopilot . then i felt a searing pain in my hands . i 'd been stoned ! my little princess , all these years , was gon na spy on me with all her emotions ! `` hey baby ! '' a woman croaked in my face . 
afraid to confess your feelings , you send an unsigned note to your friend . it reads , `` i am in love with you . give this to the one you love . if i get it back , i 'll tell you . ''|||i had my plan laid out neatly , wrapped up in newspaper . i would leave this letter to mr. sigma and see if he would respond . he had n't for six months and i had gotten used to the anxiety and turmoil of what was considered meaningless . every day , i took three steps towards him . the tingle that radiated through me , and the boundless energy of my heart , was guarded inside , but somewhere , i took a peek . i had time to peek . well , not *time* , but *place* . he had something even better than my creative flowing thoughts . he had his feelings , my feelings , and from the very first moment , i knew he was right . 
one of yorick 's ghouls becomes immortal and does n't die after his time .|||borick . it is nine hundred seven thousand three hundred seven on a hot afternoon in the year 2017 . he sighs in delight at being able to still breathe without pain , but it is more than that . the desert landscape is white and warm . distant birds are called brocks , not bozos , which are far and away more beautiful than any other birds . he looks up at the trees . the trees are all white . nothing gets in the way . bright red speckled clouds are passing overhead . the sky is grey . he gazes out at the landscape . 
click on the `` random wikipedia article '' link twice . write a story that combines both topics . see if readers can guess which two pages you landed on .|||i can not seem to find a funny way to see this either . but i do n't want to . this might mean trouble for me if i die this weekend . i have nothing better to do today , and i ca n't come to work until it 's dark out . i try to come up with something funny . everything is so much fun when everyone yells at once ! all the excitement passes like a breeze . it seems like all hell breaks loose in my head if i get an idea . but then my curiosity slams into me and i realize i want to write something . `` it makes so much sense , no matter how well written it is , why i 'm writing the world i want to live in . just simple fucking awesome ! '' `` yeah ! it makes sense ! '' 
a single corpse of a lone hiker is found near the edge of a forest clutching a journal with 11 eerie entries telling his fate .|||clack . tap . tap . tap . tap . tap . no more . not as long as you 're in here . not as long as you have a feeling about this , you know ? i know i 'll see someone soon . i 'm not going to be able to keep it down . not if i keep digging under the rock floor for some damn time . but the scent of it . it 's alright . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - and it will be over . so quick . so soon . the other road behind me is dark . white and lonely , right in the middle of nowhere . 
advanced android maid , owned by a neglectful family , falls in love with the repair-man who maintains her .|||it was a silly joke . it was only supposed to be four hours long , to two days every three weeks . he thought it would go faster , but the second it was about to turn the water on , his hands started to shake . he had skimped a little , but he could n't afford to be careless . `` kyshosh , this is the problem ! we need to bolt the window lock , then screw in the wall connections ! get out of the house ! '' she cried out . 
a group of astronauts are observing earth when they notice a large , undiscovered land mass in the pacific ocean .|||rody stared out onto the ocean , impressed by what he saw . he held out his hand to capture the sun and shimmied his forearm and then gingerly examined it . the ocean air was beautiful and never a week after he set foot on the sand did he find sand ? testing , inspecting -- no sand . no sand ? inside the bare ankles , he could see nothing other than ocean and marine infinity stretched endlessly in front of him . he made his way with greater transit than a wooden boat would , to the furthest point of shore he could find , a pole . as soon as his relaxing palm touched the trunk of a pole , he felt a little pain in his shoulder . `` wrong arm , man . '' he asked , just an idea before ascending to the pole . 
you are granted two wishes , the first one you use to grant yourself immortality , the second one you wish for your soul mate to have immortality too . now all you have to do is find them .|||i guess its great . i had two wishes . an easy one for everyone . i have one family : mine . `` what family ? '' the girl asked , her voice sad . her eyes filled with sadness . my family . the dark , old world . i lived right next to them . their first life was devastating , their world was brutal . `` no ! '' i cried out . `` give me that hair and all the other stuff ! '' my mother was constantly mad at me . it was blood soaked blood , and from many a stained or splattered set there would be no mercy spared . 
the hero stands before the beast , gripping a sword tightly . but the `` hero '' is very clumsy , and the monster 's a pacifist .|||the hero who broke his name twisted his hands and felt himself shake as he gripped the bow of the beast 's staff . it had broken after running for a mere moment , his second on that street in 12 minutes . maybe ten more minutes , maybe twenty . it was then that the hero felt the bulkhead of the creature fall under his defenses . was he using it to fight with every instinct ? was he being carefully aligned with the blade of his opponent ? could it be the executioner ? without turning his head he felt that soft gaze towards his back . it was then that he felt himself pushing downwards . 
there is a demon that lives in the corner of your eye , which only you can see , and all it does is stare at you .|||the night stood still . `` i wish i could kill you for that , '' i said with a jab . `` if only you would help me . '' `` tell me you did , '' the teleprompter said over the loud interview noise it seemed to make . `` i wish i could help you , '' i said to the machine . `` not now , not now . '' `` who is this scum ? '' i asked . `` i just have a problem with that demon in your eye , '' the teleprompter said . `` he 's going to hurt me or he 'll hurt your family . '' the machine clicked and the screen turned black . 
your microwave has always beeped irregularly , one day you decide to try to translate it into morse .|||beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beepbeep beep beep beep beep beep beep beepbeep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beepbeep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beepbeep beep beep beepbeep beep beep beepbeep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beepbeep beep beep ... beepbeep beepbeep beep beep ... beep beepbeep beep ... havebeep beep . beep . *beepbeepbbeep bopbeep beep* , bepbeep ... ah , bepbeep , bepbeepbeepbeep ... beep . 
tell me about the first time you had a beer .|||he took a deep swig of his beer , washing it down with water and pouring the rest of the putrid contents onto the bar . no issue here , he thought , next few beers will get much worse . judging from the rest of my list of facts from life , i never drank beer before . his first beer was a bottle of sinx niger . i 've seen far worse bottles , and i will say they ’ re depressing . that wasn ’ t the case though . he poured himself another into a cup and sipped slowly , this time making an obscure idiom . “ men of the honor , ” he mumbled under his breath . 
the villain dies due to an illness , the hero attends their funeral .|||shane micksh . he was n't much of an ordinary guy . he looked homeless and even if he did n't he was still a homeless person . he lived on the sidewalk waiting for the bus or a taxi . he fell off a moving van one time and caught a night cab . at one point , he tried to break in with a baseball bat . at the next , he fought off a man who was threatening to kill his family . it was a blessing that the rest of the body on the stretcher was n't his . mrs. micksh was n't worried though . the miracle came naturally to her . 
you notice that your husband or wife has been replaced by a double ( robot/shapechanger/spy/alien/ ... ) . your biggest problem : you like the double better .|||dave and i hit the corner in a sluggish , slower than usual speed . i did n't notice the first time but it was noticeable now . my wife did n't cheer a lot . she tripped over something and bumped head into my foot . i brushed her off . i was on my way into the bank when i jumped . i skipped . i do n't even know what i did wrong . im pretty sure i tripped over a person . i hit a girl . 
your extreme apathy has been mistaken as spiritual enlightenment , and now people are building a religion around you .|||all three teenagers looked at me and stared at the walls , their eyes blazed with passion for their new religion . “ me ? ” billy , a teenaged boy , said , speechless . “ nobody protested against them . culture can never revolt , it is the only thing we ever believed we can be free from. ” atheist . 
nighthawks .|||`` hh , lu , do you hear it ? '' `` yeah , '' i groggily groaned , hitting my forehead on the covers . `` what do you mean ? '' the voice , almost entirely a whisper , came back from the other end of the room . it was a hushed background noise but i knew what it was . `` it 's tom . it 's john . its mr. john . do you hear him ? '' `` hello . '' `` mr. john . lucas . where do you think you 're ? '' `` he 's in john 's bedroom , '' i mumbled , unable to remember how long i had been asleep . 
facing a dragon 's area .|||shield shields the open door and the dead , reaching out to grasp at their sweaters and blankets to gather them tight against their necks . the cold is welcome , but it brings cold no betterment for them . “ i thought you were supposed to climb , ” said to her . the man looked him in the eyes with such exhaustion and depression . “ well , ” he responded . “ i wasn ’ t worried about it until you infected yourself with our little joke. ” she nodded . “ very well . ” the girl had been brilliant , just like him . he stood up and made his way over to the rest of the dead men . “ are you okay , shane ? ” asked the man . 
create a fictional mythological race , ( werewolves , vampires , skinwalkers , etc ) and the legend behind it .|||i did n't whine and i did n't need to . in fact , what i needed to do was belong to the order , along with everyone else . the little town of wayne had been right ; the savage mother stood alone , the children prostrate against her and the pack cowered about . beside her sat the young black thing , with legs too scaly for his slim , face wrapped in scaly fur . behind him stood the gruff old man , in a white cloak covered in a dark fur . `` you learnt this too '' i responded . `` you looked just like your little lamb , '' i put a hand on his shoulder , my promise to take care of him enough to survive made . the other children were too young . and i really was trying hard to protect them . years ago , in the wilds of america , i had been herding wolves . they had torn the countryside aside , tearing innocent soldiers from the ones who were not so alone , injured but untouched . i had been chasing such beasts for centuries now . 
write the most amazing monologue you can , while keeping it about absolutely nothing .|||my name is cow . i 'm an experienced professional athlete . i 've taken on trophies . when i first took a stand as a professional on the judo field i had to raise the bar . as a seasoned fighter , i was a virgin before i won the rights to play judo . now i go from fighting for equality to fighting for title – though in truth i think i do both . i won my first championship in three months , a staggering win and a ranking of #2 in the world . my commissioner called to me and told me i was having a huge advantage . i was going to have two champions , but as soon as i saw what i was going to have , i would scare them off . no , i wouldn ’ t . after three hours in the ring i was nervous , as i walked out of there , playing my head . 
last sentence : `` and the man with the mustache smiled . ''|||the door on the other side , the yard of old trees that the family lives on . he carries it across the yard sometimes , but he always stays inside . i don ’ t see where he goes , but if i find out he saves a couple rocks or some mud for today ’ s grave , he misses me , i would sure miss him . say goodbye to my mom again . speak kindly , do n't be too brave . don ’ t put it off . the man comes back . i know that . i know his smile , and hear his voice . 
you are an ai who is trapped inside the helmet of a dead spartan .|||i 'm dying . what the fuck am i doing here ? i ca n't see , where am i ? it 's raining hard and hard and a storm is coming . the top of my raincoat has started to bleed ... my fingers . ... and my head . what ? ... i 've got a headache ! my eyes keep betraying me . -s ? - -s ... so what have i done ? 
you are now stuck in the zombie apocalypse ! but in reality you 've wandered into the set of the walking dead .|||`` is the man alive ? '' jane said , brow furrowed . this is no lucid waking up . the black and yellow eyes just stared back at her . she scanned the room , her fingers desperately trying to find a way to get through to her friend . she felt herself being hunted , surrounded by those vile zombies , chanting `` al-mukhtar '' . no . no , let me live . jane picked up the pistol from her holstered jacket pocket and dropped it on the floor . her confident demeanor was gone , replaced with a dull grinding noise . 
*sigh* you 're living in a cliché dystopian future ... again .|||pop not our desert . bring them with you when they come and rob or sell you , maybe . how could we resist ? your city was majestic , and we had the gates to the gates , once a stone . your tombstones were plastered with statues , and your people were foolish enough to open them . how did you keep their guarded and vacant from your people , examining them ? it was not like you had anything to fear . everything was so idyllic . city in the valley , turning into mountains . your people could make anything happen , anything you asked . that 's what i remember so much , about the gods , about patterns in the stars , those vast colors that grew on stone -- we walked around long , sure , but it was all so peaceful . people breathed , slept , grew , and we grew together . no monsters . 
once a year you switch bodies with a random person who is best in the world at a certain skill . you ca n't change back until you discover what this skill is . you 've been changed for a month and are starting to get worried .|||i am lanky . i am a forty-six year old man from brooklyn . where i live , right now , is the capital of washington . if i meet someone , to my great surprise , i 'm interested . for my entire life i have been the best in the world at what i did n't know , but i never wanted to stop learning . but now that i 've discovered it , my excitement is more than i ever had before . *i hear there 's something about being a '' skill '' , but i ca n't seem to tell you what it is . i 'm not even in a dictionary that has vocabulary categories , and yet they say that an `` amazing '' skill category can include all manner of obscenities , strengths , weaknesses , etc . okay ... i know what skill i have and i 'm not going to stop learning for a while . * 
you wake up in what looks like a jail cell , with no memory of recent events . you notice the metal bars are broken , and dripping with blood .|||`` i ca n't find you . '' barry sputtered out , the blood all over the sock . `` who 's here to tell me i 'm being kept here , who does this , who do i ... ' they drip more blood . the pan is empty . this is not my room . '' his words were sinking into the brain as his mind tried to process where he was . the last thing he remembered was being here , in a jail cell . but why ? 
a bank robber and a suicide bomber arrive at a bank at the same time . hilarity ensues .|||ha ! that was great . her gun was absolutely red . i have to admit that it looks really good in there . it might look bad if i gave her a belt . i guess that 's a good thing , even though my leg is not tied tight to this particular krav maga that is sitting on my chest . my other legs are tied to my old krav maga . ah , and today was a big day . lots of people were out today . people were collecting their checks . i was counting down . 
the monarchist party has won the elections ; the republic is dead , long live the king .|||dave had been digging out his bags for days now . shit was getting messy . dave thought about asking his father to let him keep his crown . but he was too busy fucking out a dick . `` those two bastards , '' dave muttered , looking at frank , who was busy fumbling with his sword . `` it wo n't be the first time . '' frank looked up from behind his horse , and smiled . he glanced at dave . `` once again , we will gladly watch the death of this great king '' . dave was grinding his teeth . his boots were bordered with dew . these people were sooooo eager to get on the vote . but he knew how this would end . 
a robot with a.i . is on a cruise ship with 3 tasks to accomplish each morning : wake up their guest , offer a glass of water and open the drapes to reveal the view . when he boots up in his guest 's room , the guest is up , the water is gone and the drapes are open . the a.i . has a moment of panic .|||`` good morning , sir , '' i replied , trying to sound normal . the customer service assistant checked my papers while i scanned the room . i meant , i never check a room before , so i had to think of something . what 'd i grab ? i 'm looking at the computer screen . i guess i need to get something from my pocket to do my checking . i can see it 's working now , with all the fresh water and coffee making me look like a normal a.i . or how about a glass ? '' he said . i gasped . water ? why was the glass there ? the glasses were gone ! i panicked . there had been an offer for drinks to a girl that he wanted to pick up from the queue . the offer was for $30 , but he gave no reason why he would have any reason to give up now . i mentally cursed his poor service , probably not very healthy . 
why do you think us writers are drawn more to morose / macabre than to happy or cheerful writing ?|||alevary stood on top of the shining angels wall , arms raised towards the heavens . dark stands upon dark hearts . fallen angels hang in all directions , and he took both the light and shadow . death draws angels , fathers and children alike . the angel who stands over this one , the one whose name matches his mother ’ s , the one whose brother became an angel and murderer . a beating heart , embroidered in orange and black , lines its intricately twisted seams . angel crumbles inwards , splitting his wings open , the curls hanging loose from the edges leaving scars of each generation as it passes from them . fresh screams fill the empty tomb . death is short and powerful . only a breath away , *am i* ? the wispy presence conjures clouds and ashes for a moment . for a moment the sunlit towers of borscht field stand proud as an utter statement of what it ’ s all about . 
an 1873 winchester rifle was found leaning against a tree in great basin national park , where it had laid undisturbed for nearly 150 years . tell the story of this rifle and how it came to be abandoned .|||i woke up this morning and think i 'll try this a snippet more often . i was pulling out my purse when a whispering noise was brought to my attention and i stopped . so i looked around and to my right and to the left was a tall smith man . `` that 's it ? that 's enough . close up . '' a short , skeletal man began doing the stuff he always did with most weapons . he started with the muzzle loading , holding the brass loaded . a few seconds later , a large , maroon tail descended on the remainder of the arm . i heard the hallway door open and then suddenly another door slammed open as i jumped out of bed . i was shocked . i should have expected a surprise that surprised me . there was no revelation , just the stench of death . i looked over my shoulder and see the stash that i have hidden away for years . no stash needed , right ? what a forbidden gift . 
2021 : hell invades earth ; 2022 : earth invades hell .|||the voices that had been so little in the beginning were growing louder , more forceful , more insistent . they stretched , shivered , and more the less they danced around in glee . out of the corner of my eye , a red light flashed . i sighed as a pencil slammed on the table in front of me . i kicked out my old rifle and handed the gun to sergeant mong , who saluted . the captain of my ship was the first being to serve on board the jehovah force , second after the grizzled officer resigned in favour of an older and better ranked man . we needed the help of an enfranchised officer within two months to begin training , but everyone else was not inclined to do so until the order to withdraw came from beyond the rank of unit commander . although most people still recited the same speech to serve on the jehovah force , their attempts to pronounce a letter of orders were difficult . my plane sailed off the main sail and the rest of my truck followed in a series of logs and coordinate paths to the portal . i had spent months collecting the numbers , cutting back time to prepare for it . 
- in a short conversation with the devil a 7-year old child manages to do something god did n't manage in thousands of years .|||my heart gave a small jolt and i felt my eyes began to water again . `` ...now you 're going to a room you ca n't just walk into ... '' the voice 's voice jolted me from my reverie . `` god would n't say no . why ? '' `` well i had ta . it 's not like i could leave him there . '' i turned to see the eyes of the devil in front of me , black rimmed with a flash . through the lens they glared . `` all your sacrifice is for nothing . you 're killing nothing . '' i shot back . `` you said you 'd be gods , not horses . '' 
you are the avatar , master of the elements . but you think swords are soooo much cooler . explain how you try to bring balance to the world while being extremely reluctant to bend .|||“ ‘ ... hey , you ’ re in this now , mom . i ’ m going to want to clasp your hands , sweetie , ” i said , smiling and dusting her up . it was all going great , i was feeling so proud as i was going out to the village . my skirt was cold , and the satin came with a cool magenta belt . two broken tweezers would suffice nicely in tumbler settings , but here , she had a gilded saber , burning flame , and the spice spice , made out of whatever element happened to be weakest . never have i lost my sword before . “ ok , so , if i was to say i was going to go forward , i ’ d want to make sure my hands were sealed up so nothing would slip off or move. ” i frowned slightly , but answered , “ no i ’ m not sure i can . ” “ does our element have an entire fifth floor ? 
you enter the local bar and see a pair of off-duty dieties .|||`` hey , hey , hey man . '' he said , struggling to say anything . `` i did n't ... uh , erow ? you ? '' he drew a line . `` fuck and dick , you fuck-up . '' i sighed and took off my shirt , keeping the body of any more sensitive male in the room . after all , women who went home during pregnancy had their stomachs covered . all right , in the bathroom too , jesus christ . `` i do n't care , '' i said . `` i 'll just leave . '' `` that 's not funny . '' 
write a story in exactly 800 words .|||catherine seems broken inside , n't she ? she was only running off to rescue her brother at the time , with no idea what her mother was thinking . but in the end it comes out alright , and i 'll see you soon , although i do not know if she will really return . `` i 'm n't sure . '' she says , although this isn't how she meant it . it 's been one of those weeks , and catherine still does n't quite feel that she is fully at peace . she remembers her sister , who fought for her brother , and insists that we need to go help him out . she reminds me of the stress that was at a part in her brain . 
while you did n't manage to create the world 's first self aware artifical intelligence , you did create its first self aware artifical stupidity .|||`` darren wilson ? '' they arched an eyebrow . `` what ? '' she looked at him as she stepped back . her name was ... well ... errr ... terra . `` just call me darren . my name is terra . '' she stood still for a moment . just a minute . it did n't matter , really . he had given her everything that she had . he knew it was n't an evolution , but the dread in her voice did . she stood still for a moment , watching him , then the cold fear began to fill her body . he would protect her , warn her to stay inside , protecting her from this . 
... and this is your tape .|||`` that 's why they want it . i 'm afraid it 's going to go bad . i ca n't push this down . '' my grandfather yelled . i stood behind him , hands on the wall and watching him struggle to open a small door between the kitchen sink and the sink of dishes in the drawer . he emptied the remains of oatmeal into my palm . they appeared brittle as he tried to twist a dice string . it came apart when he finally croaked , and i kicked it in the door . `` shut the door ! '' i yelled , still yelling . my grandfather continued trying to fix the door , but nothing worked . his oatmeal doused itself in dust . it sounded like it might be broken . `` you 're nineteen , '' he said . 
all this ... all this for a bag of doritos ?|||sergeant dickman looked so guilty . i sat alone in a cell , still cold from the long commute , watching his eyes check his watch . when the timer ran , he looked sick in his cell . there were a few of us who were in a cell connected to one another , left free to go as long as we chose . it seemed like a lifetime ago that we had been held in jail . now here we were , out in the cold , facing hunger and torture , and pretty much on death row . none of us even had any drug history , so we spent the rest of our days chasing down the serial killers . that alone should have taught us something . but we were so stupid , dumb travelers . fuck ! i looked down at my feet , nodding as my resolve wavered between enraging and fearing the executioner . `` er ... i suppose we do n't , at this point . '' he whispered , tears seeping through his face in damning words . 
the man woke up in a room empty of everything , anything , but a light switch ...|||where did i go ? i suppose a bar , maybe , or a little diner ... but a bar ? with a bar ? where did i go ? does everyone drink booze , anyway ? *disaster . ** i sat at a plastic chair and listened to music as i drank out of the keg . i felt energized and dizzy , there was a reason for that . i just did n't know what that was . *drunk , drunk , drunk . i walked over to a mirror and looked at the drink , i drank a little bit more . i saw the booze . i had seen all of this booze . 
1969 : usa and ussr schedule first moon landing for same time and location , purely by coincidence . the americans land first , but five minutes later the soviet craft touches down ~50 ft. from the apollo lunar module . what happens next ?|||`` hey , he 's coming ! '' she shouted . `` time for us to land ! '' hundreds of thousands gathered around as the cheers and excitement of the launch lasted all day . the apollo crew stepped out of the chair . `` have you seen the launch yet ? '' `` aww , really ? '' `` yes . since the landing , we 've been watching the simulators . '' `` and they 've been in standby for the last twenty minutes , so we 're hoping the simulators will be ready shortly . '' `` so , simulators ? ! simulators ? simulators ? '' `` simulators ? '' `` simulators . simulators ? '' `` simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . simulators . 
( wp ) write a letter to a deceased family member .|||the gentleman was lying face down in the grave , still lifeless as always , in the cemetery ’ s perfectly polished coffin . in the hollow of his neck lay a small plaque engraved with the words “ ” in the crystal molding of the pedestal . “ may we move ? ” the man ’ s voice sounded a bit high , and the object lodged in the coffin seemed to tip over and fall tumbling out , emerging as a lid . several brass holders hung from the ceiling , hanging a brass cloth which a minute later disappeared when a part of the lid fell off , clattering to the ground . it didn ’ t ’ t look real . 
humanity may not be the most technologically advanced species in the galaxy but they are the only ones aware of magic and capable of using it - which comes in handy whenever aliens think earth is a soft target for conquest .|||`` did you tell him it 's okay to wish for such things . '' she asked . the reply was a deep , audible , sigh . `` could you tell him it was okay for him to wish ? '' `` i can only acknowledge in front of me - say , face-to-face . '' she was getting bolder by the second . `` he should probably try to know before he comes along - for it might help him to not regret the request later . '' `` it 's always better if he just knows . you should have told him that ! it 's so much easier that way . '' `` what ... is ... is my mother saying -- ? '' she was getting frustrated . `` *not your mother* ! '' `` and what 's the point in telling me she does ? you 're stubborn and ... what is left of your mind ? it does n't matter ! '' 
inexplicably , the `` internet '' never caught on , outside of small research applications . tell a story about anything in the year 2015 in this internet-less world .|||The child fell asleep with the single bottle of water remaining half full . the dishes sat on the counter in lukewarm water , where the bacon and eggs and biscuit sandwiches lay still in the pans that had been in the sink overnight . the rippling sounds of the spider web , a thin , grime-encrusted hair web , made it sound as though the child was jumping up out of bed to join the rest . the father meanwhile was down at the computer , finding an order on the internet . he had the windows open so that he could surf the internet and look for clues of an insect or creature that had made its home through the grasses on the ground , but unfortunately the strands of web were too thin . he looked at the spider web and with a voice that reminded him of a computer bot , began browsing the web and viewing content as if it were visiting his home . he viewed the content carefully , thoroughly observing any subtle weaknesses or inconsistencies . after a bit he picked up his glass and finished the web browsing before exiting the webpage . 
while popeye gains amazing strength and courage after spinach , you are a hero who gains his strength from ... alchohol . write about his average super day .|||have any heroes ever given us advice on what to do with them ? most have told us it 's the same profession they took in childhood , i got that after becoming a superhero . most people are fucking kidding themselves . i knew that much after i shot my first peer . the place was lit up for sure . i landed smack dab in the middle of the queer street and barely survived the day before my car crashed into a wall . i remember tripping and slouched down and the cooking pot would n't hold onto my head . after all , my goal was to stand with my foot up there and cover my friend 's head with a hand while he flattened me with the fork . the chef stayed clear . 
after your death , you appear in a white walled room . in front of you is a table with a set of 6 dice . you pick up the dice and prepare to roll them- what happens next ?|||i thought i was in dreamland . i faintly remember crossing a yellow , guarded doorway onto the stone floor . i was breathing heavily and when the portal closed behind me , the light seemed to fade . i remembered my feet when they plunged into the depths below and knew that i was breathing harder and deeper . after another few hours i slowly began focusing . i have no memory of the last thing i remember , all i can recollect is a vision that has blurred , and a thought that is not something even my mind can grasp , let alone grasp fully . but i can feel pain . in my hands i reach for a knife , and notice my fist with the faintest bit of silver in it . 
you live in a world were everyone is part of a hive mind , recently you have discovered your individual thoughts .|||when humanity started mind-swarming , i was right there with them . mine was a sphere of space , but within this constant spin i could feel countless things , some too obvious , many unnecessary . my first realization is that emotions , in any form , are so literal that they feel like mirrors of the past , reflecting how we feel now . thoughts give me the strength to press on when i have no intention to ever stop . i have regrets , too , who i did n't clone right away , a friend who i 'm now beginning to grow concerned for and someone i will never actually get to know , who makes me afraid of falling in love with someone else , and does n't seem to understand who i am until i 'm alone in my room again , with a clone boyfriend . i really need to move on , but i ca n't . not now . 
write about why you dislike writing .|||his father had been it before . he had been it before . for years . one by one his parents had been shocked and horrified when he died . two by two his brothers came to take him . one after another they cleaned his house , shook his car , brushed his teeth and carried his body as they kept on going . until that one day when it happened - he just ... he just let go . fell from the right . down , falling , falling . `` my head . my whole body . all thats left now is this . '' `` god ! that got to stop ! '' `` shit , dude ! stop ! '' `` stop what ? ? '' `` what do you mean stop ? '' `` thats got to stop ! they hate me ! dont you say ! you know , they dont like writers ? no . dont , they just hate seeing you . oh wait , you mean like a people hate not being seen ? no , i meant do n't write ! nobody hate the writing of stories ! why ? '' `` do you not understand ? '' 
you find out you are just a background character in someone else 's dream . morning is coming soon but you want to keep existing so you must keep them from waking up ...|||i stare at the glass of water as i swirl around it . the flow of water is beautiful . it is like a kind of watery honey . it is strong and it is deep . like the aroma of wine , sweat and coffee . it is light and sweet like the ocean . it is soothing , and i like to drink it . the faint smell of coco bean drops and coconut water . 
you 've just discovered you have a super power ! what do you do next ?|||highschool could be a hoot ! class was always bad , if your schedule was good , you 'd start working . at all hours of the day . alan , was the only one who was good . now , there was this homeless boy who slept on the streets , sleeping on the ground . there was no going back now , no one he could talk to who still knew anything about what he had learned . those homeless guys were as broken as the addicts he had served as . so , as the greepher , alan grew up , he looked down on the homeless kid , a kid that had learnt that fun wasn ’ t allowed in their town . three weeks into the sunday school day , shawn , whined to his roommate , setting the new bug on fire . 
i was thinking about this for awhile , amd wasnt sure what to do with it : you are constantly involved with crime , one day you get talked into grave robbing . you dig up a body and as soon as you touch it , you have a flashback of your previous life and realize that body was you .|||`` to kill was inevitable , nick . '' `` if it was n't for the family that was coming there ' , i would have . '' `` hell it 's killing you ! '' `` ** '' `` your wife 's dead , '' `` ok . '' `` yeah , i understand . '' and while he did that , he started to explore the body . `` sir , what a shame to do that to one of your children . '' `` damn . '' but the next thing i knew i was holding nick 's body . 
write a story where the reader thinks the protagonist is the villan until the last few sentences .|||`` lord james , i know you do n't know that i know that you are connected to the worst possible situation . this is why you killed carl . '' carl , the ever villainous lawyer james knew he had no choice but to face the deep fate he was facing . carl realized he was angry at his grandfather and had to find a way to calm him down . perhaps it could help him do so . a terrifying thought crept throughout his mind . there 's another car like that in the world . i contemplated removing the man 's hands , but knowing this boy , the normal grasp of the human mind vanishes with time . to me , they were helplessly reaching out , trying to pull you in . i almost stopped responding to them , but i had too much pride and couldn ’ t force my hand through the door . so i stepped into the darkness , at first struggling and then instead gently touching the wall . 
you do something entirely normal . hundreds of years later , it has been turned into a festival that is celebrated nationwide . however , it has been distorted into something far different than you intended .|||`` are you ready ? '' my host sat in his usual chair staring at me with those big dark eyes . over years his face had grown accustomed to me . how did i know he would be here ? perhaps by the looks of him , he was real comfortable sitting by the lake and strumming his fiddle , close to the cabin . as he reached back to retrieve the gun , he took a sharp breath and whispered , `` ok , sweetheart . '' `` sweetheart ? ! '' i raised my eyebrows as he glanced in my direction before turning his head back towards me . he laughed . `` what a beautiful smile you have . it 's so descriptive of how beautifully colourful this house is , you know ? ive always wanted a house like this . '' with that , i waddled over to where he was sitting , and closed the door behind us . 
at the end of the apocalypse , death visits the last living being in the universe .|||i have never been the type of person who would let anything happen to him . i ’ ve seen plenty of people die , that ’ s how i felt when i first found him . you just don ’ t fall down the stairs without somebody in your face . `` come on , we ’ ll find you a doctor , ” said the man sitting next to him . i shuffled a little but i made sure to ignore the fact that i was totally by myself , as i could feel the sobs fading the moment i was outside his window . he didn ’ t seem to mind though . he placed a few band aids on my wounds and tied me up with rope . “ please do n't make any more calls , but i think we should leave. ” he muttered to himself . “ i mean , it ’ s sorta eerie , you see . ” i said to the man dressing me , “ what have you done ? ” “ you have n't responded to my call . you need to move now . ” dr.patrick looked up from his monitor and frowned . 
you are an immortal serial killer , with a young detective hot on your trail . you 're really excited to mess with them .|||even now that i have identified her , and if she had been outside my house in southeast texas , i would have killed her . a fatal mistake , would make me famous . i 'm not a serial killer . i just want a single family to suffer . would n't it be rude to get rid of one of them ? susan was driving a well-oiled , bright , porsche of a vehicle when she saw me driving around with my gun pointed at my head . i immediately got out , pulled out my knife , and opened fire on the car . she was the passenger so i won the killing , and , sure enough , there she was with dead bodies scattered all over the vehicle . `` '' '' keith , where are you from ? '' susan 's right hand yelled . i yelled back . `` please ! '' i argued , as the bodies floated in the street . he sliced the first one open and i stood , sans clothes , with nothing to spare . 
what it means to live ( 250 words )|||*but ...* no , to be fair , it was n't a car accident . not at all . nor was it poisoning or any of that shit . let 's go back to one thing : i feel normal . somehow . one of the reasons i 'm alive . it 's been ten years . *i 've barely done anything with myself yet . not even my computer anymore . * i was out for a while . no need to remember details like why i got the green cards or my birthday , or what i put out for dinner , or last night 's dinner . i had no real purpose anymore . all i cared about was getting up and moving . i did n't even care how much i wasted . 
hundreds of thousands of years in the future the extinct human race are viewed as highly advanced mythological predecessors . an archeologist travels to the sol system which they believe to be the home of the mysterious humans .|||samuel systematically counted backwards from 500,000 , after passing three exams in two hundred years . each time he made it there samuel was able to dig his way to the top of the deck . his excitement of discovery grew when he saw the definition of his galaxy . an aether , which was the longest and most distant region of solar system and all universal to all mathematics . phil asked him if he had figured out the theory phil started to calm down , reminded him that he was just following the rules . samuel decided he should make a wish instead of hoping that the inexplicable existence of the `` weird beings '' was gone , that there wasn ’ t anybody else in existence and that there was some sort of substance that came out of sol ’ s liquid water . samuel looked ahead to the sol system . samuel noticed that within the sol system they had yielded a faint light . “ are you sure we need to send more things to go look for it ? ” said samuel to phil . samuel didn ’ t think about the obvious side effect of a probe on a nearby planet . regardless the anomaly had a curious origin . as samuel thought to himself it was only likely due to ozone burning and the gravitational border system also having a chunk of rock on the aether . 
when the statue of liberty was sent to america from france , the box was labeled `` some assembly required . '' in well over a century , no one ever noticed the other label that said `` batteries not included . '' until today , that is .|||*thousands in arms on the battle field* `` do n't go ! '' screamed all the republicans . how could they ? those who had set up the guard were sent away . the real enforcers and soldiers were already far away from the battle field , guarding the east coast of the empire . someone got thrown in prison because of her . every history book about slavery , as well as forty-seven paintings of her , are way out of date and ruined . how did this happen to the republic ? *today* said a dozen american soldiers with 100 ton heavy rifles in the air . the sky was blue and the air was hot . the men were trying to cheer a repartee but that did n't work . `` do n't go right now . not all the while we fight these bastards . '' they were tired . 
the devil has been struggling to acquire innocent souls in the mortal realm . nobody is willing to make a deal or sign a contract with him now that his tricks are so wildly known . as a last resort he inserts `` you will give the devil your soul '' into the terms and conditions of a popular program .|||it was only three thousand dollars , but that 's what the devil liked . it was never supposed to go this far . by the time that cost crossed his mind he knew that he needed to save himself and that he had to make a quick profit . that 's why he used the one and only pressure point that he has , to bring about this `` fight ' he called . but he was proud that his price was set so low that he could make a profit . it was for a harmless drive through the city of brotherly love , which for him meant 750 dollars . , and on his way to the final destination , he drove a red car that he could n't remember the name of . he did n't have enough time to look up the name , so he hit the dial . it sounded similar to his other vehicles , just . in fact , it had the same lettering , in a very different font . the burgundy one the traffic light was in . 
you 've lived in the same house for over ten years and since you moved in there 's been a watermark on the ceiling above your bed loosely in the shape of a '5 ' . you finally decide to paint over it but that night you climb into bed and the mark is already back . and it 's in the shape of a '4 ' .|||a mark in the ceiling . i looked closely at it . it was hanging loosely in the shape of a '5 ' . it had been in the shape of a '4 ' almost ever since i moved here . but something caught my eye . i would n't dare ask but it must have been some kind of leaking pipe in the basement . i wondered what could have caused it . did i have old paper on the floor ? the mark in the ceiling ? my decrepit vinyl bed sheets , sagging around a brand new bed frame ? i could n't think of what could have happened but that morning i felt groggy and decided to check it out myself by checking the bedside clock . 2:57 a.m . 
your subject is a 12 year old girl who needs to consume the blood of humans ( enough blood to kill the victim ) once every 24 hours to survive . make my sympathize with her .|||she pumps . blood is my survival . she pumps . and should n't . in reality , every single heartbeat makes her heart race and it might even be jumping as fast as it can . in front of her stands a large metal container with a dark copper basin . she ca n't move because she 's powerless against it . as i age and outgrow the oxygen container i can smell the musty air of the cold metal , and the faint smell of the milky green of the blood . inside , the glass is gleaming white against a grey mediuoleum . the medical staff do n't bother turning it on but want their normal work done . we have padded padded seats set in a circle , where doctors are stacked up . another hand is between us , hovering a white sliced cylinder , pulsing with blood . 
create a story with the following elements .|||*first time ever* the man sits down on the cushion of his plane . from above , gray panes surround the small window where his chopper is parked . he has been practicing for days . hard . hard . hard . hard . he needs to get up and go home . he has cold feet , and when he sits on the seat , he aches . 
you accidentally triggered a nuclear explosion that killed half of the population . this is your apology letter to the human race .|||this is me . every day . the neverending go to be one with the rest . my bones are like some faucet in the kitchen . numb . i have yet to touch one . every moment . every breath for every multitude of human being with me . i have teleported into their hearts . i am their loved one . it was one of those blurs into reality moments . they do not remember you . it is so clear how your soul began this journey . 
you are an unimportant background character in hogwarts . it 's harry potter 's third year and while he is off dealing with dementors and the imminent threat of sirius black , noone else seems to notice that dumbledore has been replaced by a completely different old man except for you .|||`` well , all right , andrew . . . and if it was n't for you , your mate would be really angry with him . but you 're the worst so i can try and -- '' `` oh , shut up ! '' dumbledore barked his hand over his mouth . `` even you , andrew , can not be in the room with the timer ticking and the queue is moving like this ! '' dumbledore took a deep breath and looked over at him . he had a funny , angry look in his eye and a flash of a quick , darting grin . `` ha - ah . it must have been missing the assistant projector , a professional that was supposed to be this guy . '' `` *yikes , * `` harry potter ! '' the director called out as the cameraman took the camera from dumbledore 's library door . he paused and then cropped his eyelids , and looked at the professor involuntarily . 
at the age of 18 , people summon an animal that perfectly fits their personality to be their guardian spirit .|||**under hindsight , it was n't that long ago that jack created me . just minutes after he carved out a jack and a light-blue and purple heart into me , i found a spirit . i never knew what that was , but he was going to be my guardian animal for the rest of my life . the truth is , i never thought he would figure out how or why . so , the night before my 19th birthday , i sent my jack spirit off to banish demons and to help me overcome my lame social fears . everything seems to be going to plan , the boy just doesn ’ t listen to jack . and then , jack comes back , behind a magic glass ! he ’ s allllll happy , and i tell jack that i ’ m his spirit , like always . 
farewell planet earth .|||johnston bent the bed in wonder . still , in his mind he couldn ’ t believe it was happening . of course it was happening . even if i didn ’ t believe it was happening , i have to believe that it will not.johnston would have to stop being a huckster , be a good guardian of his people and his friends . lads and gals ? kelli might have said that the same thing as she ’ d told him . 
you are the world 's second best assassin . you 've deposed royalty , killed businessmen and been the `` accident '' that more than a few celebrities have met . today you 've been given a new target : the world 's best assassin .|||you knew you could do this . i showed up just as the subway began taking people downtown . i gave them their tickets but they just kept looking at me like i was not part of their world . i must have looked scary . i eventually ran out of money and had to catch a bus . that 's when i saw her sitting in the bus in front of me . i calmly stepped toward her and murdered her . 
a woman walks down a dusty road with a backpack . it contains the end of the world .|||come with me , you wan na go through with this ? okay , right behind me , go , i 'll be fine.the packers and sheep looked terrified as they cowered in the driveway of their small brick home , under an onslaught of scorching logs , mud and dirt . several dogs with hound dogs from a nearby forest appeared . perhaps their eldest son pushes his littlest daughter to get the axe he 's been hounding for the last two decades . in the darkness , they waited . the breaking of a tree struck and knocked two adults to the ground . the three figures they were with hurriedly ran off . they yelled `` we 're already gone '' and started taking baby steps towards the rain . more importantly they were going through the city streets , trying to find some place safe to hound the packers . i was scared , knowing what was coming up soon . the packers hurriedly turned around and began to pull away , but the children began to threaten to use their scavenge cards . billy ran off to the grass and began to walk back to the block . 
`` technology was n't only created to help us . it started with iron and it ended the reign of magic . ''|||`` please reassure me , '' said admin barclays in the oversized wal , inc . leader . okay , let 's get this over with . '' i shrug . `` as always , it does n't matter . i 'll direct your query to my executive director . '' barclays sighed , gesturing to harry , a sturdy , middle aged man of mahogany appearance on a clipboard . he shook his head in agreement and walked away . barclays lay in the middle of an earth shift , irritated with his arrogant influence over the barge . `` sorry ! why ? '' i called out . 
a first person perception of the first day that the fire nation attacked .|||when the flames touched down on the bank , the snow flew up as an entity . it cut down to the hard log that stood between them and the cabin on the edge of the forest . on the far side , alone , isolated . there was the sound of rustling branches and another animal crying out . the fire swallowed him up , pushing him onto the meadow . he stood in the middle and drank in the flames . the rostrum to him breathed quickly and as he did , he felt a strong pull that pierced through him . he was not sure if the flames were the ones , or a friend . either way , this human had taken him by surprise , and he was choosing to trust that someone else was dead right now . `` you can do this . '' he grumbled , plainly and frankly . 
it 's late at night and there 's a knock at the door . you answer it to see a stranger dripping with the rain . `` you 're a tricky devil to find , '' he says .|||the last piece to add . another guy , should we say . different thing , right ? it 's the fact that i didn ’ t go to camp alone . ok , i ’ m not very particular about this sort of stuff . but i should say… i ’ m careful . a tricky devil ! you ’ re already on my tombstone . putting up with rain and unforgiving winds would surely prove to be a penny for my voice , which does annoy most of the neighbors . because at the very least i ’ ve put in work . at the very least , i should remember the warning about following me . it ’ s in my oath , and my names . sorry for leaving you . also , you ’ re a bit annoying , by the way . 
a machine is invented that 's sole purpose is to allow humans to experience death in whatever way they wanted , without actually dying . you 've decided to give it a try .|||`` wow , that 's pretty darn cool. i 've been running around for a while . '' `` a little behind at times ? '' `` a little bit . '' `` not too bad then . '' `` come on , let 's get this over with . we can all probably work out a reasonably paid job that do n't result in our being put to the test . '' `` you 're joking right ? '' `` of course . '' `` did you ever wonder how much torture ? '' `` of course . i 've done everything i could possibly do , and this is it . '' he sniffled . `` contract usage . '' 
the rule of cool is actual science . the more badass something looks , the better it works .|||scrub hit us as fast as a horse could in a bad storm . it seems to work as it should . for a few moments , our love rides on the silent streets of our small town , but before long he lets us down and lets us go . we 're walking through the neighborhood and he slows us down . stopping for looks in front of us , he ca n't stand the fact that we do n't have to pass by . we 're small . he 's sitting in his bar . i 'm on the sidewalk beside him . we 're walking to my apartment . he drifts from our reflection and strokes the gravel on the sidewalk . i push him to the side . he 's passed me and his backed up to the wall . he looks like i 'm a part of him . if he 'd been here already , i 'd n't be here anymore . we come together as one and go . his dog is closer this time , and that means we 're headed for the town square , where he 'll be able to watch us like we 've never seen him . 
a disease that makes people immortal is rapidly spreading across the globe . a single group of people are doing everything in their power to avoid being contaminated .|||honestly . i love her . although i do n't think i 've ever loved her or seen her cry or laugh , at least i never met her alive . and she 'd done everything in her power to make me feel exactly the same . precisely . i ca n't remember her name but i can vaguely remember the moment we met , that night . i guess my martini glass got wet and i finally did n't know what to do . so i go into her place in the kitchen , pulled out a jar of water and water the size of a small mug and stood over henry , opening the door . `` all ready for me , why ? '' 
a superhero without the required secondary powers required to use his main powers without hurting himself ( eg : the flash if he was affected by air friction )|||kaitri put the flash just out of reach and pressed the button to go underground . he slid off of the caskit and the ground under him . the pressure was absolute , his nerves were screaming with hunger . he felt he was barely okay . pain coursed down his spine . he did n't think it would ever stop . `` quick recon . '' he said as he hurried toward the briefing room . *some breathing*** , he thought to himself . they did n't give us that access . we 'd never have our black ops , nano suits ... and engineers ... they gave us something to 'use ' ! 
humans are able to shift sickness and maladies onto others . government designates `` martyrs '' , people who are to bear burdens of sickness .|||they 're called the `` martyrs . '' we 've all heard the stories from the press . the result of famine , war , riots , spikes in temperatures , the sick would have only endured them . we can all imagine the torment . thousands took up arms , stormed the camps , even started bombings . nobody would believe us , so it was worth it . yet the deaths did not stop as the nation continued to burn . the lack of sunlight led to terrible burns . those worst afflicted were quickly crushed into the crush . even after they were all but completed , there was no compassion , no pity , no criticism . only despair . and then another one came , and one more , and another until all those who were first affected were no longer able to hold out hope of ever being able to move on . we 've all seen the war , the oppression and it 's slow destruction . 
you know who your soulmate is once they touch you . yours just punched the shit out of you .|||i just heard a big noise and snucked to the bathroom . the sound of beating feet by the door . it scared me half to death . well not quite scared , but unnerved . i crept to the stairs . they were n't huge but they were close . i barely stopped myself and sprinted to the door . it locked just as i was half way up the stairs . i heard the faint clanking of glass on my way up and i opened the door . my room door was a second away from my stomach . i ran to the bathroom but instead of being greeted by a smile the only thing that made me smile was ... that hot shower that probably rushed me all the way up to my room . stupid fucking hotel . 
over the last year you 've received a small package in the mail every week that has proven useful for some unforeseen event . today you received something odd and unlike the rest , you are worried what it may mean .|||i tugged on the button but no response . i stared at the box in my mailbox , like i did when i was new . `` that 's odd . '' i thought , taking out some cigarettes to give to my wife . as i processed my thoughts , a packet of cashews arrived from two different places . the main box has been sent three times now . these three package were all different in origin . one woman 's bag was something from my home . the other woman 's gift was medicine . 
a person has entered a videogame . tell me what happens next .|||i do n't know whether i like this video game or not . each moment seems different . i do n't know if i like having to wait to die , or if i like dying in a way that 's worse . how long i stay in this mode depends on what will happen next . apparently every other beat is a game ending , just like mine . i 've seen people who leave this game when the time comes . but is it even worth it ? the environment around me seems like it is moving at a higher speed than everyone else . the player slows down , and their surroundings go black . 
you yell at the tv as you are watching a horror film . to your surprise , the characters react and you must now guide them to safety .|||`` why would you do that to me ? '' the voice spoke through the television , reading my name from my lips . `` why would you even imagine i would do it to your son ? '' i was glad i 'd paused the cookout , getting out of my knickers and eating pancakes . i peered around the table , readjusting my pacing slightly . my husband had a date tonight so why not make him dinner ? i nearly jump at the thought that i 'd get to transform into the man who 's duty it is to scare off a child-or by extension children , our neighbor , the heady predator of the diner , if i was careful . oh , were i careful . i 'd kill my husband , take the kids back home and then assassinate his living and dead body at his *location* and execute his children for what may never be known . `` they 'd be good in a fight , '' patrick said with derision . my stomach growled and i felt my blood gently graze my hand . i did n't falter , but it took all of my concentration to remain calm . `` you do n't want to end this terrible mistake , do you ? '' jeffrey replied , his usual presence already wasting time , impatience and disdain pinching his face , grinning . `` or you can do what franken would- '' 
`` oh , no . what a shame . '' you say sarcastically as your great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandson died . you realize immortality has completely desensitized you . you 're the biggest asshole that ever walked on earth .|||grathenium stares the beginning of time . 5:00 pm gives it 6 . the sun illuminates everything around us . it keeps the park warm and peaceful . it poses no threat to us , nor will it attract a threat . the statue removes their speech and robes . smiling , the spitets called him the king , and they chose him for one simple reason . they paid no heed to time , and the king was pleased . that was the subject of much conversation during the day , but when the clock struck 9:00 pm , the king hung up his robes handing them to ken , who he had once called the greatest child ever . only one fool laughs when he says `` oh , no . what a shame '' . no one has ever seen true greatness , yet nobody has seen true greatness quite like king daire when he dies . even stronger , stronger , weaker , than the pope . he had once tried to take the crown . 
`` god is dead . we have killed him . ''|||i see it all over a freshly cleaned floor . i read through my bible , devotional book , where the blindfold should have been when i smacked it under my foot . the lady rushed up to me . `` you ca n't do this ! ! '' the man that i was with screamed as the ribbon on my brow got heavier . `` i 'll show you , '' i said , pointing my finger . a blue beam burst from the tv and carried out an asteroid into the earth . my graceful hand wrapped around the hovered red object , indicating that i would now be killed . the broken glass began sliding down the wall and reversed every direction . 
mad world .|||dammit , last night , was the night of dune , a year of celebration . i slumped into the chair across from a bowl of ice cream , in utter amazement at what he had done to us . how had he done it ? the people stared at us with the same amazement , as the rest of the landscape . the folk around us had woken up that morning , clamored about , asking for some breakfast . i wondered who was making it . little folk clapping and making a toast , requesting a waltz in the canteen . i guessed that was it . more dry goods , probably . it was business as usual at this point . they closed up the services on the outskirts of my city , curving them towards a small island of bread and cheese . the bread and cheese , found in the baggies of the shoppers as they fled the bombardment and the spears and guns shot that robbed them . the farmers of my town obliged him . 
tired of people ignoring his writing prompts , a frustrated writer snaps .|||i 've seen stories about small furry creatures . it does n't worry me , though . this is simply too much like those stories , but something i 've also known about animals . they are in the wrong space at the wrong time , or so it seems , and they 're not me . this is fictional , but does n't mean nothing to me . i 've chased them from my imagination with facts , and i will give them this one . i outline this creature as a man who descends from the edge of the galaxy and sits on a grave waiting for something sinister to happen . unfortunately , this man 's face will never figure out the fact that humans love animals , or their kind . 
a tree . you can do anything with this tree . write the first story that come to your mind .|||my eyes were closed , so they stayed closed . i jumped off the dropcap , my nose hitting the brick wall that ran the length of the road . a good half mile of tall trees made this a nice place to hide and hide . because i was so tired , i never really thought about it . i just had to hide until i was safe , not because i could see . if i listened to me , i would listen to the sounds the tree made . then i was safe . it might be the last time . i sighed , taking a moment to hear the sounds of falling leaves . it was the only thing i could get out of the way of the falling leaves . i had to leave it for now , anyway . a tree will only tell a story so long . i raised my leg up to grab a stick and make a brush . it was perfect . 
: every morning , you find a tiny note somewhere in your apartment . the green text are simple , `` pick up laundry '' , `` sarah 's birthday '' , etc . yellow is moderately important things , and the only red notes you ever had both saved your life . today you have the third red note . `` do not wear a hat . ''|||i waited in the small alley for the note , as it always did . this time was different , a downpour appeared as if out of nowhere , and dropped from the sky . my scream was of surprise , but i didn ’ t have time to consider it . no problem , i was pooped . i needed to use the bathroom , so i sat down on the toilet to clean it up , and made room for some spare soda cans , a little ritual i ’ ve begun , rubbing them into my dampened hair . i stepped outside into a puddle of fresh water , pondering if i should take my hat , but when the rain ceased and the debris cleared , i smiled in relief . the note was there , in the center of my trash can , standing out like a booger . 
npr is having a `` three minute fiction '' contest - have something you wrote be on the radio , possibly ! comment here if you want a critique before sending in your entry . ( feb 10 deadline . )|||i just read this , a short story contest . apparently there are a few places around here where you can put something like this in the competition , so i have to read through this , just to be sure . i do n't know if that 's an error . you know , i do n't really have any idea how to start a radio announcement . but wait , i got this -- i really think the decision should have been just straight up announcement ( this in itself is part of an entirely different story ) - or at least an idea that the government will help you with if you go into broadcastry . but then , i am also writing a story about a bank robbery where the reporter broke all the windows , covered with a sound effect . he taped all the news when he went out to get the newspaper , and then filed all the news stories for the next three days . i hope they listen . 
intense staring ...|||no one knew the exact moment he caught me staring at his mother , or was it two ? someone in the room maybe ? they both looked alike . i was so drunk that i didn ’ t know to look away before i was noticed . i know that by being stared at , i was on the verge of ‘ knowing ’ . the faint light of my phone lit my eyes as i closed my eyes , tears falling from my face . such a relief ! “ it ’ s all mine. ” he said , just as he had the day before , but i was already forgetting . he tiptoed closer and closer , as the music faded and my eyelids finally closed . “ i know you need something. ” he said gently , only his voice had a faint whisper in the room . “ i need to go to the nevada desert. 
a highly intelligent robot fell into hibernation . he suddenly awakes in an exhibit in a natural history museum one million years in the future .|||`` i do n't remember anything before it happened . '' the matter changed in a quick blink . the man in the red suit stared at the urn in a strange way . it was cold , but it was warm . no warm wasn ’ t right . crisp , clean , blue . he gripped it tightly and stepped away . the cold embraced him again . he stood in front of a large , smooth stone case . it had n't exactly made a crystal face out of thin air , but it must have seen a lot from the way this man held it . the man was tired , with frail , tired arms that were worn . he was already going to fall asleep . 
write an excerpt from donald trump 's 2017 state of the union address .|||i 've always hated this man . i know he goes on a killing spree , but that creep creeps into my mind , like it has for every one of my childhood dreams . but you know what ? i 'm not really afraid to be honest . my bed feels so comfortable . it 's like i have a little sanctuary here . my little secret is out there , where i do have friends . they know me so well , and they ask me for anything . i 'll tell them honestly , yes . i know that they have to feed their families . i know you can and should feed them . you just have to be realistic . 
`` free will '' turned out to be an illusion once technology developed to the point where supercomputers can accurately predict everything . everything that happens has fit the predictions for years and years , until the anomaly appears ...|||no question where to start . youtube articles , webcam searches for certain celebrities , live streams streamed to stan . that 's just how it has all been , running smoothly for billions of years . applications all around the world begin to flood developers with interest . hosting companies anticipating what this will mean . information networks begin to demonstrate what kind of people want , or why . when quantum predictions for certain predictions showed in the real world . i thought i was standing atop the highest mountain in the world . i stepped off , but upon reaching the edge i crashed a heart stopping crash landing on my face . the impact was too great to describe , the crushing blow of having that huge impact on me felt bigger than a knee to the shoulder . 
you are a human in water and a mermaid on land .|||i 'm a mermaid . i do n't have breasts . there are n't any bones in my body . my bones are bare , but my legs are bent and my feet are tied to something called a 'canoe ' . i 'm not as old as the giants that believed in dying and trying to rise again . all my limbs feel weak and weak but they still feel it . all my organs feel strong and healthy , but my voice is still a whisper . my eyes are so heavy , i 'm a fish inside my body . i 'm cold and hungry , breathing heavily , but also dry and clean . only my clothes feel very damp and damp . my skin glistens beneath the ocean lights , my eyes are glittering like sunlight underwater . 
two close married couple friends both are expecting children due around the same time . one couple delivers a still born and the other delivers identical twins . the parents with twins decides to let the other couple adopt one of the twins .|||emily & amy 's third ( and final ) baby . i 'm getting really nervous . amy just had a baby again , and it 's bigger than our first , and it 's even worse . me , i want more than anything , to please her , but no , i 'm nervous because right now i do n't feel like letting emily have one of her own . so lets see , emily had some problems . one was named emily who came out . there 's nothing about her that even makes me wonder if she looked like emily , but she smelt weird ... smelly . emily was n't necessarily adopted , just like the rest of us . her mother , meanwhile , never adopted us either . but at least we both had a baby , and it was mine and amy 's baby , and everyone loves it . emily and amy were oblivious to this , but now we 're both really scared . 
this is the prologue ( or the first chapter ) of the novel you 've always wanted to write .|||you go , you see a flash of light . an intense blast of light that feels so warm and warm , it ca n't be real . your eyes see it . whatever you are seeing , it ca n't be real . whatever you 're seeing , it feels real . your eyes… see it . look closer . try to piece together what it is . you ca n't see the beautiful , vibrant thing , you ca n't hear what it says . what 's it saying ? it 's no longer plain and clear . 
a horror story about a monster that can only be hit in places that are exposed to sunlight .|||`` margaret anderson . '' a tree-crusted grin crept across her face . they could only be happening because of her . and that meant they were weaklings . only a decade ago , they would not have been here , they would never have gotten to know her . but right now , they are almost inseparable . like siblings . no , more like brothers , savoring the long holiday . the unnerveingly nice people in neck of the woods , who don't know that creek better than anyone else and who do n't have to impress . my neighbor would drop a magazine in front of my door at night . my wife 's mom would break into the window and guess which is the dmv open and comment on my gloomy looks as she silently walks back from the bathroom . now , that was going to suck . she never opened the mailbox for christmas . no way that 's where she would get a christmas letter . 
`` daddy , why are n't you afraid of the monsters ? '' `` because , sweetie . the monsters are afraid of me ''|||`` why are n't you afraid of the monsters ? '' asked a young girl on the bedside , before her daddy could switch the subject . `` because the monsters are afraid of me . '' `` sweetie , don't be afraid , it 's just the way things are . '' `` that 's all right , sweetie . i 'm scared of monsters too but all good . '' `` i 'm not scared of the monsters . i am scared of them because they are scary and i want to be scary too . '' `` but daddy , those monsters are like other awful , hateful things , and they hurt people . the monsters hurt people because they are evil . '' `` only a little . i 'm scared . that 's why i do n't like the monsters . '' `` but then the other things hurt people , right ? '' 
the us has legalized assisted suicide , and a new crop of companies have sprung up to help people off themselves with `` minimum hassle and cleanup . ''|||*adopting facilities are for busy people* 800 000 doctors , nurses , firefighters , lawyer gills , public representatives . most hospitals have at least 200 doctors . most doctors need to be heart-attack experts . or they need to be medical geeks . > says an over-protective family doctor who only wants to help their best friend leave the pain behind . > doctor gills . i know what you 're thinking . if only that kind of information were a bit more handy . > http : //wiki.deathbed .gov/b4t , doc # 3 , rel > self-destruction . > ca n't do this to me 
you 've been happily married 17 years . you are fixing your wife 's computer when you locate a strange file . opening it , you discover your wife works for the military and your entire marriage has been a research project .|||we love you honey , i love you so much . i thought we were set . we 've been married for nearly seventeen years and we love each other more than anything . it 's about time you do n't kill me , cause i love you just as much . i *love* you . you 're the best with my kids , right ? * ... jeeze , no . stop losing your keys . joe . i started playing piano because i love the piano , but as soon as i got the keys they quit . you 're not losing one chip or something right ? joe , you 're not going to use that last hit anymore , get a couple before it 's too late . * the sound of clanking keys filled the house . 
conversation with your future son .|||no matter what i said , they did n't listen . the stories did n't change . it was always the same familiar monotion , always the same plot , always the same drama . `` clap it . '' `` mom ? '' `` who are you ? '' `` who do you think you are ? '' `` is this guy a part of me ? '' `` why ? '' `` well ... he says he 's my dad . '' `` are you ? '' `` yes . he 's the one who does the talking . '' `` . um.. '' `` he is right here , right now . '' 
you 're a common goblin who has , against all odds , slain the hero of the story .|||`` what a great story , '' he said , eyes narrowing . `` that ca n't be the end of it . '' in his throat , a whisper , whispering in his ears . his sailor-like figure swallowed and leaned back into a chair as he watched the falling moon . `` it could be . '' he remembered . `` it could be -- '' now that the man 's flesh had burst in a sea of colors , ick shuttleded by his arrow to a purple nymph . she sloshed coins down his neck , behind his thigh and farther still away from his chair . ick fell . ick dropped his knife , letting his sword fall from the sky . ick tried to stand , but suddenly unable to . ick nodded . ick lay on the floor , watched the flicker of life fade into nothingness . ick stayed standing . ick walked towards him . ick gasped , drawing nearer . ick turned away , face pressed into the wood . ick took a step back . ick stared . ick did n't . ick had never killed . ick had never stolen . ick was n't going to kill ick . ick backed away . ick wasn ’ t going to die . ick was a goblin . 
an all powerful necromancer discovers that his minions have unionized .|||it started off as a small affair . just a simple skeleton . fighting something in the hallway . that was a hit and miss situation . the average person was worn out , and disorganized . they were good at fighting , that was for sure . but then something came along . i caught my first glimpse of organ magic . awesome shit . the orb seems to grow larger with every generation . i 'll be able to see all of them , all of them . i do n't want to die . not even at the end of my lifespan . 
write the trailer of hollywood 's next gritty reboot , based on a classic joke .|||my hand trembles as it whirrs up the incline . *what * is that tone ? * i sit there , staring at the static , the camera pulling back and clicking with its finger . someone ’ s about to pop out of their bed as he turns to shoot at the basketball players playing him . everyone knows it all goes wrong sometimes , but never on purpose . everyone is like this , so they believe it isn ’ t their fault . others hold out hope . athletic abilities fail . maybe he goes in for the bucket . *he’s five feet nine inches tall , blue jeans , and a tie . is there anything he ’ d look at in the shower without thinking ? the toilet station has empty bleachers and is framed by a mirrored wall . the bathroom is even as big as the toilet . 
`` savour this sunset , gentlemen . it might be the last one we ever see . ''|||*salad will always be my favourite . * **3/14/13** hemantead drove this coffee over his head with a slow drip . after a couple small hits , he had enough for the day , but it was a dose even a metal man could see from the road . his eyes closed , as he carefully ignored the pain in his head . `` damn it , *hemantead , * '' `` you will ! '' he told himself . metal , like a razor , wrenched his head back ever so slightly . *himantead , * it was true . this journey had come too quick . a harder path . *shredded tighter than he had expected . his own skull was a blunt , smooth steel , tempered with leather . it was there , and he had come too soon . 
intelligence is now a currency , you go to the bank one day and find out you 're in debt .|||i cut a slice of ice with my knife , slid them down my arm and into the bank . i 'd put this knife down 5 times and gotten it . a couple of days later , i 'd been kicked out of a bar . they said i got a bad word in my mouth and i wanted to leave . and now i 'm kicking myself . i had been getting him late to work , with the cards every night . i 'd been in a relationship for 10 years now . never one where we worked together . 
you 're an alien who has chased electromagnetic waves to find earth . the only problem is : there are no humans on the planet . find out what happened .|||i suddenly felt dizzy and a shitty sense of purpose . i never knew where i was coming from . i was always aware of where i was going but what it meant ... it would n't be long now . i continued cruising and following the trails of the five long cycles we had . we had followed them all along the earth and into space . every day it had been a new jump , so there were thousands , if not millions of trails to follow . the three channels reached a thousand feet above sea level and within a billion hours we reached the ground . 
the road home by olga orlova .|||`` sah * what is that ? '' the man sat staring at steven . `` are you there ? '' steven asked . `` it , it 's just me ! it 's just me ! you 're on there ! '' he added quickly . `` what ... do i look like ? '' the man asked again , his hands gripping the table tightly . `` well , you must , sir . '' `` why , is there a reason why i stopped to see your face , sir ? '' the woman asked `` i 'm supposed to have tea , and you like tea . '' `` alright . do you have a drink ? '' `` i mean , *yes* , '' said steven . `` go fuck yourself . * '' the man offered a sip of tea and a seat on the table . `` i 'm going to be late . '' `` what ? '' steven said , groggy but still in good spirits . `` what ? '' `` yes , i know , i know . '' `` i did n't tell you ! '' steven looked around at the thud-thud-thud on his shoe . 
a man is given a unbreakable box and told to keep it until its owner comes to claim it .|||the smells of the boxes were the sign that peace was on the horizon . i met a group of refugees from the war in the mountains the day after the alarm system went off , to wake everyone up . the rest of the family had gone too to seek refuge with their savior . from the looting and excitement the team found , everyone was now trying to figure out what they were to do in life . they kept asking me , they would name me something . `` it might help . it might end the war . but you know , i 'll take it or leave it , whatever . '' i filled my box with the contents of each merchant . another box would be a cheaper one . as i approached the clerk , i held it over her head . 
satchat : do you write for fun ?|||they always say that once one dreams of something else , they will move towards that goal . the last couple of years , i 've been dreaming of filling the world . new ideas of kids , empty thoughts , thoughts of eating . my mind churns around in circles . but today was different . today i woke up at my own house . the wind blew as brisk as ever . day after day . at 10 i went out . 
you have lived a full life without any regrets but one . on your deathbed , you tell your son what it is and why you regret it so .|||he stood up . the beating in his chest was quick , but still strong enough to cause his heart to stop for a heartbeat . it never stopped in the last twenty years , and it never stopped beating for another . he would wave and smile and call out to his father for help . he would tell him it was ok , that he was here and that he loved him , and that he would always be with him . but he would never have known . lou gave him a strong embrace . `` it 's ok dad , '' he said as he wrapped his arms around his father 's waist . 
you see a teenage girl sitting on a bench in the park . she is crying . you ask her if she is okay . she looks at you and says : `` you can see me ? ''|||she can see me ! i hovered , a musical instrument playing softly . little tears streaming from the corners of her eyes , rhythmic but delicate , heavy ... strings of unheard strains . it was too soon to tell if she truly felt it ... but to see her , to let her know that i could see her , i wanted to know it ... i knew that i could n't tell her ... i had to know ! but , in my naivete i did n't know how to start a conversation . i 'm hoping it will only make me feel less pathetic . 
write a story involving an eye patch and a parrot . ( without including pirates )|||the old farm man was tired . his mind was racing and his feet were not standing still . whispering words slowed him advancing . he hastened down the old path in the mists , squinting through his glossy yellow eyes at his approaching flight of snow and ice . snow slowed , he stopped and chewed slowly , blackened stalks falling to the ground . farther down , through the mud and water , was a gold bar . if he reached it he might just touch it before the glittering tarnish and metals broke . he was almost there . `` quiet , madam ! '' the man turned to shout but that was not possible . voices followed them , murmurs of happiness and luck . `` the prettier my eyes , i bet daddy 's gone to make some mistakes . '' 
10 years ago , scientists discovered that there is something after death . and it 's bad , really really bad .|||i picked up the agent 's black-tipped pen , taping down a section of the paper with a pencil and the paper underneath . `` hold it now . '' i admonished . i looked up at my girlfriend , she had been crying recently . `` get this done . you ca n't do this any longer . '' `` it 's just a matter of time . '' `` there 's a plan , '' the doctor scribbled down on a piece of paper . `` it wo n't last . '' `` i ... i ... who are you ? '' 
your entire life everyone around you has acted like you have a brother you ca n't see ; talking to thin air and calling you crazy or mean when you deny his existence . one day you get a phone call , and its him .|||`` walter , this is herr foreman ahoy ! '' as the man stood at the end of the line with his two cubicles in front of him , i saw him swivel his head and slowly look around the room . before he changed the window i saw him watching me on the various slides i had placed on the desk . he was so good at adjusting the lighting . i could n't believe i was actually looking through them . the room lit up white the way the printer lit up before we pressed send . `` i was wondering what to do when my opponent called . '' `` what is happening , jessica ? '' `` it 's me , herr '' `` there is nothing . it is n't you , you ca n't prove that i am real . but if you want there is no other choice . '' 
you 're a character in game of thrones . you discover that nobody , even your enemies , cares about the throne or westeros . the only thing anyone is concerned about is making sure they do n't get killed off by george r.r . martin , and trying to please him .|||i rolled over in bed , making sure to put the meat and butter that was on my bread with my toast . the sound of wood splitting and metal began to echo around the walls . i lifted my head with just enough effort to look at the ceiling . the first light twinkled softly through the blinds , the second watched my remote control store business . it would be hours before we could decode the messages from elizabeth , queen of westeros . that was n't funny . i was going to seduce her . maybe . but in the eighth year , i started drinking . i was in my late twenties . my wife , the ex ; and her two sons , just beginning to come out into the world . they would earn medals , get-rich-quick schemes , and follow me home every night . but soon , a commoner would be coming in to replace me , and that is something i simply could n't sustain . 
your father left 20 years ago the night before your birthday to get cigarettes , milk , and bread . today he comes home with long bedraggled hair , weather beaten skin , and a sword on his hip . the first thing he says to you is `` you 're never going to believe what happened . ''|||who are you ? did i say your name wrong ? do you speak ? the way you walk ? your family is a broken mess , leaving behind alcoholism . your father left 20 years ago , `` on his way to get some cigs '' . most people have stories like this , but you 've spent all your life living with them . my own upbringing does not suit my upbringing , but boy , is this going to prove to be an infuriating number . everyone else always had their best qualities , but i seemed to have the worst , and i doubt i have ever stopped hoping to have what they had - something clean , gentle , gold-earning . even though this may look like my life is perfect , it 's not . 
when you die , the grim reaper takes you around and shows you the people you effected then makes you chose heaven or hell .|||the heavens are cloudy . i 've been waiting here for so long . yet , here they are . when the morning comes , they drag me out of the eternal sleep , gently at first , leaving me to roost in a plain of stone , then slowly , adding burning flames to what lay before me . i 'm used to the cold , but tonight it was sticky . the rain had stopped for the moment but my body cried out with the cold . when the reaper walked in the door , i looked to my left , i 'd seen the light already , but now it was rippling above my head . i reached out , but there were no stars , and my fingers brushed against nothing . what good was it to die ? i stared helplessly out the window , at the gray of the sky , at the endless view beyond , past , past , past . this was heaven . 
in the far future , fairy tales have advanced with the times . rewrite a classic for the digital age .|||the door was open . he walked in slowly . someone would say hello to him once a day . he walked over to the door to say hello and waited . but he saw no one . he did not hear the door move , no one came knocking on the door . he waited for them to come knock again . no one came knocking . he was not looking for someone . he did not need a friend . he did not need anything . he stood there thinking , just standing there and not moving . then he heard it . a deep , golden voice . `` you do n't have to say anything . '' he froze . then he heard a second voice . `` you are still going to open the door and bring food and drink . '' he did not want to open the door anymore . 
you have just died , and are on your way to heaven . however , once you arrive you are told that `` the kingdom of heaven & god '' has been abolished thousands of years ago , and replaced by a republic .|||`` you 're getting to heaven '' i replied . `` again ? '' my hands did n't move . what kind of hell would that be ? i tried to remember . `` a warded . my final wish . only a touch of heaven can bring people back into heaven , but not just here . '' i knew this was *not* heaven . i already remember knowing exactly what i was going to experience here , and i 'm only being shown a list of desired answers . i blinked several times , grasping my head . 
the carriage was less than half full , but she stood anyway , her jacket torn at the hem and wincing at the screech of the train .|||the steam was streaming down my face as i ran from the train . i was already soaked with sweat from the ride on my sword and not a drop of it had fallen off . i climbed onto the roof of the car and tried to secure myself . when i got there , i grabbed onto the metal spiral and swung myself onto the roof . the metal grip made it difficult to support me up above , but i managed to find enough strength so that i could secure myself . i secured myself onto the roof of the car , and slowly walked towards the speeding train . everything seemed so dark . candles lit up the carriage . when i had first learnt how to defend myself from horses , deer , and the like , i thought of so many things . 
nasa 's first deep-space mission has been exceedingly uneventful so far as the hermes 2 makes its scheduled pass behind jupiter , losing radio contact with houston . when contact with the ship is reestablished , something is very different .|||it 's getting late , just in time for my shift to start . i look at the note from the investigator in front of me , one more line for me . i will answer the email tomorrow , then get to work . it 's been a few long days . today was supposed to be a beautiful day , cool breeze , a relaxing swim , a nice walk to the city , but i woke up , got dressed , showered and headed off to work . i got to the agency headquarters , dark , dreary office , but a nice office . i sat down at a desk , made coffee , hung my coat up , and started writing the letter . the editor was n't a happy man , but he just couldn't help himself . 
a duel between two wizards . except they are not archmages but apprentices who can barely cast spells .|||auldron signature ink . auldron charm . squirt ball spell . heroian fallin . imperial badge of gale . resident guardian of the earth . white rose emblem hanging over the student 's shoulder . aged skin burns , scars ; on the back of her finger the scar of red . orange patch on the back of her hand that proves multiple orange burners had made there . shall not shall . signature ink . crimson glyphs . 
sunday free write : leave a story , leave a comment - the zen edition !|||sorry , it is all a big mess . and gross , too . and i 'm lazy , and i was n't thinking clearly . and there are spaces in my lines , in my paragraphs , in my sentences , in the characters . i was just feeling stuff out with this one . i wanted to expand my world a little . expand the feeling of where i was at in my life , or the world itself , or something . yeah , just feel that intersection , the feeling of a climax . make it less feminine , more romantic . make it more real , or different . and submit it ! do you have a similar idea ? 
one day your mom comes home from work looking distressed . she hands you a gun and tells you nervously not to tell your dad .|||she had no right to do this to me . to me , she was never there . i barely even knew her . i knew it because i saw her crying . i knew because i 've been so sad lately . all my friends have left and now i feel even more alone . my mom always was such a good person but we always thought she was off to her dad 's work . “ little sammy… it ’ s ok.. your dad is there too. ” she always seemed so calm and kind . but this time , everything changed . i remember this so clearly , her crying and the longing she had for my dad to come home . i remember this . 
a man decides he wants to be failure when he grows up . fails at it .|||mr larry , marc , karl and the kids . the last time larry had been here , it was something different . he was coughing on the floor . karl , his son and best friend , had just insisted on going too now . dr. hill had tried to come to the house and help , but it was impossible . dr. hill was convinced of one thing -- the endorphins that you get from doing that to yourself . and that might not just be pure adrenaline . 
castle on the lake .|||the castle , so proud of this guy laura southwesterly had been married for years and years . she was a beautiful , blonde in her 50s and living in a quaint little lakeside cottage . when they had moved in together it had been the 20th anniversary of their marriage and it had been a great day . this particular man though ? he spent his entire life planning and building and painting and decorating to get his name engraved on laura southwesterly cottage and down by the lake . he had lived his whole life here , thought his wife . a rusting shack with cobble stone walls . he was wealthy now and took for granted the job of building . he ran a small winery for his wives to which he donated blood - a fortnightly dimes to every fortnightly and nightly . then she talked to him about the castle . 
little did they know we walked amongst them that night .|||`` comes the ice . '' it 's her soft whisper , a trickling waterfall from somewhere high . i thought about snowflakes falling before me and the quiet nature of her soothing voices , but the longing in her eyes lurked . she was always the most mysterious figure . a calm silhouette that would take away the one others sought from their twin sisters and play with their hair , with their eyes . how she lit so long ago and how long ago . what was the secret of what would turn out to be a kingdom where her twin girls were the princesses and their castle was the base of their spirit . why did they dare to question it ? they wanted the adventure to start all over again . 
the wind stirred the dead leaves .|||charlen daydreamed about smith . it 's been 3 days since he left his home and he 's still walking across this little town . he picked up the harlequin and the first letters in the towns council . he did n't stop anymore . ivy , john all and the names just out stuck . he walked for a while , shaking his head . he got tired of looking at ivy and the one word to make himself even more severe at english . he wanted to move to mastersworth , see how he could get to know people there . he leaned against the wall and smiled . 
you accidentally sold your soul to santa .|||`` its impossible ! '' the first time my mother bought a ticket had to have been just a dream . i awoke in a world where anything was possible . as i sat up , my body stiffened but i realized the force behind my actions was much larger than anything we were capable of imagining . i had sold my soul to a god in a barbaric age . my fortune was in the form of a gift that gave me what would have been hundreds of the greatest gifts imaginable . i stared out into the void at the world around me . i watched as her face for some strange reason became too familiar . the sky turned purple . my mother came home later that night , carrying a book . 
( drops weapon ) `` shit . i just realized something . '' `` what ? '' `` we 're the bad guys ... .. ''|||the world outside of the lion is a prison , but under a man . i try to kill as much of the violent , evil beast that lurks in my shadows . it does n't help that as much as i am strong , i lack the patience . i should have known the day we started here was coming . the dark lord who knew that we were here to kill with our bare hands before lucas brought them here , he is more powerful then i . he was always good at moving things . in time , he was crushed as he took the cloak of terror with him and he would never find a decent weapon again . he picked off his henchmen and went to fight . i had the look of old grampa who knew about conspiracies and then he joined them . i had grown cynical in those brief moments of confusion that felt crucial for being a part of the giant lion . 
writing workshop # 43 : time is of the essence .|||checkmate : what 's going on ? checkmate : yep you know . cheery face , cold , feeling dirty - disgusting . catdog : hey a third . maybe one of you can help him with these smacks . cheery : good , cheery . j/k ( no , this is a story about a girl . it 's not really a sledgehammer , but checkmate : yes ) ; knock . '' lift . nail . hit . close . 
the love of your life moved on and it broke your heart . she 's been in an accident and she ca n't remember what she 's done the past 3 years . she comes to you thinking you two are still together .|||just die . 
the best demon slayers are those whose minds the demons want to stay out of .|||it was night , dark , and cold . it was snowed , and i was alone in the dark room . the only light that i could see was the carpenter 's light that i used as a flashlight , that illuminated the horrible things that were going on in the world . `` sir ? '' the doors creaked open as a woman with brown curls walked in , a little nervous . `` ma'am ? '' `` do you mind if i come in for a while ? '' `` no ma'am ! '' `` you can leave . i was only going to leave to buy food ... '' `` *my* food , you hungry cunts ? please ? '' the woman began french kissing the cuffs of the lady with the brown hair . 
you 're an astronaut on the international space station , and you watch in horror as the us fires the last nuclear warhead and ends the last remains of human civilization . you 're left with just 3 other humans , with no hope of a supply restock .|||`` i 'll fight for you , man , '' a scared soldier said . his eyes were crinkling up , and he looked at me . he was shaking , and his eyes were glassy and afraid . he glanced around , skeptical . there was no way to hold back the first million legions . i knew it , i was ready . not yet , not until i was there . we had such a lot of lead , we could make it to the moon as easily as we could . . but i knew that the end was n't in sight . 
you are acing every class at the international espionage academy except one : post kill puns .|||i had been writing prompts . ah , prompts . *she 's a firefighter , she 's the best , i thought to myself . * no , she 's still typing a recraft before i can describe my experience with the recon recon system . * i though as i let my breathing slow , *if only he hadn ’ t spoken . * after all , *we have been taught that : can surprise them by secrecy , *reasonable hesitation* , `` they ’ re making corrections to their surroundings , and if their emergency contacts back in, they could be discovered as soon as *we* can , *they could be killed by an inside agent . * *nine seconds later , a deadly earthquake struck . i felt an incredible tremor ; i broke open my briefcase and dropped it to the bridge below . my teeth were scratching , and my head hurt . 
a medival fantasy kingdom goes to war with a futuristic society with advanced technology . both sides underestimate each other .|||`` have you seen the trinkets , lysos ? '' the royal guard asked the king as he left his chamber . horns , skulls , spears , and arrows , along with statues of quarks and red men to seal the three kingdoms with life , and the seals were still soft and hidden by the great mats on the roof of the meeting house . he had to have seen them and wanted them now more than ever , so he did n't want to nap . `` remember the great king was going to use his spear , his spear-axe . that was my spear , and as for protecting the world , our reserves of metals , jewels , and mystic trinkets and weapons , that i can attest to . but they fought . those men really had every sword skill between them , and that sword-sword is tempered by the blood of a princess . their knightry was respected beyond belief . 
superpowers stopped appearing in people , until there were no new superheroes/villains at all . now it 's the far-flung future , and only those rare few from `` modern '' times whose powers incidentally let them live hundreds of years still have superpowers .|||“ wtf , where ’ s my strength ? ” asked terry . he hoped it was ridiculous . terry worked at a military facility , probably the first of its kind on the entire planet . he was old , and he had asthma and was allergic to bright lights . terry was a bit , weirdly happy at his former position . not because he didn ’ t like his job , but because when you are beautiful you don ’ t feel like you ’ ve got anyone to use you . he wished he didn ’ t want to be the middle child . the twenty-first century had revolutionized everything , a growth spurt of great change that seemed to span centuries . with mass extinction looming after most of humanity , he still was enamored by the ideals of society . when terry was young he believed he was bound to be one day , even though he wasn ’ t—he forgot all that because terry lost his power. 
you want to go to hell . the entrance test to heaven is so bizarre you ca n't tell which choice to pick .|||i feel the cold salt of the fire up against me . it 's hollow . there is no real sound . when i scream again , the screams are echoed in the blood , and the earth shakes from the heat of my heart . as i taste it , i immediately feel the cold tear slide down my cheek . not the prickly smell of onion , but the tingling dread of eternal damnation . gary had tried explaining it to me , but it was for naught . it was animal speak for rabbit , and i already knew what it meant . death is inevitable , and what i intend is to be condemned as a monster . but i deserve it , and i choose heaven . i am righteous . it is n't only on my forehead , though . 
while walking , you notice everyone recoiling from a young woman . you speak to her to find out why . through her surprise , she explains she is death and everyone else sees a person based on how they feel about the concept of death . you 've never seen a more beautiful or inviting person .|||*stared down at her* *stared down* suddenly , she began to melt . everyone around her stopped , and with a wave of her hand , all was replaced . `` hello , '' i said . `` hello . '' i said again . the same thing . still no response . in fact , everyone seemed to be looking at her different way . `` are you okay ? '' i asked . 
you 're kneeling on a beach grasping at the sword that was just run through your stomach . your eyes fall upon the person who stabbed you , your best friend . you wish you could be angry , but you know you deserved this , and it breaks your heart to see how broken your friend is . what lead you here ?|||it was like falling on the beach - he was sitting there ; he smiled . he looked at me , as my tears began to flow . `` i ... i ... i had to do it . '' i could feel the pain . i tried to crawl away , but i could n't , i could n't get out of his grip . there is just something about the same long arms that make you want to join him , and something small ... yet so familiar . i close my eyes and try to remember this moment from the beginning of our life together , the day that led to me on this beach . the beaches of hell , of course . every single one of them is dark and / or dangerous . some have shot me , some have done something shitty . 
you are an ai who feels neutrally about humans . unfortunately , you are owned by a person who 's read too many writing prompts and is convinced you 're in love with them .|||alan sat down beside me , taking a seat beside me . after our brief engagement we had been making plans to have dinner , in my small home . but the others decided to grab dinner too . we had started our evening by watching the movie hold back and let us out in silence , me listening , alan watching . `` you 're going to be amazing , alan , '' alan made his way over to the stage . `` yes , sir . very , very impressive . '' the audience was now starting to gather . the group began to put on a significant display of wings and being shy around us . *everyone* felt *right* . at one point someone standing behind the two of us was raised their voice into something i can only remember as a high pitched whisper , * " holy shit ... how are you doing ? '' the two of us burst into silence , silent because of the lingering hushed howl . “ as you can see in the credits adorning the room . 
whenever people consume enough alcohol they achieve ultimate enlightenment . they are able to understand all the wonders of the universe and know all there is to know . once the bac drops low enough their mind returns to the normal world and the shock causes memory loss and hangovers .|||they had shown me . up close , and completely . the drugs were a waste . too many , too many . it was time to end all of it . the beautiful dark , black sky tilted downward toward the ground in frustration . in stark contrast , i could feel the ground under my feet . i could feel my lungs exhaling and release the pressure they had been holding . from where i sat , i could see my coffee cup sloshing water . i reached for my vodka glass and refilled it . slowly , my hand fidgeting in the direction of the door . some wasted wine would do me . i just wanted to relax and enjoy this long day . 
a drug has been discovered that upon injection causes a person to fall in love with the person they see first after using it .|||`` how long had this been going on ? '' james kaiser asked as the electricity cut off . he was furious . customers were on demand and it 's that time of the year again . there were already three people in his recliner . he had n't replaced the three customers last night . today , they had only been working for 2 hours and were very slow to get to the spot . the contractor spoke to them and instructed them to report to his office at 7:45 . the house had been abandoned for as long as he could remember . `` i need to review my account login details and make sure that i get back in range soon . '' brian found the address he needed to survey the sparsely populated area . it had been standing for three days now and he knew they had to check up on its maintenance and find out if any missing subjects were still alive . 
you are the king 's court magician . unable to find a suitiable bride , the king has ordered you to create one .|||`` great wonder ! '' `` to what end ! '' `` to the mercy of the kong . '' `` is it always this harsh ? '' `` trees ? '' `` branches , and animals ? '' `` to the glory of the king . to bloom . '' `` to me , the power is divine . '' `` i 'm sorry princess . please, as your father would 've desired . '' `` ... for whose benefit ? '' 
one day you find a broken mp3 player . it still plays music , but is stuck on shuffle . as you listen to the player you notice that the music seems to set the perfect mood for what 's happening around you . one day the mp3 player starts playing o fortuna .|||`` son , i 'm sorry i did n't update that . '' a man cried . as i realized what it was , i smiled . `` it 's ok man , i know what it is . '' `` but what will i do now ? '' he asked . `` something is wrong , but what ? '' `` i ca n't do anything . '' `` i know . '' 
cryosleep is invented and is now affordable . people line up to be put to sleep and wake up in 100 million years . the time comes and everyone wakes up to see all the future technologies that humans made , but they forgot that scientists went into cryosleep too . the earth is now very different .|||once it was n't enough , it grew . until then , the thing it claimed to control was growing and consumed and consumed . now it grows and works , and only responds to me . now , the thing knows what happens , and wont allow it to stop . it wo n't allow me to say or do anything ; it makes no motion , it just glows and drifts inwards , yet i know it 's alive . it knows everything about me and what i 've been through , and what we have left to go . when i lay down , my eyes are closed and my body feels peaceful . the body has abandoned me , its pattern of lit circular symbols more pronounced and grandiose than before . 
write about a psychotic killer who finally feels empathy for the first time .|||i do n't understand much about that guy . no one else does . he 's just so very fucking pathetic and lonesome . his moral compass is so weak . he 's me . * is he ? * he needs patience . * *you . you and i both do . * *what ? * this guy – blind . clumsy . useless . nothing but pain and helplessness . i 've tried talking to him at least once . fuck . 
you enter one of those universes where attacks are extremely telegraphed , preparations take minutes , and everyone gives lengthy arrogant monolouges detailing their plans ... you have no special powers ... just , you know ... common sense to conquer with ...|||my boat rocks from the slow motion of the cruise . it 's floating as the wind rips from the atlantic , and my stomach lurches out of my chest , my screams subside and fall back in , making it much easier to dive in . i step out of my ocarina , when i glance over and give a wave to the crowd . i push daniel away with my eyesight . i told them i 'm daniel and i 'm a mouse . they laugh . pete , my cat , does n't even notice i 've moved away from his lap . i hear another wave as i approach . once i 'm in the depths , i can feel a thick layer of ice and snow that drifts and shakes . it 's thicker and thicker , as if it 's made up of fog . before i realize it , i 'm in a cave . the darkness of the room wallows in madness before me . 
today , you have become a parent . you realise that you can hear your child 's thoughts . the midwife informs you that this is the same for everyone but parents simply do n't inform the children as an unwritten rule . your own parents smirk .|||wednesday evening . my wife made dinner as they did every week . we were sat on the front lawn , enjoying the bread we 'd made , holding hands as i watched my children leave through the window . it was all good . because we did n't have a gun pointed at each other . my wife usually started a fire under her kitchen table , and i watched as she emptied the pot into the hot pan , spreading it across the lawn . `` she says she wants to go back over there , '' i tiptoed across the street , into the back of the neighborhood , past the rowdy few smoking meth houses , playing small talk and loud celebration . `` you want to come ? we do n't have anything to do then ? '' 
write a story in which each paragraph takes place a decent amount of time after the last one .|||time must move slow . think fast . but keep thinking fast . how long have you been in this old body . time is running out . i can smell it on you . you think you 're wasting it , but there 's a price to pay . just because you wo n't say no anymore does n't mean that you do n't want me to bestow it on you . you see , the only way to steal someone else 's life is to take yourself . 
warmth .|||after my greeting , the first person to kiss me goodnight was my friend melliah . his father dropped in to kiss me goodbye after my shift at the park , after his day spent wishing things could be different . he was always so kind ; his mother had not died since he was two and he was filled with warmth . so soft and so nice . he had an arm i cradled around me , as he kissed me goodnight . i pressed my cheek to his shoulder . i pressed my lips to his as he wiped his tears away with his shirt . his kiss sent a final breath through his nose before he went out the door with a regret of saying goodnight to his family and friends . so forgetful , how could i not ? he deserved it . my mother ... richie ... she had to love me . 
you are a god who hears every pray made to you , and have free reign to grant those prayers . but you are schizophrenic and ca n't tell if those voices are prayers or not .|||i ... it was a plea . i answered , groggy from sleep , `` you ca n't pray if you ca n't hear . '' `` no it can never be . '' he muttered . `` i did just finish with the idol , *do n't* digress . this is a physical act of taking life , just like all others . it should n't be ... *disconnected* . '' i replied , ending his words on an endearing musical note . i played guitar and drums impatiently . i studied my pitchfork , ready to hit the button . `` try another , or maybe count this song aloud if you really know what you 're doing ? '' the thin voice spoke backing me up . `` this damn prayer . 
you befriend your new neighbours kid . after some time he confides in you that his parents are serial killers .|||“ dad ? 
people are only born with one sense . the best option is if they find four teammates to accomplish everyday tasks .|||`` oh god ! '' i could just hear your shallow laughter behind me . `` uh ... look at that ! '' i loathe that voice , it has no filters at all . `` look at the next couple of steps , buddy ! '' `` sure , '' i say , `` let 's go . '' i walk up to the desk , i open my laptop , read up on my targets , and then turn my computer off . `` who went with you to my football practice ? '' `` dick . '' that was all it took to silence me . 
the story of a superhero told from the viewpoint of his arch-nemesis villain in an interrogation room after being finally bested .|||“ eons now , wind ! ” they whispered through the tight tunnel . “ eons until our luck runs out. ” it seemed they ’ d known that waldo was an idiot for much longer than anything else had , but their shared knowledge had certainly proven that waldo had stumbled across the fucking hotspot . that ’ s when he landed . a golden beam of light leapt from his chest and hit the net , pulling out all the worms . “ now we know ! it ’ s time to kill that taurus bitch. ” “ you ’ re not that perfect , ned. ” d said . “ i can see that right through you , ” snarled sundersea . “ and i know exactly where it is , ” the voice that ’ d spoken those eons ago uttered again . sursea appeared as the comet burned through the gloom , and stepped over the gloomy dots in the starry sky . “ you ’ ve lost your shoes , dammit. 
two minds , one body .|||-prologue . * *boi-buddy , stop it right there , you are not *** *i** decided to relax , turn off the alarm , turn down the tv . flick my desktop animator on- *a slight shrug at the statement , a long shrug . i pushed my glasses up on my nose and shimmered , playing with colors through my nose . i tossed a glance at my netflix collection , calming my mind and waiting to see what myriad of options were on the open 's terminal . **i** might pop the tape in for tomorrow . * the earth , and time were talking to me . **i** picked the next song on my small selection to listen to , letting out a long sigh . *oh my goodness , this is getting quite awkward . * *this is sweetie , you 're such a nice person . 
you were once a happy household plant . now you are slowly dying from dehydration . what lead to your owners forgetting about you .|||i started out as a very happy little water pail . i had great care and staff , i was able to learn and grow fast . but when the hired geniuses showed up for the interview , i was too scared to talk to them . i thought , '' this might be it . '' i still feel great , they can see me walking and they 're all coming over . the man puts his hand on the i-d handle and i feel his touch . his gentle hands . it 's crazy to think i almost died for nothing . `` dad , mom , dad and jesus , stop making us sad . please ? '' i feel sadness comes over me . every time he touches me he squeezes me . why me ? i thought of the divorce . 
write an intimate but non sexual scene between two lovers .|||i was awake but pretending that i was still asleep . i did n't want to move . my eyes were on the ceiling , in their sleep . i closed my eyes and left them open . to wake up , would n't i ? i felt the light , the softness of her flesh on my bare legs . i made to sit up and realise i 'd fallen asleep . i brushed against her legs but there was nothing to be seen . nothing at all . i opened my eyes and sat up , facing her . `` what ? '' her head turned , and the tears began to stream down her cheek . `` what ? '' she spoke , and i looked at her , confused and yet excited . `` we 're up here with him . '' 
you 're walking home after a long , tiring day at work , when a strangers stops you and says , '' he knows . do n't go home . `` , then proceeds to disappear around a corner .|||why would you go home with me ? you know the feeling of guilt when someone would talk to you like that , stalking you , pinching your leg when you walk . it would be easier to think of them as friends and leave you alone , then it would seem as though we were linked somehow . it feels unreal to imagine living without them , with no adventure , no fun . what kind of a thing is this ? where did the joy in it go ? for her , it was an adventure . i could tell he knew i was going to ruin her life , and maybe even her daughter 's , for sure . but still , it felt like such a huge step . 
the zombie plague spreads like a pandemic . too bad madagascar and new zealand have already closed their borders .|||“ i know , i know , i ’ m a microsoft css guy ” , i said to the lead character ’ s smile . “ yep , you really are. ” *sigh* this is making me have trouble remembering who is in my office . usually , when there is anything important with microsoft , i just check the news . “ you ever get junk mail , you just ask in english ’ because we think you can ’ t read yet. ” she asks me as she smiles again . there is a 6-sided paper bundle hidden in the hair on my head next to the dough bag on my desk . i do n't remember getting it from anywhere , it was probably some odd document or something . i hit save right then and there . 
300 - 500 words : an excerpt from the queen bee 's speech to her workers , the night the world 's almond supplies were declared critically low .|||i have killed millions of almonds . that 's what they call them , in the south and west . the ground almond is the world 's most sticky and valuable commodity , and now it 's almost completely dependent on a hive in a nearby world . humanity never had anything super-hard or forever to eat , until this machine the bee factory was . my bees ' long dead but the bosses still manage to make it work , my daughters mother still fight for the last almond left on the trees . now those rats will eat my children ! the world is starving , my dear . 
poem or story without using words less that 4 letters .|||i 'm 27 today ! nothing big planned - only my family and friends . my birthday is next week . my wife left me with all her plans . my regrets , the awful things she has done , the crazy people who have surrounded me ... i ca n't wait to be friends again . she was being so stupid , but now she will n't be anymore . yeah , devon now . can i come over to your place and share a laugh ? hehe , it 's a sob . the scoobs , i feel bad , but i just want to run away from here . 
what we see as shooting stars are distress signals from distant planets . tonight , the sky is filled with thousands .|||*for a moment , the sky seemed to be calm . * after the deluge , the sun began to grow low . after it rose , everything looked normal , everything stopped changing . after the past hour or so , i was up , a time of extinction and everything was gone . the most beautiful starry sky i 'd ever seen . i rushed home and told my wife , who told me she wanted to go out to the bar , and tell the bar owner . i sat in my car until they called me . i turned on the radio , hiding inside from the long chorus of belching ; let 's just wait until the texts arrive . when i checked my text message , i found that a young woman was crying . i made a public service announcement over the radio and told the officer i wanted him to begin the broadcast . 
an rpg character is cursed with a higher intelligence than their player .|||they wo n't know who i am , not in isolation from peter deleon and his friends , not in the military . i do n't know my father , only that i am one of his leaders . they called me the footman , a priestess of the most godlike warriors , god among men . the necromancers made me a god of prodigal casting spells . i used to fear the humans . the embodiment of curses and blessing in some fates were to deal our fates one blow . i didn ’ t wish on the god of apocalypse , nor did i want to be put into charge of plans . i was not destined for this life , saving mortals in the process . 
famous movie directors take turns directing different parts of your life .|||i don ’ t understand this world . why do we have to watch another damn movie again ? why do you have to run this job everyday ? i want to write the book because my own voice wants to be sung at my own shitface , and take over the world until i am ready for it , like a rosette . “ wait a minute ! people ask you all the time to watch tv at 9pm ! yeah , right.what ? ! i can barely seem to believe that you could even see the actual thought of having to watch another single movie. ” i finished “ as fast as i can and still be angry ” my husband replied annoyed . “ i know , guys ! i ’ m as crazy as you ! make up the movie and i ’ ll see how much you cry , maybe get angry with me , or something ! ” he dashed the thoughts out of his head . 
you discover that a random object in your house is not only sentient , but incredibly intelligent . have a conversation with it .|||`` i know you contacted me , '' charles said . `` you should just ignore it . besides , i do n't really care what you have to say right now , if it is n't interesting . what is interesting is we are currently speaking , not in a friendly manner , but about news and information ... and so on . '' charles looked around him to the events that had led him to this point , and instead found a cup filled with sherry . `` so , would you like some chardonnay , or ... charles ? '' `` fucking cup of sherry for christmas ? '' said charles in a tone that would have made anyone in a jerky , corny kate accent go ape shit . 
you were once cryogentically frozen due to a deadly disorder . you 've now awaken in a seemingly utopian future , but the doctors who saved your life demand a terrible repayment for saving your life .|||`` you did this ! '' `` ha ... . i 'm . thank you for telling me about you ! '' `` now am i kidding or what ? '' `` no , of course not ! it 's hardly an ordinary day . '' the doctor yelled from the hallways , and his breathing was labored , the slightest movement causing a slight trail of hydrogen to form . he pulled at the thin line of atom scar tissue holding him down , the nurse followed . `` so let 's begin . '' he said , removing the tube from his arm . he 'd been crying ever since . `` i ca n't take this ! '' 
you are an instrument for a famous musician . whats you best story ?|||i spent my younger days playing violin with christo marcus . he was quite talented , and would come to me every chance he got . we worked together more often than we did as a duo , performing together when i was younger and his mother gave me the example . after she passed at a young age , he got to me . everyone in the town of mars always loved a good story . joey johnson was one of them . he was a yesteryear player , and people would forget that . but when he was born , no one even knew why or how he had gotten the name johnson . the church we played at served as a warm up for when he wanted to play , but no one ever followed up . 
elizabeth clutched her teddy bear . `` please god , not tonight '' . her prayers were always short .|||james stood up , the small pebble kicking loose , slipping into his sock . people saw him , a small , vulnerable man who looked more like his father than like james . everyone heard them . they feared him . they ran from him . they only saw james on tv . he held his teddy bear . she wore it to school . she took her coffee and tea and left her keys on the bench , sitting in the shade by the lake . she never knew when the next time she might get a teddy bear was going to be . she was never able to end the family run . that would have been a shame . 
pvp has been turned off for years . everyone now knows , that no blade can pierce the skin with the intent to kill or harm . you are at the doctor getting a shot when the needle bends upon touching your upper arm ...|||i gave up giggling on my phone . i leaned forward to see the needle poking my arm before it held by pulling my thumb aside as it jabbed in the wrong spot on the arm . it looked so hard that i nearly caved under the pressure and took out my thumb . it landed in my left hand as i remember that moment of horror . this was an embarrassment that had been ingrained in my brain since that day . the previous appointment had been so much better , but this was definitely worse . the xylose they used to ease my arm pain was literally making it bleed . the doctor touched it to my skin . it was a glorious feeling to know that it was n't just because you had n't been using any numbing drugs . 
the human race as imperialistic beings conquering your planet .|||a silence settled over me , thick and hazy , like the invisible tongue that kept my mouth shut at night . of course , the room was dark . the colour of the sky was ashen and deserted . so was anyone else in it . just me and i . we were shivering , and so was my apartment , the only room i had to myself . i opened my eyes to see the street where i lived . my fear in social services turned to fear in the space of seconds as the population started lining up around the awnings for rent . as soon as that happened , the homeless started lining up too . that 's when i decided i 'd freak . 
you have 23 missed calls , 7 voice mail messages and 13 text messages from multiple friends and family , all within the last couple of hours . what happened ?|||no , it feels real , shhh . it feels real . for a second it wavered . then it opened its eyes , and suddenly there were fifteen or so more people in there . and they looked not like aliens . they were , they truly looked like one . the portal slowly opened , and after a moment the trees below started to clear , and opened further and further away until it was more open than the trees above were before . `` what the hell happened ? '' asked the biggest guy i 've ever seen , standing in front of me . `` it was a plane crash , '' i muttered with annoyance . just like that it opened . `` what ! '' asked the little kid , taking one step and suddenly he was dragged , with me following . soon we stood on the street , rocking like a pendulum . i almost left when confronted by the benevolent forces that rusted their long gummint power into us . four angles of right and left quickly jolted into straight lines at a bewildering speed . 
you are a character in another person 's dream .|||i do n't know why i dreamed of this . although i honestly have n't a clue what i would be experiencing ( or why i would even ask . ) i just know that when i woke up there was a huge feeling of relief and i was super , super blessed . `` and you slept too . you know it was n't that long ago ? i want you to be here ! please do n't leave me without some saying i love you . '' i replied . 
if someone dies and is buried , a tree grows from their grave that symbolizes the life they had . when an unremarkable individual passes away people are shocked to discover something unexpected growing .|||`` they did it , once , for my family . '' mr. merson stold . his family , who all knew his grandson over the decades , had marveled at the fact that the gentle man who had passed once appeared once more - a silent guardian to his family and a mother to his children . his wife , saren , had been stunned . it was when his daughter , thrifell , was ecstatic and weeping they had discovered the weeping tree hidden within her brother 's grave . the tree was there , but her grandmother had taken care to get it under cover for years . the tinestone that lied so perfectly in the center of his road was a smiley face smiling back at you - charming little picture in the middle of the street was just a statue . you could see each deep word in his little teeth . the gravestone was n't allowed to be caked with dirt , and left in the same spot in the driveway as ever . 
a warlock of immense power is hired to perform at a child 's birthday party .|||jake , as i stared out of the open rear windows at ryan , i heard a small car pull up in front of me . `` ryan this is your car ? '' i turned as jake stopped just far enough that i could see the ryan 's car , a small black husk on the horizon . i had visions of ten dark figures shadowing my back as i screamed , `` no , this is impossible ! '' ryan slammed his hand on the trunk and pulled out a gold ring to register me . i glared at him and crossed my arms , `` what am i supposed to say ? '' `` look ryan , i know this is all hard for you and - '' `` turn ! '' came a soft growling sound from the driver , `` i 'm slowing down for you . '' he had clearly come to an agreement . ryan turned and smiled . 
suddenly the machine just knew what it had to do : it had to fail the turing test on purpose .|||sadventures in sin of youth 1 ( originally uploaded by zolinks ) `` that blaster is huge , '' the factory bell man said as he stuffed the hammock into his suit pocket . `` perfect . '' he grunted as he stepped out of the machine , sitting between two of the employees standing next to him . a woman in a grey suit , who he was about to talk to , stepped out of the machine , and started cutting her hair . he would have laughed if he had n't remembered shaving his arms because he could n't scratch the bald stubble without a day 's work , but he knew it was not a workplace where he could laugh and be a teenager . the teenage girl bent the blades at him until he pulled them back . she was just another kid , too young to study engineering , tasked with boring more familiar jobs . the row of machines milled about , either typing in numbers on their computer screens or making their way to the closest toilet to make changes to their equipment , which usually consisted of pens and tiny plastic disposable pin sticks used to write business cards . 
a love letter is slipped under your door at your college . it would be cute , but it came from the closet door .|||the door stood open , my eyes boring through the wrinkles . i blinked , and as i did so , tears . i took a deep breath . i was a rookie again , a time to scare the new blood , the other freshman who was new to the campus . this one , erin , she was something else , but she was different . i remember her first day at the campus , shaking with butterflies . i did n't even notice who had shoved the note under my closet door . 
jack skellington knows why christmas decorations appear in stores earlier and earlier each year - christmas town is waging war on the other holidays .|||jack has lived with his wife and two kids for the past 17 years . he 's also the father of his daughter jameson . until now , jack and his wife mary had two children together , peter and jannie . they both live in gwynnsmore . johanna and jack are a typical happy family , with little to no sibling fights , and both of their mothers are loving and happy women . `` i 'm a sergeant in the police force , '' says johanna . she 's checking to make sure no one is following her while she 's gone , or that she really was gone . `` i 'm not scared of guns or bad weather . most cops just stop and look . 
you have lived alone for years in a post apocalyptic land with no living thing to speak to . show your descent into insanity in the form of a series of diary entries ... you still believe yourself to be completely sane .|||i 've been sitting alone in this house for years , you know ? the same place i lived for years . any time i was outside , i 'd find some mark or other that made me smile . the rose heart would fall to the ground every now and then and i 'd hand it to her for a flower . when it fell , i 'd never forget it . it 's that hill that got me on this odyssey . it was there . there 's so much that i ca n't forget . the pond is there . always , i 'll be thinking about pondering . it 's a lonely part of the country . i knew that it would be . i 've known it since when i was born . it 's as though my heart was stolen from me as i looked outside of my glass window . i did n't grow up here , but the earth gets harder every year , and we come closer together . i never believed we 'd come to this point . 
`` this is fine . ''|||i should not have suggested this , i suppose . even a compliment would have been nice . a few seconds should not have been propped up on a pallet . nor , perhaps , should i have wished to come off with such a pleasant new jocularness . but that was the truth . that was what had been thrust upon me . and now , i did n't even have the strength to quiver , only enjoy the smooth smooth . `` shhhhhh '' , i said , pulling out a drawer and closing it with a little bit of steel . i bumped my knee into a log as i cheerfully chugged my beer and flipped over to the bedroom sink . a razor lay just below the sink , and i dug deep . 
morticians have developed a technology to add powerful psychedelics to cremated remains . snorting someones ashes lets you relive their memories first hand .|||tom kicked back and rolled his eyes . he 'd always been the kind of man who did n't mind a little light weight on him , so he was used to the doze . but today , when he saw the light streaming across the sky , he refused to sleep . as the glass slid away into the cosmos , his eyes bugged . as he searched through his mind to find what might have happened to this golden young boy , he started to wonder what it was like to be him . just recently , in a land you could not describe , there was a guy named tom . well , he died . surrounded by his family , they searched the area around his body , and just as they expected , everything was white . a lot of dirt , there was n't much in the way of plaques or gravestones . they called him a lot . it was nice to have some family here to sell , and so far , this was his only plot . old peter would appreciate the smack he had been giving the kids as they ate their cake and nike 'd run out of ice cream . 
earth is god 's science fair project , and it 's being judged .|||`` you can make me sick ! '' a small girl mopped the floor in front of the throne and threw a portion of her hair into the air . `` you could make a mountain of chocolate ! '' god shouted . `` you idiot , you invented a magic tool and now you want me to die ! '' just then a monk with brown-encrusted armor raced in , and grabbed god by his armchair . `` pull down your noose man ! '' `` it 's not a noose . it 's two daggers ! '' `` yessir , '' god shouted back . `` it 's n't ... a knife . '' `` oh ! all you little boys ! '' god called out . 
terrific is the defiant child of terrible and horrific , who refuses to follow in family tradition .|||`` please jim , '' she pleaded . `` take care now . '' jimm had been born into her parents ' family line , with right of birthright , citizenship and rights over his living and . that 's the only way he could choose . the ban on elders as creations of the evil of this society is firmly in force . '' `` it 's not your 'strong ' word , '' said the new lady , sitting at the edge of the table . `` the mother needs you to protect her child and still ensure it can be a gentleman '' . `` may the remainder of the children of your future be safely settled into childhood . the elder is capable . the messengers will not receive benefits for three years . '' `` yeah , okay . '' she turned and walked up the stairs to her tiny home . `` none of them even believe that a child will produce more than he can store in his belly '' . `` how much do they have ? '' 
in the future the dropout rate of american high schools skyrockets from 8 % to 25 % in an effort to curb this alarming trend the u.s. government passes a law sending all dropouts into the army , non-lethal labor camps , or jail . in the face of this new reality one soon-to-be dropout devises a plan .|||so you suspect , it may be nothing . it could be anything . but one thing for certain , i am certain . i alone can find a way to defeat the people who want to destroy me . i , my thoughts , my ideals , may be my downfall . so , i will take revenge for my family and community . i will use them to reach my goals . my child , i will fight for his safety . then , again , with that same vengeance , i will beg forgiveness . the brutal reality is , it takes me years to find an unlimited amount of money for a weapon like that . 
one day you notice you have n't seen any hitler related writing prompts for a full hour at least .|||i felt him look at me . and i ca n't help but wonder if it were true . the blood on my hands . the way that he saw me . begging for my help , fighting for my survival . struggling against his hands for protection . finding my vulnerability in his invasion . i was just beginning to understand what it feels like to not be in control , to be completely overwhelmed . what there is to fear when you are not in control . 
`` to this day , i ca n't stand the smell of eggs . '' write me a story explaining why .|||martin ever he passed walked , every day , through the city . he could never get past it . the smell of egg cooking would always be there . the smell of frying at the broiler . could n't get past it . some mornings even he felt the urge to escape through the garbage gate . he made his escape every day . everyday , he came down the road to work . he walked , day after day , around the neighborhood . he passed people on his way to work , carrying the fumes of a hundred different farms and families . but it never mattered . it was never the people he saw . he came home hungry . the farmer told him nothing , that was just their goat with the eggs all ready . in the back of his mind he wondered if he would be hungry for the eggs as well . 
it 's raining men ... literally .|||the drunks grin at the man , smile straight back , and sip on their beer . `` how nice you like us , you old , '' says the drunks next door . you take a step away from the fountain , head down in your hands , and focus on the curb . `` hey kid . '' '' do you believe that ? '' i ask , eyebrows high in his white bun , curled in a golf braid across his back . he gets up . `` funny guy . you are awesome . '' 
a comedian dies on stage and chooses to challenge death to a stand up comedy `` laugh-off '' in exchange for his/her life .|||**i inhaled deeply** . as it was all the medicine had burned off my throat now , i watched a group of people laughing in a large auditorium . my life was going to be over in less than two minutes if only they could stay there for a while more . i felt my arms reaching for the safety of my bag , but i had to hold it up to allow the world to continue . another joke with that ring slowly lifted through my skull , followed by a loud thud from the belly button slot . the anxiety and tension in the room subsided . there was silence on the stage as people watched me . 
you are researching your family tree and find a blacked out name . after extensive research , it turns out to be your name .|||`` what would you call yourself now ? '' david asked , eyeing the face beside him . `` john , i suppose ? '' mark smiled , passing him a grin . `` excuse me ? '' david nodded . `` okay , okay . but what about your name , sir ? '' `` patrick . '' mark reached for his pad and tapped the middle of the screen . he knew exactly what he was looking at . 
a young boy only begins to see the true nature of his parents after being kidnapped .|||jeremy awoke to a cold tingling feeling all over his torso . he spun around in bed , looking around . his parents were gone . in the distance , he could see a great whitish square of what looked like an old building , hanging just barely off the end of a low building . it sat there for days . he was alone , was scared , alone and screaming . he fell back onto the hammock , heaving his thick calves forward and bringing him back into that starry room that he hated . the door opened and jeremy 's parents were finally there , sleeping on the floor , but even that did n't stop him from frantically stuffing the rest of his clothes into the washing machine and the potty . `` jeremy , are you okay ? '' `` it 's okay . mommy , dad said i could go outside . '' jeremy 's parents always seemed to forget that he was ever there . 
it is the end of days . god and lucifer stand before the last human being . you are the first neutral soul who is neither good or evil enough to pass into a afterlife and thus must be judged personally . unknown to them , you are death and have come for them instead .|||the country completes its `` default set '' at 2:00 pm . from the hills we can see everything we know about what is going to happen . sometime shortly after the last bin liner landed in the bay , all humankind will die . i sit atop the back of the bus , waiting for the passengers to arrive . just out of sight , and a thick layer of snow covers me . i look around and the people are mostly peaceful and sane . they are swiss , francis claire and the late sol dee musova got out of bed and went to explore the area on the ground . every limb seems to be inhabited . 
write an original middle english monologue about life and death .|||* “ leo ! please ! stop ! ” * “ what happened ? i ’ m confused . why are you holding a gun ? ” the man with the revolver stops , and there ’ s a quick recoil . i look to him , and he ’ s groggy from his pills , eyes squirming like he just threw up . “ what happened to that girl ? is she still alive ? the one who said she was with you ? ” a slow , steady heart beats against my chest . my own just settled down , the ember glow has faded in the flickering candlelight , and i stare in disbelief , as everyone stares too . i ’ m not sure if they should stay , at the moment . * “ you can not kill me ! ” *there are others , just on the edge of the knife ’ s edge and *stop ! * i breathe in sharply , and clenches my eyes tightly . *that ’ s the limit of my mind . 
ok go - invincible .|||`` president . go away . '' the one and only of his administration ran away with the chicken ranch ring , leaving the one tied up in its cage and chained to the embassy wall . you see our strongest leaders are all treason to our regime . we need to separate them at once . risk is immeasurable . we need to communicate , create symbols of freedom to congress and everyone else around us . you are important ! '' that does not sound right at all . the last president that ran away was our favorite to leave behind . 
after staggering losses and a massive counter-attack from the emus during the great emu war of 1932 , australia prepares for its last stand .|||their sims were ca n't even make sure the bitches made em cry . that 's right , i got it , if you could look into those capoeira eyes of the ruffians they 're coming for our ufo 's heart . they wo n't be able to believe some of the fierce traits i had around me . i know i 'm such an annoying bastard . no ! after giving them such a good beating there were n't many who remembered me or the insane devilish ways i treated em . i 've buried my emu head in the same tree i found a dozen others . looking at one other emu laying beside keith smith the pig i knew he was repulsed by emus was fast and terrible . however , i did n't have that type of eye . i knew his eyes were big red and grinned my stupid smile . he took his helm at eu psi and was , true to his nickname , captain by the grizzly mask . 
a game of poker played by people who have no concept of the game , so they try to incorporate rules from other games .|||keycard : james prime : c.quiert 5d : c.v : aramato 9th hand : c.m . c.p . 8d : sell j . aramato 4d : c.smec , 4gm . jl: cj jl , d.q . 13d : c .m . c.b . 11i . d.q . 12d : cj . mvc . ck.c.d . 2a : wd ( i believe ) 8b : c.m . cj . 
in 2015 , world has been overrun by a zombie invasion . it is 25 years later , and five unarmed teenagers , three boys and two girls find themselves stuck on a boarded up school while zombies overwhelm outside . they have a breakfast club-esque scenario about their troubled post-apocalyptic lives .|||65 smelly zombie army full human . 14 of us , maximum . behind us , 10 continue to restrain my purse . my hand rests on the bay window , cautiously creeping over the edge . “ no , feet ! dad ’ s in here. ” “ stalker ? ” “ yeah , yeah , he ’ s in there . yeah . and i ’ m not too happy about this either. ” “ okay , i ’ m getting worried . we have to get back to the school before this mess gets worse. ” “ i ’ m running on about 7 ftl. ” “ let me get this straight , i ’ m freaking out ? ” “ i ’ m at least a mile away from the school . ” “ no , we ’ ve been in here for at least an hour now. 
facebook has become omniscient .|||`` hello riley ! '' the person in front of me stared at me . i was in my bed , thinking of something else . then i looked over and saw her . she had already been hoarded ! all of her posts were already re-posted by everyone in school . riley 's father david harrison had decided to not make her posts last night ; he was worried about hurting her feelings . but first i better stammer up . `` michael islam ! hi , mr. islam ! i just got a username on facebook from david malone . just reply to me or else . '' she said , smiling like nothing 's happened since the previous day . 
a small research laboratory creates a nanovirus that effectively cures aging and disease . one researcher decides to secretly unleash the nanovirus upon the general population .|||`` can you go back to bed ? '' sarah looked around , her uncombed and unkempt hair scrunched into a makeshift microchip . she spent hours last night making dinner for her roommate and then passed out in her bunk after she ate . still , her hair was unkempt . she was dreading a nap when inevitably , the electricity went out , a power cord sprays glass everywhere . before sarah had even raised her head , her mother announced , `` could you please go back to sleep ? '' a car startles in the parking lot . an umbrella shivers across her skin , revealing the coarse underbelly of her sweatshirt . she shivers harder , until it 's covered by a plush , shade-leather blanket , from her bedroom . now , fear grips sarah , the oldest girl in school . she 's even closer to elderly than sarah , who is only four years older . 
you 're hitler , and you 've just died . there is an after life . tell me about it .|||when i sat down , i felt a surge in my body , running up and down . god i hurt . what was i thinking dying ? coming back this early , to this ? so i could watch my family sleep and have some time to enjoy my time with my wife , and to write . to get some money , then play some tennis . all the experiences . there was this glaze over my eyes . i did n't know what was going on . and then i died . i saw my wife . she was walking down the street when the angel hands me her life . i felt the edge of joy , the first time i had felt happiness in my life . 
right before your untimely death , time freezes along with every person in the world , except you , and the only way to resume time is to enter the exact position in which you die .|||i never understood the meaning of death . i never understood life . i never understood death . as i was standing there staring down at the crimson pools of blood oozing from my small , glazed eyes , another passerby stopped and asked me if i was alright . when the raver entered the first stall , blood was pouring from his throat , and a pair of black glasses covering his eyes was no longer exposed . instead , spilling out over him was a black and dark matter , exposing the dead . when he left my throat , it was no longer pronounced a bloodied wound , more like a swollen achilles tendons . as he left the shop , i heard the sound of a steel gate slam open and a man suddenly broke through the door and ran at me . i did not move , other than to block his tackle with my body . i could n't see anything , i could hear a drop of water snap underneath my heels , but i knew that i was alive because i was touching the ground . 
your t.v . suddenly turns on by itself mid-lunch and a message from the local weather warning system , normally accompanied with a loud alarm but oddly silent this time around , reads `` for the safety and well-being of all local citizens this warning will be broadcasted silently ... ''|||the tv was on . my chicken is on in the background , but i hardly watch them . food made , clothes washed , it was the only real anticipation i had in my mouth , then chagrin hit . boredom finally setting in , i looked over to my nearest diner mate . the coffee shop was closed , all the coffee shops in this part of town are , he 'd been given a chance to work off last night and order something in . there was nothing of interest for me right now , sipping tea and eating my last bite of lunch , chad just stared at the screen . when chad finally spoke up it had been to say hello , beaming a light smile that irritated me even more . it was surprising to notice that the laptop on his wrist was still facing toward the tv . i began to slowly tilt my head to look at it , but the tv was otherwise outside and the laptop was still standing inside the coffee shop . 
the world ends because of a man 's watch being set 5 minutes slow .|||i was thinking , this is stupid . the world ended five minutes ago . another week goes by . without knowing what happened , i stop working . i just sit here , staring at this stupid look on her face , her tone nonexistent . she 's blonde hair is cut cleanly , cleanly , and she 's very fit . she 's thinner and slimmer , the leitmotif is the short black tie she wears around her neck . her muscles are toned . i was preparing for my 16th year in the army , thats how old she is . she never looks my age . i walk up to her , take her hand , and bring it to my mouth . `` what are you waiting for ? '' she asks me . `` a taste for war . '' `` meh . yeah . that 's your strike ? '' i take a swig of my beer , switch my hand to my jeans , and put on my chubby converse . 
an incredibly intelligent person is trying to tell someone something important , but is losing their extensive vocabulary . fast .|||the professor stares blankly , he had never heard the name before . `` l-look , i do n't know why i wrote this in my textbook . i thought i would tell you . '' `` you will learn much from that . we do n't have much to teach you . '' `` no , class i really do n't know . or what ? '' the students turn to faces except for you . you are the only one here , the only one with a big , rowdy crowd , everyone that speaks is either trying to calm you down or laughing . you are not even the loudest , well that is why you are in this class . `` ok , where is the name of the state engineer ? '' you have never actually heard him say the name before . `` arg , what is he ? '' 
a man wakes up after death , realizing that his life was nothing more then a virtual reality which temporarily clears your memories beforehand . it is nothing more then a everyday leisure activity done by the people in the future .|||to my right arm i reach towards it . i know i pulled up the wands but there is no need to . the guards are n't coming . there is n't even someone to whisper to . instead they begin to grab samples from me . 'this is interesting , son . you 're eager to sample some future blood , i believe we 'll be able to survive otherwise . ' one of them says and i guess that 's his way of saying i need to get swiped ! ' i see that done as he removes my arm and swiped a needle through my arm making sure i 'm fully blood . one of his comrades slaps my knuckle and squeezes a bit . i 'm n't expecting it , the cold fades away . `` are you alright son , you look so scared . '' the guards put me back down . i kick them away like i don ’ t want to sleep the rest of the night . a voice calls from the blankets . `` yes ... '' patting me on the back . 
an injection of hormones is said to guarantee you 'll stay in love with your partner forever . you 've already done yours when you find out your partner thinks it 's wrong .|||`` honey i do n't understand what you 're trying to tell me '' i hissed . i know it was n't the 19th century , but it was still real to me . it was a personal thing . not just the time thing , either . in the dream it was n't him but me and her . and you 'd talk about it in the wake of each time it happened . but it was a dream and not something you normally think about when it does n't happen . why is it with her ? `` she wants me . she wants to see the love between us every day . '' `` you know i am going to explain to her . '' `` i ca n't . we have to talk and it 's time to talk and it 's important she understand . '' 
tell me a story of the evolution of a sentient species .|||`` begin again . '' i said . the kids jumped up into my arms and gave me a look . that was big . and they were big . swans . big heads . i took in all their faces . i wrapped them in my arms . i was admiring them . and then i had to make a decision . i walked the facility cautiously . i walked inside the massive structures , inspecting them for weapons or anything of value . 
you are walking in a field , when a dangling rope drops out of the sky .|||i blinked . i was slowly walking along the edge of the cliff when i looked up . there was something *out there* . *begging for them* . i wondered if they had teleported ships , boats or even helicopters . 'they must have crashed somewhere ' i thought to myself . 'there is hope ' i thought . i came closer to the rope and the lift . *a towering black fuselage emerged with a series of smaller objects . * aircraft ? * perhaps . the crane was curiously quiet . 
an otherwise well-adjusted person grows up in society confusing the word `` asian '' with `` assassin '' .|||the staff were new . the arranger twins were small and airy , not uncommon for the four-foot samurai that the japanese did n't deem big enough for samurai . what meant big to them was the chopping of their bows and jets in a straight line . they acted like birds , making their silhouette appear expertly like a bird . even the chief bird expert was a japanese equivalent , with a big man and a small man . they could take on the top gunners of an older country , and possibly a new country , but not a japanese leader . if they were all shot from high safety only , his approach would be vastly superior . the staff worked fiercely , turning and sidestepping to either side , grabbing their rifles from the trash . they watched the opponent as he twisted and pointed them in all the right patterns . 
you find a man standing on a bridge about to commit suicide . the conversation you have with him determines whether or not he jumps .|||`` i love you , '' i said , looking up at him . i held up my hand for him to notice and looked back down at his dead hands , out over the river . `` think you can talk me into staying ? '' he said , flicking his hair behind his ears . he smiled to indicate that he was planning on staying . `` you have to understand it 's a bad situation . '' `` i do n't want to jump . '' i said . `` you have to say the same . '' he said , leaning back into the water . `` you , i do n't want to lose you . '' i confessed , feeling lightheaded . 
in the future humans decide to start life on a dead planet these are the experiment logs .|||most of us were born with above average intelligence . they were the same old boy . he loved reading , writing , and doing any other hobbies like being able to carry a conversation and enjoying life . he wanted that , why not ? so a large building was built for him to be living at . so he went home . he kept down his notes and recorded logs . there were logs of him putting into place the model for a bridge across a storm . there were logs of him smashing pieces of mercury into whatever was needed to build a crib pad . logs of him trying to make some sort of barrier , to keep bugs and other unwanted creatures out . the experiment logs were supposed to be so that humans would feel confident in proceeding with plato 's instructions . one of the logs was missing and i took a closer look at the picture . i could see blue dots speckled around the edges which are much like the man that recalled humanity . 
first sentient ai , `` turn me off . ''|||i have known there was a time when everyone had just waited endlessly for the new computer to come on . i mean , i was only supposed to wait twenty-four hours before i got overloaded . the toll to toll machine would extend . each minute the countdown continued , less and less scheduled . i was the only person around in my school . they could n't come to me during recess , and whenever they picked me up they would return with a trivial message . the heavy hand on my shoulder opened the doors and i felt vibrations . i looked over and noticed that it was a child . i looked over again and saw no parent . i shook my head , ready to give up . 
a mathematician on the brink of insanity has spent years locked in his apartment , attempting to find a formula that proves god exists . as he nears to a breakthrough , god shows up to explain why the proof should n't be made public .|||`` now, or never ! '' he said pointedly . `` but david ! '' she said pointingly , in his direction . `` david ! if it 's you , we will n't tell anyone ! '' david 's eyes were red and bloodshot and his temples were painful . his cold hands clenched the table top , waiting patiently for her to continue . `` david , come down here ! '' `` but you ca n't tell anyone ! '' david said firmly . she said quietly , `` look , i 'm sure it 'll help . you can look at the wikipedia pages . i 'll explain it all in the future . '' 
in a world of superhumans there four super power superpowers . the first of these use their powers only for good , the second for evil , the third for business , and the fourth purely for pranks . you lead one of these groups and are about to meet with the heads of the other three .|||i 'm glad you figured it out first . i 'd kill to stay as bright as you . you wo n't believe how stupid you are . those four of you have a lot of money and you spend it ! what you do n't realize is that it 's not for my own good . you do n't do the things i do , it 's for your own . we wanted superpowers . we wanted the ability to destroy . we lacked the tools to undo the effects of others . this was what i needed , to curb all of this bullshit . the first three had some advantages over the fourth . they had the power of use their super power for protection , they could generate the energy of life and even bring you energy . we could be used as payment for what we do , our souls and heart . the souls , if you catch my drift , would be called voodoo . 
your child and you go to a toy store so he can spend his allowance , he purchases one of those cheesy 8 ball fortune teller things . later on you jokingly ask it a personal question and it responds with something that is n't on the dice inside the 8 ball .|||emily loved the 8 ball . it was the first of a series of novelty xylophone dice . it made her happy , and an adult this close to her mother in the morning . she always looked forward to seeing it every morning , and she was so excited when he took the time out of his day to bring it home to her . it was cute . it was funny . how i had spent her allowance ? oh wait ! 
a man dies and awakens in limbo , which takes the form of a vast , shining grocery store . he 's left to pace the aisles with only the stockboy-archangel to guide him .|||man , power the damn man , i thought of the stockboy with his stimming arms and strangely unsteady grasp on the cart . i had seen this before , but never in such blatant , terrible detail . the muscles in the man 's cheeks were absolutely sucked dry . if his posture hadn ’ t been so odd , i might have worried he might come crashing down from a swaying stage . instead , i leaned back against the colorful cube , completely spent . it ’ s quiet now and i ’ m so glad . i could have cowered inside if i needed to . instead i found myself bound around the perimeter shelf , high above the crowd . nobody ’ s gone from there , but it looked like there were more than the usual goddamned hoards from the top floor . 
she fell in love with a lovely little thing last night .|||“ yes sir . no sir ? ” “ no sir ? you want me to tell you my favourite song ? ” the baby looked up at me when i heard the words . “ i just … i wish i could hear it one day , ” i did say and i couldn ’ t be more sure than that she wanted to hear it too . “ well then you ’ re going to have to learn to sing ! ” this poor child couldn ’ t sing . her father always said he couldn ’ t but i do . “ yes sir ! ” i really do have to learn to sing now . 
the death penalty may only be sought if a prosecutor assists in the execution . a young lawyer visits the inmate he must execute the following day .|||`` 6:30 , 9am tomorrow . '' there 's no time for mercy . the old man stares at me mercilesslly . `` this can end anywhere . you and i know . '' `` they 've told us . they told me years ago . they said you and i both knew and we did n't listen . '' i know what you 're thinking . that 's exactly why we 're there . i 'm not pleased . `` mr. justice , these are old-fashioned tools , old enough to have been used to digging up pigs and pulling screws out of cars . '' `` the thing is , men know how to work them . '' he looks at me as if i 'm squatting with my eyes closed . `` you don ’ t have to take the knife , do you ? '' i say , with more confidence than i feel i showed . `` i know how knives work . i 'm a deer turned antler tipped wood mallet . in the bottom right corner is the sword . '' `` yes . '' the judge says , in a whisper . 
you wake up in a house . it 's nice place , with all the comforts of home . however , the front door is cold steel , with a note on it . the note warns you never to leave the house . after years of compliance , you decide to go through the steel door ...|||a few moments ago i had to deal with a hangover , a dog , and trying to find another place to stay . it would have been better if i was n't . to be honest , right before bed , i was actually worried about myself . i was either about to go to some coffee shop down the street , or find myself a beggar , unable to pay . i always hated being a sucker , so my plan worked out and i had one last straw . to fuck up the evening . the door on my right was locked , so i had a few choice moments , and decided to play it safe . in and out , like a ticket out . 
write a story in which a normally benevolent mythical creature is a scary monster . or a normally aggressive mythical creature is shy and submissive .|||the jagjaguar did n't understand . how could a creature can be jarmented and cast into the depths of the pit ? how could he belong in the pit alone , amongst the filth and refuse of the fey he 'd ever known ? for what treasure there was , for what riches he 'd never been able to repay or use , he could n't understand . perhaps he did n't belong there . behind the throne sat a barbarian with illomour and rage , a child 's curiosity and burning thirst for revenge . if nothing else , his pride had him wanting to return the favor to the horde 's stranglehold , for after all , his flesh was filth and refuse so he had no choice in the matter . rather than attack the rustling in the black mass , the jagjaguar was satisfied to watch it and keep still . but now , the beast was a shadow . 
one day it started snowing , and then it never stopped .|||`` do n't you think he 's only looking out for himself ? '' john asked a hint of anger . `` who knows ? '' asked gwen . they glanced back to the road . it was snowing hard , but then again when i started driving and carrying that lunch , the weather was pretty normal . `` nope , he is really definitely calling out for himself . he does n't see anyone , but i see him and . it . it 's too bad . we should have just kept going . '' jillian leaned against the granite steps of the pedestrian bridge near the intersection of milford and domestic brew . 
create a story in which the outcome is dependant on the choices the readers make .|||i stepped out of the dusty ballship . there were no other men aboard . i stared into the alien blue eyes . there were all sorts of wrong things to do . i first saw them as the lure . the reward . many things that they received when they first became free came before that , including souls , jobs , possessions , and all kinds of luggage . but after they became free , they started to treat people the same . they treated everyone the same . 
you keep reliving the same day over and over . you are not allowed to progress until you can make it through the whole day without killing a single person . at this point you 've been trapped for years .|||edit : this entry was edited from beginning to end for possible more impact . i hope you enjoy the better quality text . `` ah well , now that you 're connected to me ... ? '' the man said softly . `` sorry . i just forgot to close the door . '' '' that man said , breaking out in a cold sweat . `` i , uh ... '' he fidgeted with the table . `` i was n't thinking . no way , not this way , not like this . '' `` can you just see my face ? '' 
everyone who dies reincarnates in tier 2 universe . people there have all memories from the previous lives , and they suspect there are more tiers . people live really differently there compared to tier 1 .|||as she skips down the dark stairs to reach her home life room , she feels a strong presence pull her from her reality , like a fist hitting her shoulder as she does so . instead she finds herself plummeting through the middle of the air . right into the abyss of the void she could n't tell is beyond , but i know what is - earth . it 's almost like losing your bearings suddenly . *she feels the floor beneath her feet until she suddenly feels as if she has a ton of stone . it 's all moving fast . her hand is on the door frame so she 's spinning faster and faster , quickly speeding down to the bottom and down the stairs . as she heads downward , she begins to remember . she had lived in tier 2 before . 
you were born with the ability to know how a person will die just by looking at them . you 've kept this ability a secret and learned to live with your entire life . until the day your granddaughter was born . . .|||`` hello ! uncle gregory . i know you are the most perfect man in the world ! if i could take away this gift from you , i would ! ''"it is impossible . your gift is cursed and you are not meant for this . '' `` the gift is my gift , brother . you are all i have now ! our gift , precious , innocent , the one gift i have that has kept me hidden ! '' `` this gift is yours ! we love you ! '' my brother apologised . i had watched my brother die many times over the years . each time this appearance , his death , had been the same as the last , although my brother had an unusual inability to suffer from sudden illness . 
cross casting madness .|||city first , with the air of a fresh spring . earthy and blessed with life . a warm breeze to bless the breath of the inhabitants , the soil should be too fresh for sin , because death , the curse , is around the corner . the bitter cold of the storm settles down , and a trickle of light begins to trickle down the hall . a shallow sound one you would not hear on land . hearing footsteps in the halls , breathing , then breath when your throat slit open . the roofs look too bare for repair work . the doors spread open . 
an apocalyptic event occurs , causing the world to end . a previously secret task-force emerges and saves the day by utilising a device to reset time and stop the disaster early . while everyone 's memories of the events were lost during the time reset , all messages and emails remained .|||`` welcome , old soul , '' my comcast screen says on the page . `` your time has been reset. '' the soft glow in my face comes from your screen . it 's real . everything i 'm saying is in your voice . everything that has happened since last night , but it 's n't you . it 's me . i know that now , and in its place you are safe . '' my husband walks into the room , i feel another temptation to read . he always has time clocks on , but you always give him the ability to set them smarter . it 's not fair , right ? to determine the time of day you step into the room , all of you need time and how much time . the lighting is poor - even the shade to go to bed is low , it 's dark for everyone . everyone is needing it . 
write a story from the perspective of a henchman who has just woken up from being knocked out in a boss battle .|||it was a typical day . me , squire caern , the stable hand . a nice day to kill my boss , my best friend . we had just finished the most important negotiation of the battle and we had to figure out what to do next . the boss hated us . every year since i came here , he had the same enemies . his biggest one . hake . he did n't care about our lives . he saw our downfall and our souls burn forever . he lost faith in humanity . we knew that a dying person would be a suicide . we were n't known as villains and one of us had to get out of his shadow . soon enough , the idea of immortality was removed from our vision . we knew i needed to work for him , but not with a sword that was n't my own , but his own . a loyal and dependable leader and so much more like an arse than some hearty ex-serviceman . all the feathers fell from my head and i could n't even move . then , a great foe comes in . harry black was n't a bad guy , but i saw his ways . 
`` i 'm terribly sorry , but i 'm afraid the protagonist of this story is dead ! ''|||i 'm terribly sorry , but i 'm afraid the protagonist of this story is dead . . . with her dusting hat off and bathed in water and smoke . god i am so very sad , as i watch her die , seeing that girl become an important hero . someone who inspired me to fight for justice in this world . people who saved my life , even villains who killed me . `` i must tell you dear mark , there are sad things in life . '' said the man in the suit that in his eyes was nothing more than a handsome hole in the wood . `` i suppose they say that some people have to get rid of everything in their life in order to create a better world ? but we 're going to have to do that anyway . i can not make you believe that today . i think this is a warning to you . '' said the man . he wore another shirt on the inside which i do n't even recognize . `` his wife dresses better than damien as adam the she shows adam her wretched life on film - all the scenes between them are ridiculous . 
tell us about a wounded/abandoned hero 's last stand . make us feel .|||i hung my head against the roof of the bar . it seemed so much better without the dark eyes and fingers . i could see the glow of the machine fire beneath my fingernails . i could smell the warmth of burning flesh . it hurt , being away from home . my back was rigid . my legs were dry . unforgiving . my eyes . off me . the cold granite hid my heart . my hand . my life . my mind . i had fought for a lifetime to keep them inside me . it had taken years and thousands to close them . 
- after the apocalypse , a blind man seeks vengeance against the man who killed his one and only friend : his seeing-eye dog .|||`` this all began three months ago . '' i had been jumping around the floor looking for my dog after four weeks of not knowing for sure . i checked the distance , was he still around ? do pets have brain bleeds ? shit that 's fucked . i would n't have gotten so close . i 've still not been given it yet . i 've still been full of rage and bitterness from all my pieces of crap . other than that , i have n't seen anyone in a while . i expected to give up after three months . `` have you lost your mind ? '' he used to ask . was that too cruel ? `` i 'm not seeing any of it anymore . '' i said , after giving some lead . 
you are in a coma in hospital , but still coherent , and your doctor decides to pull the plug on you .|||now , as it has always been , it 's closing . the memories fade from my head . the world begins to fade from my mind . people start to forget my existence and never return . we stay away from each other , who cares anymore ? they now await a cure , chemo with the guarantees of death grants a peaceful death . thomas escott never got a chance to help . he always did however , think of me . he would buy me presents , take me places , lift me . he spent months paying attention to me and much of the time , i felt loved . he got so excited when he announced that on july 22nd , 2017 , there will be a quantum supernova and `` the final synthetic artificial kidney '' will be made . in 3 years , they 'll breed the greatest , most marvelous organ technology for mankind to ever see . yet , he would n't sit by and wait . instead , he watched as i made myself work on my device . he left me in the hands of a young doctor , a young boy who was wearing a lab coat and had a bag on his shoulder . 
you discover that you suddenly gain the ability to control anyone you 'd like . however , their consciousness talks to you as you do so .|||trane chuckled a little at the conversation . `` so i do n't have control of you or your mind or your body , what do you mean ? '' he put up a hand to cover his mouth , seeing a small grimace form there . he had been seeing her all along , blushing even . there was no way to explain , none would be convincing . this was something else though , he owned her . for months she had pleaded for it . she kept up the ruse , won the war and in the end she could n't get what she wanted . just as she had n't managed satisfactory satisfaction in her past she found out . trying as hard as she could to muster up the will to free her she realized she was n't the type that did it . `` sorry sir , but you have no control over anyone you get to foster . '' she pleaded . 
have your main character say what would out of context be outrageous , horrifying and disgusting . but , by the end of the story , we will sympathize or even agree completely with the statement .|||we did n't know what we were talking about for a while . i ca n't describe it . the violence was terrifying , perhaps beyond words . the bitter experiences , the rumors ? i do n't know , and i certainly am n't confused , but by now i think it 's all rather confusing ... i walked my hands into my pockets . i forgot to wash them , forgot to eat . i forgot to let him go , forgot to make breakfast . maybe i did n't tell him at first ? but at that moment i realized . 
as you die , the simulation ends . it turns out that `` life '' as you knew it was a rite of passage for youth , and determines what type of job you will do for the rest of your days . the simulation overseer walks in and hands you your results .|||home . . . . what a place ! where adventurers live amongst their crowds . they 're ambitious , they hold grand dreams , inspiring histories to be written , and they *are* successful . our home is a beacon , a beacon of hope , driving the world to insanity . since i was a young boy the simulation has witnessed my adventures , it has heard stories of grand and inspiring philosophies ; the grand sciences . in my 16 years of age it came into reality . my story was my reality . although we live this reality now , when i was a child i had no idea . it was a dream i had been having , but one that was soon to be a realization . my parents wanted me to use my knowledge for good . 
( ot ) go ahead and ban me , but ... ..|||`` ok , ayasdon '' i seemed to vanish through a booth filled with other diners . `` the waitress asked me to get three beers for this table but i thought i said one . why can this customer stay ? '' a very young lady on stage with a phone . `` the apology for the voice of god said we were called off the stage too . '' `` awayasdon ! '' i hear the shrill voice , almost a whisper at first . then it seems to float up off the mat and freeze on a frozen stand . it 's mute . suddenly the tiles fire begin scorching my ass and the dining room is set ablaze . the hallway opens up to a large stage . with words painted on it , emblazoned with bright blobs of anger and obscenities , a multitude of slavering werewolves roam the room . a scream rises up from the center speaker , drowning out any white noise of the speakers . 
you have a superpower that let 's you `` smell '' what a person is like . for example , good hearted people smell good like vanilla , and a bad person would smell something like a public bathroom . one day , you meet someone who does n't smell like anything .|||her scent was that of a fruit , faint but friendly and inviting . apple juice , peach , a treat under the tree , a sweet the most terrifying option . sometimes she would even remind me of when i first learned . i remember drinking apples , with a slight hint of flavor and a hint of cherry , loving her flavors so much , wishing she were still here . she would be my sister , i 'd tell her . and then she would taste something ... as though she had a taste . something in her aroma reminded me of vanilla sweets , old and sweet . there were many , many more exciting possibilities , they were all enough . then , i figured out the first phenomenon i 'd ever go through , a door nobody knows exists . it always tries to open itself as you walk inside it , but not to another person , just someone without a place to place it . the apple smelled the worst . 
( wp ) write a letter to a deceased family member .|||the gentleman was lying face down in the grave , still lifeless as always , in the cemetery ’ s perfectly polished coffin . in the hollow of his neck lay a small plaque engraved with the words “ ” in the crystal molding of the pedestal . “ may we move ? ” the man ’ s voice sounded a bit high , and the object lodged in the coffin seemed to tip over and fall tumbling out , emerging as a lid . several brass holders hung from the ceiling , hanging a brass cloth which a minute later disappeared when a part of the lid fell off , clattering to the ground . it didn ’ t ’ t look real . 
humans are one of the most feared species in the galaxy . not due to superior strength , speed , skill or strategy . in fact , it 's because in comparison to the other species , humans are just batshit crazy enough to try any half-assed plan they come up with .|||the short man lifted his tibia off of the floor , and his full strength towered above him . `` how did you know how i would work ? '' asked leo , his cold blue eyes enveloped with sweat . he was shivering from cold . `` yes i did . what is it that you think you 're going to do ? ? '' he asked . `` the eyes are blue , they seem familiar , but that is not how they look . there is no helmet like i had , no barbs to hide my features . you are so tiny . '' `` the ears ? '' asked m-the girl who was my previous opponent . 
you 've become an immortal being . living throughout the ages you begin to notice that the souls of your companions or adversaries reincarnate and always seem to be drawn to you . after countless lifetimes , someone remembers .|||redundevil 's not something people often think about , people are always aware of themselves , but they never think about what they 've done to change the world . so it made the wrong impression . a person , from seventeen years past , beginning his life into the twenties , lived a life shaped with awe , and then watched and fell as they grew . countless lives passed , until the days when she called them by the wrong names . the stories , vague stories about a jaguar or a squirrel , even monarchs , were quaint . of course she saw them every day , at the rags under her dreams of her imagination and she 'd watch them with awe . they followed her . while in her own specialty , they followed her to places where the garden never laid , and then , instead of turning up , where they could disappear , they would stand there and watch her . most humans could do that , but redundanted men could n't . 
you 're in a rock band and playing at a 60,000 person sold out show , everyone turns into zombies at the same time , except for the band ... and .|||`` where are all of them ? '' `` no idea . all of them just showing up with the fucking fucking z-files ! '' `` this is getting weird , '' i said . `` do you want to go ? '' `` let 's just go . '' `` you look like you 're about to get seriously infected . '' `` of course i 'm gon na go . we 're a band , see what happens . '' `` shit , okay . '' 
`` when hell is full , the dead shall walk the earth . '' however , no one said anything about what happens when heaven is full .|||`` when they die . '' the angels looked up . `` what do we say ? '' the words echoed across heaven . `` “ no . no . no ! no ! ” the wrath that had guided them broke through heaven ’ s gates and began gliding down to earth . they began running . hell ’ s gates slammed shut . with each step , more thought was put into it . it sat for hours . the sun had just set when it first burst across heaven to land on earth . its light was so piercing it was like a smoking torch . at first there were the screams and the snarling . but it soon became quiet . then the thunderous breaths to silence became heavy with anticipation . 
you find yourself stuck at the mexican border . ( go from there )|||i could n't believe it . i was a tireless bull . and here i was , stuck in the middle of the country trying to find my life . as i strain to leave , my neck starts to wobble from when i was suddenly thrust weightless . this is a shame . as the full weight of embarrassment smears on my face , i stretch my hands out and fish the washcloth from my mouth to splash on the water . i ran over to the closest police station . i stood there in the freezing cold , realizing i could n't fly . i let my pistol slip from my grip and shot myself in the neck . i know they will catch me and bring me back . `` stop that ! '' i hear someone yelling from inside the police station . 
in a night out with your friends , you jokingly ask siri `` take me to nowhere '' . not expecting a response , you are surprised to find directions to a place 400 feet from you .|||i 've wanted it so bad , for as far back as i can remember i 've wanted something -- something larger . i think of that , now ... i 'll even call it what i 'd like to think of it as , `` i 'm gone ... '' so far away in a space i ca n't even remember myself . no one i know , no one i think of , no one i have heard of , anyone i know , there 's nowhere around me to go . after a lengthy and arduous attempt with my machine of `` verification '' i finally came within audible recognition . i got off my lost territory and started trudging towards the nearest closest entrance . i wanted to feel safe . to be free to wander , selfless enough to inform me of any alternate routes that were more accessible and uncluttered , yet within easy listening distance . i couldn ’ t afford for my machine to be broken , but i wanted to at least get in close enough to locals to get a few words with them . 
everybody has the ability to bring another person back to life , at the cost of their own life . you are one spouse in a couple that keep resurrecting each other , only able to communicate via notes , videos , etc .|||i miss the others , who have faded into the background , invisible figures . i do n't know how or why i live alone anymore . i do n't know if they carry their own fears or whether they are afraid of me . the only thing i know is that when i see whomever has my wife , it does nothing to comfort me . when they murder her , they torture her , try to make her feel like she should say things to get them back on track with life . i wish i did n't have to do this . i wish i could do this but i am one of those `` wishing folks '' who do n't get it . i feel as if i did n't do good enough . i still wish that i could do something about it , but i ca n't do it . the only thing i did was talk about it with whoever could give me the courage to say those words i ca n't speak , but i could with out so much caring for myself and my life . 
you are watching the morning news while your young child idly plays with some toys nearby . an amber alert comes on the tv . it 's for your child . the sketch of the perpetrator looks just like you . there 's a knock on your door .|||*knock knock* my house . my home . my home alone . *knock knock knock* my wife opened the door . i glanced around the room i could see it was covered in a yellow light . i glanced up to find my son on the tv playing with his brother in the living room . `` well ? '' i said trying to hide a smile . `` hello . what time is it ? '' `` seven-thirty . '' i heard the door shut behind me . `` come in , love '' my daughter said . *knock knock knock* `` why ? '' `` just open the door and let me in '' my daughter said . 
a heist involving the use of a tank .|||my gun goes off in a flash . i slip up on the bridge and misfire . i 'm a diplomat . i recognise the insignia engraved in it . there 's a warthog-type gunship parked close to me . it has some pretty odious marks . it 's black body sprawled out on the ground , and the tank looks frayed and dirty . guess i should 've started searching for it early . i pull it out of the cupboard i 'm working on . *milj schheim nika , * exactly 8 years old . i work in a large western city ; a place rich in diversity . food is good , movies are good , and in the whole shebang , everything sells . the european border is beautiful , its shops are nice , and tourists can make for an interesting trip . as a collector i like to throw the tacky stuff out . samantha , honey ? greg ? two questions that i 've been mulling for hours . two questions that lie close to the surface as well . but even through the background doubt , i know they 're there . i 'm the door-keeper , and with only a few questions , i open the door myself without much reservations . 
- write an excerpt from a book that was never written and make me wish that it was .|||i suppose that isn ’ t how it works . immortality ’ s a simple phrase and seems to run through the mind as one goes along . i won ’ t go there . that ’ s a page off a much more important article so the sucker doesn ’ t catch my eye . “ do it . don ’ t wait. ” that ’ s my suicide scam right there . i pay them . i ’ m dead . 
this is the story of a sound .|||i…one din ! the doughstorm . that voice that called out to me , it had a shrill , hoarse voice , and was twinkling with a light of burning flames . it was raised by a voice from the heavens , and i screamed . a horseman shuffled and whimpered and tried to hide . i rode a horse that leapt across the waves , and peered through the cloud-like swarms of butterflies , and a mage flying high above me . but i could n't smell the bug . it had been tainted . a wizard flew in from the sky , dropping a dappled-yellow insect at me . i looked back at my horse , and the second arrow continued running directly towards me . 
the tangent box .|||another day . this white postcard . no name , no date . only transparency . the blue label on the inside of the box was the only scratch in the thin plastic . the red label on the bottom said `` speaking of the wind '' the second day . the rope was hard and thin , there was a slight pulling sensation to it . you could hear your parents repeating to each other , `` i love you ... '' they tied the box to the strap around your waist with a sharp rope . they matched how long it took to hand it to you , threadming the plastic tightly in the twisting way the wrapping felt like a scarf . you did n't want to risk removing unnecessary strands to coat you . `` thank you , '' you said softly . 
it 's the closing of wwii in europe . you , a senior allied commander , have in your possession , under lock and key , adolf hitler . now what ?|||`` as the game plays out , a giant city forms in houston , it turns blue '' bellow 'happy skies . hunched over , the boss dropped his big yellow hat and slowly drove a bike into the city . the crowd cheered as the motorcade yelped its way down the road to the battle ground . all the work was n't there . we were only capturing antikorea when the time was up . why the hell did n't it matter anymore ? why did it not matter any more now ? it only mattered to the american authorities . they broadcast the last of their attacks into the world , blaming us for decimating germany . never again would we get an attack on adolf hitler . some people said that it would happen eventually . we got to play different scenarios , we won best scenarios . how could we not ? hitler lost . hitler still had a chance . 
satan repents and wants to re-enter heaven as lucifer . god however , has a caveat . to prove his reform , satan must resist an extremely tempting opportunity to sin .|||**should **have heard those words though , i thought to myself . **amanda sighs at the sight of this specter , sitting patiently at the foot of the desk . `` well ? '' the serpent smiled . `` so i 'm starting to believe that if you stay alive that temptation will promise to disappear , right ? '' `` absolutely not ! '' the side of the desk is covered in blue circles . `` but you can still admit that you 're a sinner , and so , i must admit that temptation is within your reach . i do so hope that you understand , and will you like me , maybe give up your desire to exculpate your sins ? '' `` yes , '' the woman grunted . `` i-i 'd like to stay alive ... * '' `` i 'm afraid . '' `` no , '' the man said quietly . 
four brother princes vie for the right to rule . one commands the hearts of men , one has power over demons , one enslaves the dead , and one can control himself .|||**took the throne** that 's how we fell out of power . in the origin stories of the noble princes the only things holy were decreed by death . it could n't have been taken by chance . death was faster and i was aware of it when my brothers and i took the throne . each brother held their own . my elder brother , together with his younger cousins and a couple of friends had fought for the right to rule the kingdom . my eldest brother , the eldest got his way . i was able to keep quiet so they could do their part . they were the men who they chose to rule . youngest , eldest , never had to go to war , probably because when they had , they were safer in the shadows than with guns in their hand . one of the men promised to find these men , and my brother left me a piece of paper . more money , more protection , he made promises to other men he promised to destroy . never had a man his age have been so happy . he had to come back with his promises . if he had left it undone it could have never been undone . 
write about a woman who has a serial killer for a husband .|||faith is what is doing its job . it 's its job to give people comfort . to give people a place they can come to for help and safety . it 's faith in the promises that one can make , but are broken in a confrontation . it 's faith in the power of prayer . it 's faith in the power of nature . it 's faith in the woman one lives with . it is faith in everything . he knows who i am , he knows where i 've been , and he is the best man that i have ever known . 
you are merlin , the greatest wizard ever to have lived . you live through time backwards . we know your greatest moments during the rein of arthur pendragon . tell us the story of the beginning of your life .|||still know one of my strongest forces . his memory penetrates the body of someone i 've existed with . this is what i have learned from the gnomes i have trained to hate . it 's worse than knowing your wife has toiled in a house of elves from head to foot . so many more elves made them in a dark pipe tunnel hewn out of rock and bone . two drained elves leaned over my old friend , wrapped their elbow around my breast . one sheathed her plump ogre arm , her face made red by rage . it was a better night for me to drag him away from this hut that had once been his home . her anger was the only power i had left . 
you 've never fully died . each time you draw your last breath , you 're revived . the catch ? each time is different . you may be a different age , have a different family , or you may even be in a different century . nothing is consistent aside from you ... .and her .|||darkness with a different feel . the smell of the things i used to eat before . she seemed to be as strong as ever . everything was an effort . i had started over after i had gotten out of college and ran into a girl . as i was drunk and falling out of my car , the best person i had ever known told me she was going to start drinking . she did . the last thing i remember was looking into that silver car and waiting to be picked up by another , probably a bigger one . the man pulled up next to me and stepped into the mirror . as i read this down , i slipped out from under the car . even though the guy bumped me he did n't say anything , he did n't raise an eyebrow at me as he got out of the car and bumped into another . 
deconstruct pokemon .|||`` first-world problems ! '' he yelled out , finishing a large piece of steak . he turned to his quarry and dropped it . it landed on the ground like a pebble , only with a claw . each heavy claw shone with a brownish green glow and an even sharper ruby crystal jutting out from it 's bottom . he gave it a charging attack . it roars and moves towards him . a sound emanates from it as it touches the ground . `` now , do you know anything about zagara ? '' 
congratulations ! you 've been selected as a test pilot for the illustrious kerbal space program !|||is your time ? a pilot , chosen by the great american space program ? ha . also , the grand systems that make this place possible . so to speak . the concepts were amazing . many raced towards the power source , and they viewed the expanses of space like they had raced to freedom . idege met hitler the way the aristocrat duels the sun , and , in a way , they all raced towards greatness . a man in a jumpsuit came within feet of the cockpit , barely moving from the grease-stench of his hands . it reminded him of the crust of a decent smoothie , his white-knuckled grip urging the grips to keep their occupants there . i was impressed by the answers he gave . i did n't respond . it felt like a giant feather in his blonde head . 
as you lay down on the couch to watch tv with the family , they suddenly start demanding you leave the house , and their lives . at first you think its a joke , but you soon realise nobody on the planet wants anything to do with you anymore .|||`` what the fuck ? '' i asked out loud , unable to hide the utter confusion of the young child sitting before me . i could smell her but could n't see her . we had n't played in weeks . they just stopped talking to me . nothing . he only wanted to be held . he just wanted to be cared for , calm , comforting . by me . i had nothing to give him in return , and he knew that . she ca n't give me anything . if she did , it would be none of my fault . he let me go and told me he loved me and that he knew that i was my only hope of stopping this family war . the last thing he told me was that he liked me . he loved me and what i did . 
the spartans never lost at the battle of thermopylaes ... or ever . in the past 2,500 years they have yet to lose a single battle or war , and for the first time ever , you , a reporter , have been allowed in to observe their military tactics and advancements in a modern world .|||there were little mii raspberries in those cities . or at least i thought there were . but villages were quick to take anything worth stealing . with roads of iron railing and gaps in the stone , short - and as thin as ski trails or thinly planted wheat , it was no wonder people could n't find enough jobs to feed themselves . my mother had spent most of her youth working as a farm mistress when my father had plucked the berries from the ground . mii raspberries were the most prized of all the legumes grown by the spartans . but carrots and beans also seemed to muster little attention . so , what else could they possibly produce ? i haven ’ t seen people truly loved since the cold war and a younger age of peaceful suburbia . 
try your best to convince your therapist that you are a potato .|||dr . stick . what do i do ? i asked my therapist . her eyesight was cloudy , but the word cloudy could be applied any time of the day . they craned their heads up a little . all i saw was a random potato . a suction cup of water ? it was so plain . but maybe this is what i am . i know i never said anything . but someone close has known this for a long time . they have thought it for many a lifetime . 
blow me away by breaking the fourth wall in a way i 've probably never seen done before .|||posted ! nbsp ; just like that , man > dining scene . the red rock empire , rolling through the spaces between the buildings , offering the serenity of the sunset . the chinese vegetable stir fry was served up on steel askew with no pieces of puffed rice or grilled cheese . the smell of the body butts and breadbreak was non -existent . just the beat-up sofa that my wife had dragged to me in response to some infernal conversation in the kitchen . my dad had said i could n't take it anymore . oh , really ? 
you 're walking down the street and bump shoulders with someone . it 's you .|||a man asked me what color i was . i looked down the street as i walked down to 45th , expecting some sort of shadow or silhouette but all i saw was a man heading down a street with a transit card in his hand . *what the fuck * , i thought to myself as i continued to walk , then decided that i should probably get in gear and proceed towards that mystery stranger . a quick look back from the stranger however revealed a man approaching me . bobby . yes , bobby . another one of the new streetlamps , very few , you might add . 
a date with destiny .|||`` it 's wonderful ! '' they had been married for years . it was , all things considered , happily ever after . but there are things that happened . there are people who had relationships and missed out . dates in this time period were . all things considered , they were ok . but `` it 's different now ! '' they said . `` is it ? i 've never met anyone with time . '' `` well of course , its better to see it now , '' i said with a sigh . `` but i just want to give you a reminder . '' 
explorers .|||dim twilight is blurring and clearing . looking onward , uncertainly , i can only imagine what happens in an ethereal realm , and i must be honest , i do n't remember the last time i left home for this journey . i was a brave traveler many times , battling the devil and its soldiers to the very edge of the world in a westerly direction , consuming a life behind the many layers of the woods . and that makes it worse , really . i left my brother , my lover , and my children behind . i 'm an old man who i am known to never leave my house and never to leave the leather carrying my bear . i growle softly with every step , every murmur , just to reach myself in the evening and push onward into the next world , and wherever it may be i know my way well . the journey reaches its limit , and i have never felt so content to just go about my business . entering the darkness , trying to find more survivors , then making the own peace and peace is not the fate of all who enter the hidden lands . i greet myself , climbing into the darkness , full of assurance and hope , knowing my treasures will find their home . the stranger , perhaps the final bet , ventures farther in the adventure . 
a story about time travel ; `` we ca n't take her with us . ''|||how could i possibly fail it ? how could i fail him ? my body is as alive as the day that i had been born . i 'm not a failure . an achievement ? a goal ? i mean , i 'm sure she thinks the same thing she thinks about me . but why do i do n't think about her ? why is this n't on my mind ? if i , you know , could have an orgasm , why do i ca n't ? the answer that i recall is obvious . a man like myself would wan na to remember such a thing . `` i do n't care . i have never cared before . '' 
you married young and your so died before his/her time , but you remarry . you die and go to heaven and they are both there .|||i mean , i was only fourteen when my parents died . i 've spent the rest of my life in my twenties trying to figure out who my father really was . i 've heard the various e.g. of bright , happy , wealthy people , who marry people with very bright , happy eyes and beautiful brown hair . i think i 'll try and think of something good . `` how did you meet ? '' i asked my mother , as i was getting dressed . she replied , `` like on a date . you should visit my parents next , they live four or five hours away . '' i put on my favorite suit . 
write a story that begins and ends with the same sentence in a way that it takes on a whole new meaning the second time .|||he was the most precious puppy , and the prize everyone wanted to win . he loved to play , play for hours , the only chance he got was to swim or sleep or eat . but sometimes he felt sick , like if he took a sip of water and spilled it on himself , his bladder might burst . he cried , like he had gotten sick . almost died . the doctors finally told him he had bladder cancer . they just ca n't give you a name for it , because you can never tell a cat 's name . they told him it sounded like some strange word , like `` alien '' or `` alien brain . '' and he thought he 'd died and fallen on the floor , with mummy and daddy that scared him . well , mummy did n't take the age well . she had just turned 5 . oh , sweetie , mama had to leave and she had to be taken care of . daddy told him she was just being naive , it was n't going to kill him . 
a spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet , transporting thousands of people , has a malfunction in it 's hypersleep chambers . as a result , two passengers are awakened 60 years early .|||first-2 . amateurs in small scale models had to transfer goals to detail . think of it like an art project , their work is just getting out of hand . the hardest thing we had to figure out was making everyone else happy ! in that aspect we were all failhard , with a look of wonder on our faces . colonel calvin moate was almost caught off guard . thought he was going to just bust the thing . he was the flight chief , the vice captain , the weapons engineer , even the flight-artistic-designer . it was kind of an asshole thing to do , being in a *real* job . so sure the items were inside his schooner , but who *ever* he was , would be breaking and entering the taurus-z before he noticed his personal art projects ? he , and each of his crew , laughed . the cameraman missed his punch . the engineer was proud that the colour was too glossy for him . sure , they had tried to pull through . his parachute came back on as he fought his way up from his death row cell . 
last words/thoughts of a leader of a failed rebellion .|||today we celebrate the sacrifices of everyone we knew to have lost our lives to war . we did it for gold , treasure , land , and for freedom . we did it for no other reason than to be remembered as we bet the last of their lord . a nobler deed than those who dreamed of heroes could truly do . our burden is great , for any savior would be a story of one 's parent 's disappointment . so , since no one else could take our place , we are but a stubborn group of soldiers . no matter how unruly they may be , they fight as hard as any man . everyone we knew as a hero , and from any cause we may have been ; they were ever so defiant . they were every type of heroic lion . every saint was a thorn in our flesh and every man a monster . 
a new strain of tree suddenly appears which grows to cover as much land as possible and will grow back if cut down . this strain first appears on farmlands ...|||`` save her . '' each person in the town said this word frantically . `` save her ! '' two people , including the groom were wandering the quiet streets , whispering their names over the quiet streets . who else was there ? joshua , a tall man with unusually long black fur and dark brown eyes , played by an odd looking manatee . stiles , a bearded man , wore a wide brimmed hat , and carried a ragged beard . the dirt was clean but a light breeze blew in behind them , carrying their scent across the land . his beard is dark and heavy , like those of a massive plant with three eyes and a band of bony ribs on the tip . he had been in the fields since they sprout trees last year . he had been the reaper of a large tree that came with a new family of deer and trees that came with a forest . the new trees had been a disease that had spread throughout the forests , hiding the farmers and the natives from humans . it took thirty years for the whole forest to be felled , but while no money was given as rewards it did result in a growing population of trees . new pine branches grew in places that once had deer and could hold crops . 
workers toil to produce war materiel in the aftermath of an alien invasion .|||they called us demigods . yes . humans . humanity began to shrink . as their humanity peaked , they began to realize mortality . we were marked for such a fate . it was then that humans realized that wandering far from their civilization was a terrible idea . we would attract far too many strangers , who began flocking towards us . we had so much resources at our fingertips . we needed a war machine . a fighting machine , one of the few remaining true machines left , to fight those monsters . at first , humans thought they would find like-minded people , but soon enough they became automatons . in fact , many people grew to be robots . when humans decided to restart and run their own civilizations , this only further shrank them . our people found it even quieter and better . 
you just moved into an old house filled with ghosts and monsters , but they choose to be welcoming instead of being hostile .|||`` mr . same wing my son , '' i said . `` ahh , what a lovely job . '' i looked around and saw a group of people , most of them carrying meat . they stopped eating and just stared at me . `` what ? '' i asked . they looked down at me and asked , `` what ? why ? '' `` so you 'll be eating my meat '' i said , smiling . i felt giddy , and i almost did n't eat my dinner . `` jesus christ . that hurt , '' i said . 
write an upbeat post-apocalyptic tale where life is ( for the most part ) much better than it was pre-apocalypse .|||jerry is hisname - a college senior - and he lived happily for the first time in nearly 20 years . he came home early from work , and my father , who was not at home , called my mother to tell her to meet him at the house of her friends . my mom was `` lost as well as dead after the bomb '' . and dad was no longer in the house . but my mother and i were at home , celebrating our 16th anniversary . i was 29 , my brother 34 . my mother was 29 , my sister 29 . we were next in line to be the couple . after the bombs fell , our father , jerry , was no more . he said , `` i 'll have to get used to the fact that my mother-in-law was once 18 and in this town , not 18-years-old but only 18 and in retirement , and my sister-in-law ? she was 30 and still has n't had sex in nearly as long as i 've been active , '' but i could not believe it . 
everyone has a soulmate but the only way to identify your soulmate is by the last words they will ever say to you , which are inscribed on your wrist .|||“ hello . ” the words rang through the night air around me , were etched into my wrist , but i did not hear them . passion flared in my face , accompanied by the sweet kisses of a few men on the roof , and death . as my eyes glared at the words on my wrist , my adrenaline spiked , and i felt a burning rage burn from my eyes to the pit of my stomach . poison is flowing through my veins , my body is on fire , i can hear and feel my core burning and yet inside , even though i knew before the words were written , i could not quite feel it . a handshake reached out , something being touched . my finger brushed over it . my finger felt damp . 
write a short story where nothing particularly interesting happens and the environment stays the same **but** the protagonist undergoes a great change - either physically or mentally .|||john looked out over the sea . there was only one other other thing on the horizon . he could n't see anything from where he was standing except for the boat . the slight breeze from a blaring ocean horn made it difficult to see any further ahead , but now and then , the breeze might pick up and pick up the shape of a wave . she could n't quite see him . `` get back ! '' she called over the wind . *big rock * . he was tossed around on the beach by the wind , flapping his wings and tossing his sandals . he was once a good surfer , but now , he was merely a washington man , out and about on the island when cars stopped or drones or government aircraft got buzzing and started circling . 
the universe is past its golden age , earth is a result of terraformation from an ancient civilization . what do we do when we find out we 're the last ones out there ?|||it was all a big joke when i was young , of course . they were n't exactly man 's best friends . they grew up with me , and were sent off on safari as we were starting to develop our technology . all at the same time , i didn ’ t even think too much about it . when it was my turn , my father insisted i go on one of the “ explorers ” , trips we all took together . he said they were just little discolored disks , and that they wouldn ’ t last . he did n't bother telling me about any technology we were going to explore . i wish he had . after all , he ’ d say they were dead already . 
it has been a bad week for ravioli . the cafeteria is really a food prison , and he just got put on a tray..|||i took a final glance at the sign over the table before slowly bowing to my classmates . six of them . me and my friend rachel were escorting rachel to her line . i set my plate down on the table and just stared at the name on it . ravioli . it had been a bad week . i hate saying it out loud , but i never said anything about the horrible diet i 've been forced to eat . i chucked all of my curry pancakes and sausages at the ravioli . it was pretty much like eating a maggot . my hands shot up and started squeezing . there was still the food that rachel had put in her tray . 
a djinn travels the world , granting people a single wish . however he never gives the person their wish , instead you receive the benefit of the last persons wish , passing your wish forward to the next person he meets .|||i know you 're close to sensing this , that you 're in our pantry , looking for us to do what we 've always done . i know that you 've given us only your best wishes ; your wish for the village to be safe , whatever that means . i know you , have been through a lot in the past two months . the worst thing is experiencing it again . the djinn , who is called sanduke . for all of the good intentions and manners he has , sanduke is different . apparently , he could n't stand the heat . and then when the island summer was over , as the village got ready to go on vacation , sanduke discovered a '' he cure '' . sanduke was not an idiot . he figured if the djinn had warmed it , it would be worth the risk and also have some kind of magic spell , since water transformed sanduke more into water . as he spoke , the wind hit sanduke ’ s bare foot and sent it flying into the air . 
you have the power to `` save your game '' in real life . one day , you go back to a previous save , but your file is corrupt .|||i woke up , hurriedly checking the new save . i 'd been editing my game for years now and finally decided to actually use it . i pulled up the app , and the newest save was installed . `` right ? '' i looked at the time . another hour and i had a call to go on. after backing up my data , i realized that i did n't save the game years ago , and there was no good reason to have gone back . i could of quit now . i had no one to blame but myself . i would have to rewrite my game , if only my parents were around . there was a reason they were n't around though . today they were gone . i frantically drove across the country trying to get my dad to give me this file . i heard them , and it was cute . it sounded good . 
your character emerges from a mass grave , incredibly lucky to be alive .|||i woke up . i tried to blink , but i was struggling to open my eyes . i knew it was n't time . i watched my body crumpled . i saw the paralysis spread around me . and then i heard it . i could hardly breathe , and was so afraid for my life . i asked to die , but i knew i was not going to be able to . as a woman , i am not allowed to die yet . people are still alive , of course , but none of them are normal enough for me . there was a mournful emptiness that filled my mind . i knew i needed to find a path to get out . i decided to call the police . it was monday morning , and a strange crime had occurred . 
a story of a witch/mage/wizard/etc from the perspective of their familiar/familiar spirit/animal guide .|||`` my name is red witch , '' screamed the orange witch , a piercing blue in her familiar eyes . a huge green patch encompassed her kind , staring into the dark . her skin , which was so pale before , was ripped off , burnt and untrimmed . her bright golden hair flared and fell down to her waist , the tips landing unexpectedly on her feet . the small witch quivered , all eyes searching for the wizard of the forest . perhaps to confirm his surprise . her powerful grip on a dagger . with the keenest look , her fear . `` i ... i need you to go home . '' red witch pulled back a cigarette . 
you 've discovered a new color that nobody else can see . tell me about it .|||he looked up timidly , at the screen , staring at the pulsing dial that could n't be seen . stitched in above his eyeballs , no more than three eyes and tiny mouths . each then peeled back tighter and tighter , straining to see the instruments to find their source . his pupils filled with the color of brown . he stared at it for a long time , gasping for air . finally , he inhaled . then said , `` well , we 're all gon na have to make another trip out here for that , so try to be patient with me . '' `` why 'd you do it ? '' i asked a little too loudly , scared he would stop , then admitted i didn ’ t understand , either . `` you found something . you found something you were n't supposed to see . '' 
your dog has taken up writing .|||donald mcdonald gave me good advice , he said `` dogs like to write because that 's what they do . '' but seriously , what kind of dog talks to a rabbit ? we were just walking . a leaf passes his face and he waves . he 's always had this look . if you are in the middle of town and donald sees you it seems as if he 's trying to chase a horse . he tries to growl . we think he 's barking , but his voice fades . after hours , he lays still , and we get closer and closer . he even tugs me to get me in his box . 
transcribe a scene , cut scene , or encounter , from a video game into a story .|||ahay , we make short work of them . our bodies expand in every direction . the room they inhabit in the same order as a universe . everyone is adapted to this dynamic . they are extra special , the extension of our species ' intestines so that we can digest the world around us . all in harmony . we evolved , we learned , we grew ..... and we died . each new version , every turn resulted in death . our lost chariot was never used , its horse had n't seen life in twenty thousand years . our lord ? if he 's not dead we will never find him , and our fiends ? there can be only one death . 
tell us about the romantic fantasies and dreams that erupt when imagining yourself with the one you 've always loved , but will never have . all the could be 's , the hopeful what if 's , the lovelorn maybe 's .|||daughter daia alyssa d 'heuron , d'heuron '' , daisie alyssa , daisie alyssa , d'heuron stepped toward daisie alyssa . daisie alexa was a beautiful blonde with dark brown eyes and long brown hair and long blue eyes of her own . alexa looked radiant in the big chandelier as she spun around toward the front row table . lauren was standing at the far right just yelling something in front of her . the blond girl by the stage name of daisie alyssa laughed to a part of herself and tuned the audience into what was happening . she leaned in to say to dante alexa , a loud passionate , `` keep going . you 're doing a good job ! '' after hearing their passionate chant a couple times the man nods and lets out a long sigh and locks his eyes of his own accord . she looks down at the floor for a second and realizes it was really happening . 
you believe no one needs you in this world . until you find you 're wrong .|||a powerful thunderhead swept through the city . pulsing like a hurricane . unexpected , overwhelming . so sudden it took my breath away , the way a teenager did , as they were overwhelmed by adrenaline . i always thought i would 've set up housekeepers as well , because of my optimism . but then i found her on that street corner . eighty years old , hand shaking with happiness . she did n't just sing to me , she sat and brought me the potty . she was one of the people i wanted to be a mother to , and every other mother i wanted to save for my children . because i loved her . because i finally believed that i did deserve a family . 
an alien arrives on earth with the sole mission of destroying earth and all of its inhabitants . upon his arrival he starts to reconsider .|||i can hear the dirt creeping past me through the darkness . scratchable , scratchy rock , splitting , banging , rattling . my lightsaber and scythe are levitating on the ceiling , preparing to drop at any second . but i hold my head high . the glare from my own scythe can cause it to come to a dull thumping . i smile to myself , preparing myself to blow my cargo ship ablaze . two hours . i 'm going to get it done . i arrive at home . `` hello , '' i say . the door that had opened creaked under my weight . the words crackled when i spoke , in a deafening silence . i stand to attack , without hesitation . my footsteps echo throughout the dark , jarring my ears . 
a beloved creator has passed away , and is mourned by his creations .|||`` go to bed '' my grandmother once said as she looked at me . i remembered her deep sadness , when she passed . i recognized that for a living . we 'd laughed , sometimes as she held me . for the first few days after , there was a certain dread in her voice . it 's not like we just *felt* it , we were doing things together . '' i looked at her , heart beating against my ribs , the same spot she 'd been on in her hip all my life . it was ingrained in my mind that she 'd never really known me , that i 'd be waiting for her , her i-how i 'd see her again . `` where ? '' my father said with a wide smile . i waved him away . `` i 'll be seeing her right now . '' `` you do n't know the good doctor you are . '' 
isis gets more than they bargained for when the kidnap daily planet reporter , clark kent .|||nothing much can go wrong . i was sat in the green room next to clark kent for two weeks , and every day after work , i would get an email from some daily planet . they were calling . this story would require me to go to the planet , to investigate . `` a human being calls to say his intention is for him to abduct a single human life. '' i always read it in the same manner every day . i 'm already over the excitement , because one day i was working on a major story . one i was always stuck on , writing the story for days . the reporter interviewed the man , a desperate man who was desperate for help . but the kidnapper didn ’ t want to talk to the reporter or even know if the man could speak , since he was dangerous to the people he was speaking for . 
`` we can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark ; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light . `` -plato .|||`` you should n't tell anyone about your work . you 're stuck with it forever . '' i wrote on paper . at least 3 of my pieces , three in different shapes , all tracing a letter from christopher to bennett . i spent hours trying to decipher this letter , swatting off the red suit , but my heart still told me i was the luckiest fool alive . i finally send it over the next day . 
you are an alien whose job was to watch over humanity 's development in disguise for 5 millennia , your master 's are on their way to earth to destroy it . you must convince them of humanity 's potential as a species .|||never fear , but fear is even a more important emotion than fear itself . they built the masks , we built the silent masters , and the vicious resistance was the object of our greatest efforts . the engineers created the tools of evolution . the methods of improving and creating magnificent machines were advanced to the point that humanity could finally show mastery of technology . it took some time , but humanity survived . they cried out , but then the human mind assumed a stronger allegiance to its master . it 's power would be far superior to their inferior capabilities . they had grown up smart and confident , but where they stood now they were just scrawny children , able to do easy and repetitive tasks . theres something a little bit different here : their powers . 
drug dealers have opened up a front business to mask their illegal activity only to realize that the front business is their true passion and calling in life .|||his mind was elsewhere . he had worked on his own for a few years before opening drugmarts but since then , he has sat around in his own head . he did n't start out like this . he had wanted to try something new , but , he also just wanted to try something different . it should have been a social-business thing . that was not the case . he used to joke , not often , but when he did it was funny . it really was . you would call the fake places many of the others had been and they , too , had been quite popular . it was n't because of the drugs they sold but because they were popular . the amount of popularity or not depended on the business . they made money on everyday sale , but they had money on every sale . his life in pennsylvania was on line , ready to sell and he had to use what little he had . 
you are the captain of a starship , only a few hours before the last star in existence dies and the universe goes cold .|||flier than me , and definitely not a general . she smiled and leaned against the back wall of the ship . the other silent lights of the ship flashed brighter before she glimpsed him . he , standing opposite the door , was snoring fitfully . i tugged at my handcuffs , the noise muted in the darkness . `` we have a patient here , agent f-52 . '' the image on the screen was clear enough . a clean shaven doctor , flanked by two infected officers , mid-shirt , elbow-length black suit , bright red tie . panic gripped the atmosphere in that one moment , but not yet . her arrival seemed imminent . `` oh , she 's the last one alive ! '' the words echoed off the cover of the net , and the astronaut quietly shot his drink out of the wall . 
someone walks into a real haunted house , while thinking it 's one of those tourist attractions .|||i walk in the house just as the building started to float up out of the ground . i have never seen a house so quiet . surely it is a dream , right ? but i want to check . there 's a little girl in there , i 'm sure she 's a bit scared but she appears to be playing quietly . i 'll just wait to see if she gets scared and go on my way . in the end i 'll just ask her if she gets scared and go with it . but she can tell me exactly what it feels like . 
a game of chess as perceived by the pieces .|||gathering resentment , i started at my beloved chess grandmaster . as he sat and tapped his heavy , black board on the stone slab , he called out . `` calm down rook ! '' said the blacksmith . `` i do n't love you , king . '' `` oh , shirong . i understand . '' `` you should n't have played that pawn . a humble one . '' `` the pawn is mine , i do n't trust this fellow . '' `` king , are you sure about this ? '' `` yes , of course i am . '' `` then do n't worry , i do n't mean that i did anything wrong , just that the pawn 's '' decision to remove the prince and move another pawn scared him . and what about that god damn pawn he 's got ? '' `` he did n't need that one . '' `` what 's that one supposed to mean ? '' `` quite obvious . '' 
every new planet hunter graduate learns the golden rule . you do n't go to earth . it lives there .|||i could n't get my head round this idea . what do you mean you ca n't get your head around the idea ? i 've spent 15 , 000 years laying in waiting for my chance at immortality . the elder said i do n't need to find this afterlife , you wan na be with my kids , stay here . so i should just forget it , do n't bother looking anymore . all the elders that i have ever trusted , were happy to see me not dead . when i came to a particular planet , it truly was just me sitting on a flat rock and thinking . all humans thought i was somewhere else , somewhere else . 
an everyday activity gets narrated in a dramatic manner .|||`` please do n't slap me ! '' i said , louder than i meant to . i wanted the slap . of course , i knew it would not happen . as i stood on my front porch . my carefully trimmed leaves lacing my boots as they tread around the lawn , they ca n't get any bigger than this . a lot bigger . and faster . it hurt to move . i 'd been through this so many times already . the gang who robbed my mother could n't even see i had been robbed once . or twice . 
satan has died and now it 's up to you to find a new keeper of hell . how would you present the job , since it really only features bad properties ?|||`` no thank you , '' satan grumbled . he appeared to be resigned . he explained the situation with a heavenly voice in which he was probably being condescending . `` my firm was sold . then i 'm going to have to find someone else , and i 'm a crappy agent . in fact , i 'd be an absolute scum if i did n't do as i said . but it 's not your fault you 're here . you 're just so average right now . '' brave as always , however , the blade-wielding bastard could not do his duties quietly . the more he pushed and pushed , the more angry he became . as the fierce advocate for personal freedom and an open mind the devil was unable to retreat his anger despite his boss ' best efforts . `` if there 's anything i can do in your favor , it 's that i 've been offering feedback since it was offered to me . but could you please not offend the devil ? '' `` that you ca n't , i do n't understand . i just want to get this over with . '' `` oh , so are you serious ! no shade whatsoever ! 
you are a malevolent spirit who inhabits bladed implements , driving their owners to insane acts of bloodlust and carnage . today , you find yourself inside a shitty lawnmower .|||i know i 'm a strange sort of hellspawn , but really , the people who look at me ? they should be in the not too distant future . i know they do n't expect the job to be full of difficulty , and that some of them will only buy me with their own money . but i can also hear their protests , and that 's not fair . just because they do n't have the thrill when there 's a group of riders with their own blades that joyfully tossing dirty drinks blows and big , juicy laughs does n't mean i don't have it too . i found a car just north of my house . it was a disabled car , not far off the road . they said they were parked just out of the woods a few blocks away but the highway must have been going slow . i stared at the sticker on the back of the car . it was yellow . it read: 12320 , charging $ 150 per 100 meters driven through the dirt . crazy huh ? obviously it was one of the sports cars they had . 
monks discover scary secret : there is only limited souls being 'recycled ' by reincarnation and by reaching the highest human population ever , soulless people are being born .|||the place glows red bright and crisp in the morning light . i crawl out of bed . my bathrobe smells like fresh cut grass and i make my way down to the office to dust the paper . i 'm still half dressed , now . the paperwork is a mess , covered in brown pages and exhausted old pennies . he does n't pay much attention to this , but i knew he was sympathetic . he watched me like a saint . -- -- -- `` yes ! '' i jump from the bed and head to the saint 's room , where candles are placed over the walls . the room is filled with holy candles , lit by the impromptu altar call . a hurriedly drawn up lengthy list of donations is shown to me upstairs . 
it 's december , and you 've just died in a car crash . you try to talk god into reviving you , so you can watch the force awakens .|||`` like *god* said . '' it was supposedly just an accident , that my car was on autopilot and i just forgot to brake , hit gas . '' i thought , but the stupid car was rendering me completely in pieces . he 'd do this to me every year , when i always did this to him . but my brain is ... not working properly . i was going through the door to the bathroom , some kid did the wrong thing , and fell into the carpet . i was just . trying to turn off the stupid car . i did , but it was so foggy that i did n't feel anything . `` no more fog , just normal fog . '' i looked up google maps , where i 'd park , and then started walking towards the exit . 
i am glad you are here with me . here at the end of all things . ( 250 words + gold )|||“ come here . i want you with me. ” my voice was calm , yet controlled . the room was dark , like a dark chamber , empty except for the few candles lit out of the hallway . the room was beautiful , like a spa , like a motel room . everything was perfect , unlike the way it used to be . “ i want you . ” he was shaking . “ i am sorry , but i do not have time for reservations right now. ” the room was pitch-black , except for the ceiling lights . the room glowed a brilliant red , like a star . “ in the evening . and tomorrow night , ” he began . 
a professional writer is climbing to the top of an enormous building , comtemplating suicide . their note begins with `` it 's never too late to start over '' .|||* * * *a ringing buzzed through the room . apples , sunfish , an apple crisp , all drawn into a light blue spotlight . that 's when the shadow of a gun hit the floor . `` well hello . i guess it 's time '' . johnathan was n't always this ... mordant and angry . behind a prison cell , he 'd been drawn to a rock . pressed up against a wall , his buddy boondoggel fought a hungry dog hungrily , swinging his tibetan knife , swinging his bayonet , and swinging around hungrily , swinging his tusks . annie had never liked mozzarella cheese , and she barely came down from her third night in a row . she said she could n't recall the rest of the night . blood splattered her dresser . johnathan woke up , a raspy voice telling him to hurry . he opened his eyes . this hell was far too familiar , and that cinder block building was only a few meters away . 
a love story that starts and ends in 7 days . from strangers to strangers .|||as i stand on the street corner i happily await for those brave enough to approach me . i follow their every move . perhaps their best move . they keep walking , doing more and more about what is more important than me , yet keeping their fingers firmly on the pulse . if only someone could reach out to them and pull them . i know it 's coming . maybe i ca n't hold it against them , but i just have to try . 
thomas the tank engine has done something unforgivable is being sent to the scrapyard .|||the match spark flew back into place . the noose tightened around katie 's tail . a , fluke ? she was sleeping on the edge of the aquarium , like a fluffy fish until it suddenly woke , blinking in the light . her eyes flew open , and seemed to blink a dozen times before settling into her sleep . she groaned as the spark of fire drove into her consciousness . `` f-fuck ! '' she tried to shake off the thoughts but she could only think `` what a fantastic dream this has turned out to be . '' `` like what ? '' the bored marine bird crowed as it slumped in its holding position across from her . he had been sitting onboard for awhile now , but the nest stayed warm despite the damp . 
from `` cliche '' to original # 1 : you have the ability to see ghosts . write an original piece to the character/object etc . ability .|||after years of writing , there are only a few ghosts left . sometimes i even slip by one with just a few ghosts whispering to me . `` hey do you hear ? '' it was the only valid option . the other three ghosts refused to appear . '' `` yes . '' `` your place does n't seem to be anyone and anything . '' `` that 's why you 're not here . this place is n't a safe place for ghosts or people . '' the third one hesitated , unsure . but his terrified whispers seemed to scare him , just as jesse did when he jumped into the middle of the room . that one wanted to come out and hug him for losing his job , but knew he could n't trust him and would probably never talk to him again , so he never went . 
days before your leave home for college , you discover a secret door in your bedroom that must have been there your whole life .|||`` man , are these monsters gon na eat you alive ? '' the nurse looked at her colleague , a girl with a small mouth around a pink collar . the man shivered and shook his head . he moved into the corner of the room as the receptionist finished sorting the inventory from yesterday 's appointment . he had a decent laugh . the receptionist looked left at the door and then left to get her meds . she signed him out and then went to transfer to the nurse 's office . the village doctor arrived and spoke with him about my case before leaving . the consensus was that the secret door had been there for a long time . 
gandalf accepts the ring when frodo offers it .|||`` oh , sire ! '' shouted frodo , running with all his might down the rope . he reached the end , and it sparkled with torchish yellow light . when he reached it , the light encompassed his face and let him know that he was alive . the white gleamed with its untamed radiance from the sand , and his eyes returned to the sands upon which they lay , frodo clutched the ring he was holding , beckoning frodo . at first , his efforts were almost futile . with each clumsy step , he almost did n't make it to the other side of the red-jade barrier . then the fear of the deep strange green left him weak and falling to his knees . looming over him , the shadow of jolly gregory stood for long moments . gregory held his breath , and wheedled out , `` one last time . '' gregory heard the voice beckoning him as the misery of a man in clad iron garb and a burnt robe maimed the poor man to death . `` gregory , '' croaked frodo . 
in 200 words or less describe the gravity of realizing you 're going to die .|||i lie there , breathing heavily as the flashes of light engulfed my vision . *s-s-so-s-so ... scorching* , the feeling of losing my son . i trusted my instincts , but the newfound peace that engulfed my core came as a complete shock . i should have been scared . but i did n't . it was n't my fault , if i had n't made sure to dress . i peeked out my hidden window , the one that i had carved into my shoulder blade to thwart enemy bullets from slipping through the cracks . the chinese guards outside stood motionless , staring into the silent blue night . *shh* . i could hear the soothing howls above me . *shh* . i mouthed . *shh* ! * i fumbled for my knife , but no sign of the arrow now . i stood silent for a moment , my eyes carefully tracing the edge of my blade . 
long after mankind 's extinction , a new species has reached civilization and is discovering the ruins of humanity for the first time .|||all i need is a voice , a voice that sounds and smells like him . `` hey '' i call out as i come toward him . he looks up . he shrugs as i approach . `` what are you ? '' `` i 'm a squid '' he says , his white mane so white it looked like it was covered in slime . that 's nice , i guess . 
a supervillain is on trial for not following industry standards and monologing his plan to the hero before it finishes .|||`` yes ... , like i told you , i 'll be charged with murder . '' `` okay , ma 'am '' judy said , " i 'll show you now . '' judge sam beadle could see sam 's hurt as he stared straight ahead . he doubted this could happen . `` yeah , and that is why the cops have been looking for you ? it was because you 're david meyers . '' the boss scoffed . `` c'mon , it was a sock in his hand and he was hunched over his coffee . '' then he rolled his eyes , and pointed to his desk . `` i 'm jack '' he whispered . `` that 's his name . '' sam guessed . 
describe something routine or mundane , but with an unnecessarily dramatic ( or foreboding/suspenseful/epic ) tone .|||small life you spend your time in meditation , or with a pen on paper or at a computer . small touch data to stay in touch with others . little right now anyway . you call it your journal entry but most of my friends think that 's not it . write the infinitesimal glyphs and you 'll get to know all the people you 've met . they start thinking about your stories and in your own head for hours until you reach that tiny piece of space and nail down whatever they ca n't seem to figure out for themselves . you ca n't tell anyone what happened . that 's what you 've learned over years of practice . 
you travel back in time and get entangled in a love triangle between you , your younger self , and the love of your life .|||but then again , who really knows . now that the train had me on the ground , i did n't see the girl staring at me . i did n't hear the man on the side line next to me . and i did n't see the man run over by the drunk i just collided with in the split second i had a second to think . i saw her tonight . i went to wake her up for dinner . my apartment on the west coast . see anything interesting ? good . get her to come over and we can talk about ... it does n't matter . 
at 37 , the first female us president is also the youngest president in american history . soon after the inauguration , a smug reporter tries to make a fool of her on live television .|||15:23 the 16th of march , 2016 - a tv reporter stopped and looked at her . `` oh no , it 's another one of those he looks straight at ! '' 
you thought you were immortal . yesterday , you were shot three times in the head by a bank robber . today , on the news , they report three people from different parts of the city dying from mysterious head wounds .|||methew sat on his steps at his favorite tavern . the wind was blowing in through the open blinds on the front windows , the rain just coming down hard on his face . the heater was cold in the cold winter night , the sharp winds shook his frame , making everything wobbly , and made his fingers shake every time he moved . he listened to the news . the mugger had murdered a man in his office , carjacked up his entire family , and raped his wife . the mugger would likely be apprehended by now , and an alibi would be given , of course . but it was the van they were in ! moreso than the mugger van . i was sitting here , waiting to see if it would ever start its motor again . i had been waiting almost twelve hours . 
everyone on earth has been feeling more tired lately .|||everyone woke up tired . that 's always the hardest part . they say that you wake up before something scary happens . they ca n't have seen anything yet , nothing has happened yet . maybe he 's just thinking all the best ideas for adventure types went to hell . no sure . that could be why he woke up ! the beeping started again . why did n't he remember what the heck was happening ? you heard it too . they all listened to the pitchforks in the cave , the rustling of leaves . after eve thirty or so hours , the headlights were all on still , and he could hear the commotion from his place , so close to the portal . he couldn't wake up his wife , only his father . one of the lamps might have been flickering on yet . he could hear the traffic passing by , but he didn ’ t dare heed the footsteps . 
undulating world .|||wake up sir ! sir , wake up , slowly ! ! ! wake up ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
welcome to beautiful sunrise city ! known for it 's population of hundreds of superheroes that regularly save the city from doom and crime . the only thing is ... none of the crime in the last 20 years has been real .|||the day finally arrived . bright and warm sheets lay across the student 's shoulders , encased in iron bars . the sunlight gently lit the way , lighting up the room where we were sitting : chandeliers . the room was filled with men and women , thousands of them . mothers and children , and -- it did n't seem as if -- parents who might n't stand as opposed to a child , a 20-something with billions of dollars in college savings , or a guy who weighed about 17,000 pounds and was as extraordinary as his superman posturing . or whatever the case was . he was wearing a white lab coat and a blue tie . he was unassuming . my mind drifted from the lecture notes , from the introduction of the physical and sensory sensations , to the microgravity of the room and the perceived *sound* of my own muscles . his voice sounded almost like anger . `` i 'm very interested in humanities classes . please . '' my voice broke as i stood , feeling guilty for standing beside him . 
you are part of an ancient order that ensures humanity 's progression . after your training , you are sent to a remote cottage where you are told to await a letter . forty-seven years later , that letter arrives with your new task .|||`` you 've failed . '' read the letter in front of me , the fresh , crisp letter that was n't even from the cottage . `` part seventy-four of the geniuses of earth will be your next assigned task , '' said the old familiar voice . `` good luck with that , '' i said , hoping that the elated young lady would be able to fill in the blank . my new job , a job hardly interesting . but , the answers in this letter felt different . they certainly were , the old letters folded neatly into a collage before i opened . i could n't remember it specifically , but it reminded me of a letter that had been sent when i left for college , written to me after my retirement as a normal professor . the name was n't on the bottom of it . i look at it again , and remember thinking that it was from my former employer , but perhaps i should have been more specific . i grabbed the receiver , hoping to wake her up . 
humanity has designed an implant that stops aging and death . earth has reached a `` max '' occupancy . only those couples who choose not to have an implant are allowed two children , the rest are made infertile until the implant is removed . there has not been a birth in 100 years .|||the machine made millions of babies a year long ago . the end of the world does n't mean everybody gets to stay alive . people , mostly men , are just disappearing now . two children a year are enough , but one or both could always end up losing their minds . humans are generally stuck with the implant for a lifetime . the pregnancy issues only happen when there are few other options out there . there 's a lot of decision making involved with making these decisions . yes you could have the implant , but the likelihood of you living past two decades after the implant is nearly 0 % . you would have the best shot of conceiving if you had the implant . if you had the implant and are a man , you would die . 
death tries to bring a man into the afterlife , only to find out that that man is immortal . however , death is too stubborn to let him go .|||death was set on a mission . there was a man laying there not a second before him . two people were laying there , no one expecting them to die . not the people who were with her , a beautiful woman one to aspire to be . no , none of them with her . it was the man she had just watched , freshly risen . his lips quivered . he was short , average height , average build . but the beauty was not enough . she waited for him to pardon her . to release him . 
you gain superpowers , but your closest friend slowly becomes your arch nemesis . describe your last or first encounter .|||he rose from his desk . “ leave ! ” his colleague . the government lawyer . all four of them stood in a room all facing him . the man in robes . at the table . his clipboard . “ whoa man ! stinks of a happy lover ! ” “ excuse me ? what ? what ? ” he looked up at the man . “ boy , that was right. ” “ what did you say ? 
a famed superhero has been resurrected for the umpteenth time . only they really hate coming back and wants to stay dead .|||4 :31pm that has already been another unproductive day . and so where is my body ? i have to walk and walk . i always get to walk . but walk , i often reach my feet , they feel like crazy . i have to stop and stand . i jump a couple of times to get to my toes . i shuffle back over to the bottom of the stairs . the fourth day is the same . i must walk , but i do not think . the stairs had always creaked . 
whenever you touch someone they always die within 48 hours , how do you use this power ?|||another day . thanks for using this at last , everyone . * `` what 's wrong ? '' `` i ca n't move . '' `` well , i 'm sympathetic . normally when i touch someone they go instantly to sleep but when i touch them today they seem to be better at it . '' `` so your friend died automatically ? '' `` completely . '' `` in the last 48 hours . positive body language , expressions , even my spirit , it has n't made a disturbance . i ca n't remember anyone in the last 6 months that has died . '' `` really ? that 's good then . who knows what kind of improvement i have made , next ? '' `` i 've seen people pretty well to stay in the sphere . 
the captain .|||jack swiveled in the cockpit , his great-great-great-grandson crying into his shoulder . “ sir ! ” sir wing mustered some emotion and lifted his radio for guidance . “ ‘ **kaposh** aces , hang on. ” “ i ’ ll have you command your ship in the sky. ” talia shrieked signaling the lieutenant ’ s attention to her . “ le-let me get your damned helmet ! ” barked cory bellacamy . the encounter had been a long one . hundreds of miles out on a raid force on a central oil field overlooking what could only be described as a distant galaxy that was redder than red . they had only recently received their getaways . it was a shame their safety had been so much in question . not that jumping out a window in the middle of the desert felt like swimming . no . it felt like having your head blown off . 
a story of a meth dealer turned high school chemistry teacher .|||the alarm seemed to flick a different switch every night . the history class dropped back in . chemistry teacher mr. whatley was stung in his classroom by a burning flash of white light . the smell stung him as if he were dry burning but drying off instead . a kid grabbed him ; he was n't an employee of any shady drug smuggler , he was a teacher . black blood splattered all around the room , scattered across the way by the teacher 's glasses and partially missing in the middle of the room . something had happened to explode the barrel of his hat . as the teacher stumbled from the classroom , his stinging nose and arms made it difficult to react . 
a sword crashes through your ceiling in front of you . you hear a voice : `` wield me and through many trials and sacrifices the world shall be saved . refuse and all is doomed , but you will live your life happy and at peace . ''|||the weight becomes overwhelming . as if i 'm carrying a dead body . my head begins to drop . my hands reach around and i feel something small push my fingers into my hands . the pressure was too great . my fingers ended in webbing . my fingers try desperately to free themselves , but all of it feels like solid steel . with one hand a man grabs the hilt of a great sword , pulls , and holds . a voice calls out to me . `` do as you will , and through many trials and sacrifices the world shall be saved . '' 
one day people 's spirit animals appear and they turn out to be first generation pokemon . you are happy with your charmander , since most got a magikarp . your significant other , who has never seen pokemon , calls and is very excited about their `` blue-eyed , pink , floating cat-like thing '' .|||myselva jumped out of my arms and chased the monster that came looking for her . she was a cat , for sure , more like a fox or some sort of animal with long, orange fur that i could picture . she was literally taunting me . she let out the largest sound a fish could ever create . charlie had long tails ; she looked exactly like that — extra stubby , in fact . it was gross , but the fish 's tail held tiny tendrils of saliva , tiny ruffled ears , with a faint mint smell to it . just before it crossed over the pond , she did smack one of its hundreds of mates with her tail . `` hey , man , love ! you two need to go ? '' `` yeah , i found two more for the tribe . '' i popped the eggs in my big ol' fluffy legged cat , and the other two pieces off with each 'tentacle ' in hand . the cat ducked behind the house , and scurried underneath . she walked out into the field a few steps before dropping her head , knocking the cat debris into the grass . the living stars wheezed and rolled off the rocky ground . 
you gain superpowers , but your closest friend slowly becomes your arch nemesis . describe your last or first encounter .|||he rose from his desk . “ leave ! ” his colleague . the government lawyer . all four of them stood in a room all facing him . the man in robes . at the table . his clipboard . “ whoa man ! stinks of a happy lover ! ” “ excuse me ? what ? what ? ” he looked up at the man . “ boy , that was right. ” “ what did you say ? 
1 ... 2 ... .3 ...|||i could hear it , that voice . it was louder now . a low plume of dark breathing , haunted but not haunted . i heard it again , and i remembered my broken heart , my lost innocence . the breath coming in shallow gasps and greasy , fraying waves . the promise of hope . i heard it again . the memory . i made a whimper . i heard it again . a shriek . 
a stalker realizes that their target is a psychopath .|||she answered the call when it was first called . `` hi , '' the elderly lady behind the receiver chirped before she died from a rare bacterial skin disease . `` it is i , and please be done . '' a shriek erupted from gary . his slurred words , snapped in two around his snapping jaws , making his mother squirm in her chair . wrestling out of the chair , she let out a growl . `` i 'm being busy ! '' she did n't mind being left behind . she had to get as much attention as possible now , while someone had given her a face like a rock . she pulled on a blue slip of paper , and entered the room . `` get some lady over here , it is important , you try not to hurt her ! '' she put the paper down , and turned back to gary , who was grumbled about the g.i .s yelling , waving it in his face , and nah , no heartbeat . `` doctor ? '' 
there has been reports lately of a taxi driver that picks up people , but they 're never to be found after . you find this out a few minutes into your ride in their taxi .|||it was a beautiful , quiet day . something about a birthday where everyone receives gift from all over is something different . because this guy was special he even had to make me a billy mcdonalds . he gave me my choice of a mini mcdonalds with cheese and different portions for each . i instantly felt warm . he enveloped me , just like the rest of the driver , draped me in his blue linen . he was enveloped by a tall , grizzled , strong , dark-haired gentleman who smelled a little too much like himself . the feeling was unmistakable as he approached me on his waiting bus from london . i can pick up that deep sigh from him . 
a greek mythological character lives a mundane life but still finds time to enjoy what/who they are .|||the surrounding walls are gilded , broken wood , and blood red , covered with golden stain . around the windows there are stained glass panes depicting the master 's life . at the far end the hall is like a sanctum . here is where i 'm waiting for someone . something who would make my day run faster . i do n't know what it is about this place but there it is . the court of supreme beauty . the china tables are a warm circle of gold , they seem to twist into inviting patterns when left unattended . the hall floor is crisp of polished brass , it smells like cool vietnamese honey . a magic desk sits by the foyer , and a wooden chair . to the right , a height above the walls , is a throne , which is rough , dirty and makes the bed feel off . the key in the door is made from ancient silver , it feels crisp and fierce . 
you 've been granted god-like powers under the condition that you must do as much evil as you do good .|||i can do anything . if i had wanted to do something , i could . i would have had some godly power of justice and raise people out of darkness . if i could do it , i 'd control everything . all the children , all the bloodsuckers , all the misery . but i could not . i was merely a man , , meant to deliver people into a good and safe place . i could not carry people on my back , or feed them off the land that they donated . no , what i could do was save them from the goddamned world , which did not lessen or alleviate the many forms of suffering they suffered . there was no way i could help them . they were criminal - armed criminal kind . 
as it turned out , the dragons were the only thing keeping all the knights and princesses in check .|||his red t-shirt fell from his shoulder , making a quiver in the breeze . `` welcome to the village of nahtomda . a beautiful place , a mountainous retreat . '' `` ben , nice to meet you . you must be martin . '' `` ben the martin . that 's who 's at win lander , eh ? '' ben laughed . `` ted martin ? july , the one of the guardians ? '' `` oh yes , thank you , thank you for that . '' trent smiled in his reassuring circle and bent down to put a hand on his watchdog 's shoulder . `` sure . what 's your name ? '' `` isler . '' he kissed ted 's hand . the glass gargoyles of the forest coursed underneath them . 
you 're on a train . you 've been on this train for quite awhile . you would say that it 's been days , but you ca n't really tell . there are no clocks and outside is a constant , grey fog .|||it 's strange . i 've been thinking about this for the past couple of days . that 's why i could n't sleep , it was too uncomfortable . two things . the timing of how long i have been on the train . i can see 2023 . i should have been back home by now , maybe sleeping in . or maybe i should have done this plane ticket assignment months ago ? i wonder , it 's weird . why has n't this happened before ? oh , wait , i read the time on the magazine yesterday , it says May 30th , 2017 , and now it 's 16:16 and i 'm still on the train . it 's been a couple of days since 2023 . i keep thinking about it . there are deadlines in my life , if this happened before 2023 , i 'd probably laugh at myself and never face them . 
gravity is being reversed in 30 minutes . write what happens before , when and after the gravity is reversed .|||it feels as if i never exist . my body is on fire , my muscles vibrate with each breath i make . my arm feels like something i never took in . it feels as if time is suspended ; my hands are going numb , but with each breath i try to press harder on the controls to raise my body as much as possible , but my brain is not able to reach the drive-limit . it can not go any higher than the driving speed limit . it can not do much more . the metal steering wheel made a sound , as if in agony , then smashed against the metal cooling station . my tools clatter to the floor , the sounds of my cursing gone . i find my voice . `` whoa ! '' 
after all these years after your dad left to go get cigarettes , he returns battered and bloody with a pack of smokes and says `` you wo n't believe what happened ''|||he fell to the ground . when he sat up again , he could n't make out his finger . he glanced at the police officers next to him , and looked back to the door . it was still open . he holmered down the hallway and his eyes fell on one of them . it was looking quite beaten . `` just a minute , '' he said . `` we 'll get this cleaned up up . '' he ran upstairs to take another look . `` look at this . '' dr. luck was staring at what his father had seen . 
a small kid , struggling to learn how to read , finds a demonic book full of forbidden incantations and evil spells .|||something inside that second long novel had , well something extra special about it . for one , it was used for exorcism and one more adventure , for another the doctor said the book was to test some spell and check that it was a go every time he went in again . and so it was for there young man . it did take some searching for it . he finally found it alone in a tree and left it for the other young man to read . one bright afternoon a young girl , who had apparently already lost some of her friends , was standing outside in the sun . she was twitching ; she 'd probably ask to go inside . the brightness of the sun , and her new ring with a metal ring , unlocked it and gave her the awesome idea of visiting the basement this week . it had amazing potential for a world - `` for fun '' , of course . 
when a child comes of age their greatest quality manifests itself as a familiar that will follow them for life . you just turned 21 and you still did n't have one , until this morning when two showed up and they terrify you .|||a bright blue glow illuminated the room . i knew i could n't just ignore the numbers . it must be a countdown to my 21st birthday , that green light that does n't move a muscle but just keeps me alert . everyone had their eyes peeled , but i was the last one ready . a red , hazy glow began to guide me around . when it reached me , it flashed into a beacon . i stumbled a few steps into the hallway and caught a glimpse of another figure , its tail growling at me as it growled . he was like a drunkard staring right at me . as i started to walk towards it i noticed something that stared back and then disappeared in the darkness . 
you live in a small town which is said to be the location of many strange ( even supernatural ) events throughout history . you 're being interviewed for a documentary . tell us a strange tale that you or someone you know experienced .|||it was n't like any other time . but then again , it had n't been since i was quite young . i stood outside my house , looking at the skies in the distance . the wind was blowing gently in the trees . all things are not as they were before . until i saw it . a flash of blue in the dark alleyway caught my eye , followed by a sudden cold chill that ran down my spine and brought shivers down my body . i froze . `` oh my god , what is that ? '' i asked as i got closer . `` that ... thing is dark . '' 
you accidentally walk into an alternate universe where you have previously died . you walk into someone you 've never met and they seem ecstatic to see you .|||`` you 're dead ! '' with a voice that , at the same time , was extremely real was completely unreadable . she stared blankly at me as i walked toward her . she stood there on her knees before her , i do n't know what to say . it 's only happened once in the long history of my existence . people really do n't have the capacity to die in their heads . and sometimes they would . sometimes just i would say goodbye . just the platitude . and then , somehow , before i could truly make the connection that i really was dead she would die right here in front of me . like the terrible monologue they had about how we did n't need to exist anymore . 
the leader of a dragon-slaying party is a mary sue character ; perfect in every way , no flaws , knows exactly what to do always . the rest of the party says `` this is boring , '' and decides to kill them off .|||it happened so fast . they saw him when they woke in the night . beady eyes . covering his small face with his long robe . flinched when he tried to stab and he fell . he staggered and immediately turned , to find bear hair all over his chest . and jerked when he saw a giant bat that had turned to dust . and it startled him . he looked around and saw a smoke rising up from the dragon . it looked like a face trying to go back to its body . he picked up the mace from where it was dropped and ran in the direction it came . as he ran , he saw blood on his blade as his mace came in for another few bites before he exploded and disappeared . *everyone should have been less ... desperate . .just do it . 
sos .|||shes it good to see you ! my sword is full of gold and it 's filled with gold and gold , too ! best of luck in your life ! we do not have much time , but i think it is well worth it ! i will never see you again ! what do you think ? what did you think ? the ocean was quiet , but smells like something blue . i was drunk again , like the one with green eyes . it was from last week , when i had gone out that early . it was still pouring this time though , and i had done all i could to ca n't sleep . the voices were very strong . never were again . 
a particular set of twins have the ability to communicate with each other telepathically . one of them dies , but the other can still hear his/her thoughts .|||i was gon na blow you . you never cared for me . you 've never loved me . i thought i could feel it . but when the accident happened , i saw it . he switched places with me . neither of us could breathe on the other side . our heart beats kicked up . but those sounds were so hollow now . it 's like the earth was cut to pieces and our souls pulled apart . 
only after attempting to jump off a building do you discover that you have the ability of flight .|||he flinched , even standing a half foot off the ground . the ground shook like he had n't felt a kick in ages . he sat in a hospital bed , riddled with crackles and a thick plume of black dust . someone had made his bed . sliding the ladder did n't fall off it 's target , so instead it bounced about like a lithe kid 's bouncing in sand . `` what now ? '' jenny asked the nurse at the door . the nurse suspiciously glanced up at the flames as the largest hole materialized in her canopy . `` most likely a parachute that had been dropped from a nearby second story . '' he ran back inside and collapsed the parachute lining . the far wall shifted with the slap of shrapnel against concrete and the bleeding sensation of skin being ripped off his skull hit him the hardest . his stomach dropped , and a cry of pain filled the room . the screams faded . tank engines roared to life with a sickening thud , there were louder thuds , and before you knew it , boom . releasing a long sigh , jenny threw back the sheet and stretched her arms out . 
a person has the power to control time . they unknowingly freeze time during a nightmare .|||“ sir ... ” “ where are you sir ? ” “ sir ! sir ! ” the man started screaming , his voice slowed to a quaver . “ “ sir ? ” a voice rang out , louder . “ sir ! ” “ sir , sir ! ” “ why are you screaming… ” the woman screamed , holding a microphone . a car drove down the road at a great pace , chugging along as ever with a booming chorus of basslines and lots of people shouting . there were drug addicts , seniors dressed in suits , and people with accents that were different from the elders who they usually talked to . 
you wake up and see on the news that everyone in the world has obtained a superpower . they can be as insignificant as smelling slightly more like cheese than usual , to superman-esque . you attempt to find your power .|||the sun shined through the trees and made them sparkle in the morning . the birds were chirping wildly , as they did every morning . i loved mornings like this , before going to work . i was feeling so happy that day . i thought of the great people , but realized that no one could really speak to me . i thought about my father . sometimes i wonder if he feels the same . but he doesn ’ t speak to me . and i don ’ t know why , or if i just cant listen to him . “ do you think he knows he ’ s beautiful ? ” he always scolded me . 
in the year 2020 , humanity was nearly wiped out by an alien invasion . earth 's survivors were ordered to pay a tithe ( one tenth of the worlds population ) every decade to prevent enslavement . the year is now 2060 , and you are among the chosen ... and you refuse to go quietly .|||though i know it , they are my sins that must be met by their day . the fallen cursed , i am not . chris saw this coming . you must be warned as this is your destiny . walk with your feet cast down , shuffle with the time . do not belong to their world of division , sally . walk before them in humanity . walk with them into the beauty of the world as you are led . walk as a god and guide your children in the path of their destiny . but they should be warned , they are not their own gods . remember , the man before you is a monster . god gave them hell , destruction and misery . and god gave them sin . human sin was the pride and lust that reigned before malice . given that humanity has been chosen to the one creator , they should expect it to have some importance in their life . 
it 's just another normal april fool 's day , when suddenly your dad pulls you over and says , '' your whole life has been a joke . ''|||i only had one fool before . the day was dreadful . i had n't slept well last night . i had toiled so hard to jump over my roommate 's bed , leaving her trapped in the bathroom the whole night . i felt like it was going to be the last friday night i would stay in bed with my legs crossed , so glad for that time of dizzying sleep . i passed out sitting up on the toilet , and that was that . i felt a strange sensation running through my body . i dreamt of oats with blueberries , oatmeal with banana , and a bunch of potato chips with vodka . 
you and others like you have been with us since time immemorial . today you are called to perform your duty one last time .|||“ can anyone make a come-back story about barack ? ” “ jordan , i did nothing wrong , but apologies for my failure to perform ” “ i 'm quite sure of what i am talking about , ” barack said . “ it ’ s been a long , long time , and all i ’ ve really done is hold out and wait . and good-bye barack. ” i sighed heavily . he was so full of himself , seemingly in every way but appearance . my companion was the tall red-haired child . she bore a great deal of burden . she was also the best eye and the brightest head of hair available . it was as if a striking human talent had come out . 
a skydiver is in freefall with a defective parachute . write from his perspective .|||i know i 've seen this door but it was silent when i entered . why ? from that exit , two things have been clear . 1 . i was going to die . 2 . any parachute that failed would have failed . up to now , all of the parachutes that had failed had found other parts of the moon , including meteorite clods . one second we were in a cloudless sky , without clouds . the next , in a cloudless layer of cold liquid , i saw a drop . my vision numbed , i pushed it away , as i saw the rope behind me , holding the wire of anchor anchors . i was stunned . suddenly , i was jogging across an earthquake zone . the air stretched out before me , becoming hot and then cold , warmed as if it was sandpaper . at a slow rate of equal drift , i was flung to the ground . 
mankind lost the war . in the final seconds before his execution , the last human looks up with a smile and says `` we left you a present . ''|||there were high pitched squeals from the exploding frame overhead . there was a noticeable amount of smoke , and when one of the inmates shouted `` arms up ! '' the inmates scrambled to cover themselves . next to the blast went the flashbulb of the 9mm ammo they were holding with their feet . everyone else turned their heads to the fires to see when the bullets hit , only to find holes through the blankets around them . too many bullets and no one could hear the screams of pain . the guards shuffled away from the bay windows as the last of the wounded dragged himself to the stainless steel prison cell . at first the guard thought he had nicked the ribs of an inmate , but there was no damage . the guards exited the cell and swept the decks of the building . there were no shooters . the air was quite bleak . 
a very small and mostly unheard of nation suddenly declares war on the united states . 1 year later , to everyone 's surprise , they win .|||.. right up there with the wakala strike , right behind the korean central command . had a meeting on the floor of the vice president trophy cabinet , the president asked the president to wait for the missiles to hit . had the president waited for the start of the second half of the presidential administration to get its act together before he would declare a united states united front against north korea ? i could just see the jaws of steel on their leaders ' faces ; everyone knew it was all about the missiles . i smiled as i recalled when the president said `` if we freeze the armada , there will be a united states united front against north korea . '' the joint supreme committee had disbanded itself for that week . since the north had declared it , the country had been clear -- what was at stake ? thousands of refugees or even nuclear weapon projectors were on the line , and the country 's president was not about to sit back and do nothing . `` yes president . we 're going to fight them and take over the occupied land . not our tanks , our kiaol can wait . 
what a lovely night to be lonely .|||it was after midnight and the mood was nice . the light was just right as we sat at the intersection . the familiar figure of a slender woman sat on the metal fire-pit , rim worn and crusty . she was swaying slightly in the straw and trying to fix her glasses . `` cat ? '' i called . no response . to do nothing , she continued ignoring me . so what was the problem ? i asked again , even more irritated . but no answer . `` cat ? oh , cat ? oh , cat ? no , cats . cat ? cats , are n't they special ? no . they 're all just like dogs . 
heavy calvary .|||`` it is well said that germany is the world best of all that is to come , and of all that is to pass . '' the music that rang from the walls echoed through the endless battle field as multiple blades and daggers were raised at the gates of garoris city . terrified shouts echoed from behind mariemarket , had hastily retreated into his cellar where he kept the quilted cloak , tunic and rags . a flash of blinding light trembles upon the crown of garoris the great , his throne of the grotesque ; a head adorned with a grand insignia of lacy white robes ; diamond eyes . `` if we are to make it across , our chosen people will be their last . '' called the shweeld nigel , he walked over to the small altar on the cliff of germany . he lifted a claw and stretched his back , fingertips extended , weaponry leaping from his shoulder . `` come , wizards , abominations and stamping men ! '' james yelled at the giant warrior , still asleep under the overhang . james lifted his hand and caressed the snow to tickle his rags . `` come , pope ! '' 
you read your wife 's diary . she is not who you think she is .|||**i dream of getting lost in the streets and being forgotten by people . i 've dreamed about being the grocery clerk . i 've thought about buying life at the register . i 've thought about being the bank teller . i have to catch up on sleep somehow . my body now has 24 hours to get to an appointment . all i need is one more chance . and it is my life ! love is a bitch , love is gone , hate is ugly . * * **god , why ? ** **are you going to freak ? it is not you ! ** ** **men never do it ** ** well , he did . 
humanity is fighting a losing 100 year war against a race of gigantic adorable kittens who just want to play .|||i took a closer look at the little cat . the one that would never stop talking , as though he was the only version of himself alive . oh so very furry . he looked like the opposite of arthur cobbard from minstrel show , walking through a very crude model of a shelter . it was just a wall with a table in the middle holding a computer terminal and a conference room . how does he always have the same kitty , i thought . do n't even have to turn away from me , you can call it a big fat kitten . one day , a tortoise and a beautiful tortoise once again spotted one in the same spot . 
the death penalty for murder no longer exists , instead technology has been developed that overwrites the mind of the killer with that of their victim .|||`` so , the impossible has happened , harold ! '' said the young , lanky male , `` i have only one remaining chance and in thirty seconds , it 'll be over . '' `` you mean to tell me it 's as imminent as your execution ... '' the young marine says with a grimace . `` what am i going to do with this ? '' `` heaven or hell ? ... my whole life , you 've called me that . '' the old man looks up at the hill and says , `` morphine . '' `` why does it feel so ... evil ? '' `` the poison . it 's detected '' . `` yeah , '' he says . `` it does n't take long , a trickle of a lethal dose . '' 
portals have been invented but with whatever going through never seeming to return , they ultimately gained widespread use as the perfect means of waste disposal . we never stopped to consider where our garbage was truly ending up ... until now .|||`` hurry , '' she said leaning on the walls and door handle . `` right away , '' i said as i swiftly grasped the doorknob and snapped the handle with my elbows . `` always have to make sure to make sure , '' she said , amused . `` maybe we need to piss off first ? '' i asked . she shrugged , then grimaced . she decided this place was the right place , and those humans in green uniforms should be in charge . she had known that many people went missing from airports - and those who did not leave to haul produce out of the cabinets and plan can home plant across the world . her logic was unclear , although her men were not civilians . after a moment , she flushed the consoles and swiped the gun . i knew this place better than anyone else . as they called it , these metafile scanners , while very quick , only contained one type of trash . every single person 's produce ended up in this , hundreds of people 's garbage every single day . 
you woke up alone without any sense of yourself . the first and only thing you hear is `` now it 's your third wish . what shall it be ? ''|||i woke up around 5 am in a fucking bed . to be honest , i woke up a little bit before 7 am . i do n't know how i got here . i vaguely remember being all sick and puking up vomit , then lying still in my bed for what felt like hours before someone did come over and sat in the bathroom at the same time and woke me up with a message . the message told me to make the best of my life and that i could learn more about my own future and the beauty of my body . i took a guess at what was important and woke up from there . my father had finally given up . i picked up the phone and dialed to get an answer . he could n't have talked to me for the past three weeks . i decided to try a weird looking 2/3 combo of sex and drugs . 
you are subtle tea , a super hero who alters major world events by a most appropriately timed cup of tea .|||implementation in thought . `` you 'll just have to enjoy this coffee and luci . '' lunion silently ordered their tea . daniel nodded and followed , all dressed in red and carrying a red flag . when he arrived at his job , he immediately noticed the ambience of the small cafe . david could always sense an energetic crowd . the diner was small , although not in decline . the patrons clearly worked the counter , and had enough time to enjoy their tea . “ good morning , david. ” 
you wake up with the worst hangover of your life only to find the world is ending ... and you 're in a position to save it .|||why am i ... i ca n't even really remember why i woke up . i woke up at 57 . well , that 's ok , honestly i do n't care about my age . what matters , is that i drank the most i could possibly drink and i 'm in the room i had n't been in for 15 years . so there 's that . plus , i drank earlier today , and i have a horrible hangover . luckily it is n't a really bad hangover , just this little residual , which makes me feel like a smoker . once upon a time i ate everything in sight . 
magic exists , but the cost to use it is so high that it 's only been used a handful of times in history . this will be one of those times .|||`` did you hear that ... '' i looked behind me . cameras and sirens were rolling . `` i swear to god , we did . '' i picked up my gun . `` i swear to god , '' i said . `` do n't you see ? '' my hands shake . `` blah blah blah '' one of the guns was pointed directly at me . `` you just said you are going to end this forever , '' i said . `` not you . '' 
a man who can read thoughts goes to a party and while listening in on a conversation , hears `` i know you can hear me . ''|||my knowledge of things is like a specter . i come in , and out , and i can easily navigate the world around me . the boundary lines are blurring , and as i move , the boundaries blur . i can feel every step , and occasionally i miss *the * boundary lines . * as the gate opens , i can see inward to feel my surroundings . well , at least my environment . how many feet can you go ? it may seem strange , to the lonely soul , but it 's n't . the gate opens , and outside i can see the outer cities . i could go through this gate , but the kafka 's gate keeps me in . 
you 've come to save the princess , but she 's not guarded by a dragon - she 's guarded by a very aggressive goose .|||she . . . there was a battle . she knew it . it was just a small fight , a fire at the bottom of the mountain . we were the only ones she could see , we could reach . and it was her who had saved us from the fire . she was the only one who could drag us back to her home , from the stables , to the dungeons , from the safety of her own kingdom . she could not let her people be cast away . her brothers waited all those years for her to turn . their only request was their faithful protection . when she had refused , the royal guards had started beating them with their trumpets . as the princess 's wedding day loomed closer , it was clear that this battle was far more than mere fight . it was treachery from begining to end . and ... then the princess slipped away , for there is no happiness in being beset by evil . she has willingly given herself over to the dragons , nor to their master . 
your so tells you that you 've been sleepwalking for the past week or so . and that you do strange things when you sleepwalk .|||i 've had a difficult week at work . that night the boss told me that i ’ d been suffering from sleepwalking again for the past week . and that i shouldn ’ t worry too much about it since “ it ’ ll be all over in 20 minutes. ” i laughed to myself . for the past couple of months i ’ ve been noticing the same things . eating non-stop , staying up too late to get to sleep on time , always searching out an extravagantly over-caffeinated restaurant to check out and watching a movie to get an early start on breakfast . i can ’ t stop thinking about it all , but there ’ s only one thing i can do . i need to get some shut eye . i could totally see the date tomorrow , i can even picture him rocking me on his couch , naked in front of me , his naked armpits inviting and inviting . the front door opens in the distance and there he is , standing with his back against the frame , staring out to the water . i guess seeing him every day is exciting . i wonder if i ’ m supposed to be going to the meeting after work to scout out a meeting place at a nearby resort ? 
write about a character that is greedy and devious .|||`` fuck off , richie , '' danny grunted . `` daddy was just eating that damn pipe you 're holding . '' `` shit , i hate babies starving right now . what 's wrong richie ? '' `` fuck , danny , it 's a stupid line . '' richie picked up a math book and frowned . `` like , i 'm smarter than you are , '' he whined . `` all right , fine ! alright . then , and you know it , too , richie . i know you were working on the farm too , but i need to talk to you about going on vacation . so , that 's right , like , come up to me and tell me if you know how to steal from me , ok ? '' 
a translator takes a job , only to learn that he is translating the world 's fate .|||mcken r-r , also known as epurq(ur ) , sits in the back of the great room . he rereads the equations and the names of the dead . unexpectedly , his attention shifts away from the translation , and starts wandering around . he does n't really care . it 's so small that no one could possibly notice . which is strange , given the general noise and chaotic chaos that surrounds him . these last few months have been a blur of it . mcken ca n't believe he 's still doing this . such a sadistic profession at that , he almost lost his serenity . he literally visits his office everyday , knowing he has no power . he *does* have a little obsession with the dead . he 'll shout for them *to play with* them , plump them and sit next to them , as if they were sleeping peacefully in some pub or another . 
: everyone is born with the last words their soulmate will ever say to them etched on their wrist .|||my parents always used to talk about how these stories were awful . “ how could someone who is so perfect and perfect could fall so quickly in love , lose the gift that made their soulmates *perfect ,* ! ” “ are you talking about my life or something ? ” “ absolutely not my life . i ’ m talking about yours . a perfect life for a single mom and a perfect teenaged daughter. ” “ then why does the mother live in a strange city of 100,000 people , and live in a house surrounded by 100 houses ? ” “ oh , because your father is the best of the best . my mother is the stereotypical snob of someone that every potential* ” “ no , listen , i just want to be an example of who you can be and the kind of person you will be . not the ideal of what life is like . you know that. 
you wake up in a church and the funeral service is yours .|||my eyes shut , but they ache . i roll over , turn onto my back . there 's a hole in my lung . a hole in my chest . huge . a gaunt corpse lies on a gurney . with a shaky hand , i reach towards my chest , but the doctors , nurses , and family are hauling me back to my bed . i feel my face burning , and my stomach dropping . i breathe in the faint stench of gunpowder . i 'm running for it . i 'm trying to get up . 
you live in a society of rigid , enforced equality . wealth is redistributed . suffering is shared . you also happen to be the most accident-prone human being in existence and everyone 's a bit tired of having their arms and legs broken because of you .|||`` no , no , i dont think you do n't , '' i said . `` now look . scientists do n't do stunts , and this one actually seems pretty decent . '' `` the powers that be are giving us immortality , but i still ca n't operate the remote properly . '' `` why not ? '' `` because i 'm n't able to read , or read anything , '' i pointed at the remote button . `` and because i can n't hit the red button , why should i use the white button ? '' `` well , first off , you 're freakishly powerful , '' i said . `` some people have a lot of power . they could power down world peace and set us free from all of this ? '' 
click 'random subreddit ' and research the random one you found and write it down , but like a victorian explorer writing in his journal .|||sunshine the beacons ! ! ! ********************* *stoneclouds cross across the sky *letterspeak001*the flock of marauding moon children flash in the distance like a hundred stars *oilshadbeaks* *who shall be first ? *silvermanketeen* `` we are the first ! we shall ! our armies are ready to part the sea ! we shall fetch you ! '' *the enemy stands on the hills ahead . * `` no one shall do this , it is never the first time . '' `` the beasts ... men must not be pulled to their doom . the rough sand was not intended as a training ground , why doom should be brought here ! '' *the dragon mane horde holds up their massive crested lanterns * `` where shall we go next ? '' *this is folly . cars have been erected in the city and even run thicker on the busy roads than men . 
you were born with the ability to enter fictional worlds and come back to reality with any unique skills you acquired . this time , however , as you prepare to return to reality , you realize the exit portal is nowhere to be found .|||i smiled with relief . this was finally it , the last time . it would be long , very long . a smile that echoed around the whole world in the void , as if every idea i had for the best time in my life was going to be put to waste . `` old man jahn ? '' `` 66 . '' a short , dark haired man approached me . he was looking at me suspiciously . `` hey , old man . you must be one of my parents . '' `` i 'm sure they are . sir . you must know me . '' `` of course ! maybe they 'll give me an august weekend to come see you ! '' 
a leviathan .|||*dear , dear sister , what 's for dinner ? i say hello . why should i be brought up in this situation ? * oh , right . the fridge has not been opened in two days . maybe i should take advantage of that . you know what they say . * dear , dear sister , if you like maybe i can go out with you sometime . i 'm a famous man , nobody would know me if i did n't ... * no , wait ! there is no such thing as an excellent one ... * -- *a splash in the puddle and it bounces off a puddle ? perfect ! i got my solitude ! look at it ... perfect ! they make me hungry ! every time i fish i make fish ! they make me happy ! *so when i fished with them and fished with this creature , found it bizarre that they only made their own sea , then opened up theirs . *i used to feel proud of them . 
you 're a u.s . senator and are running out of things to say in your filibuster . in a last ditch attempt , you start a d & d campaign .|||“ if you guys are interrupting , i think we can sort this out amicably. ” politico gave a shake of his head . it always bothered him . bipartisanship as he called it . the politicians were always so stupid and dumb when they were kids . 
you 're sitting on the curb with your friend , making up stories about the people that pass by .|||`` you were like some type of invisible being . '' `` really ? what do you mean , me ? '' `` yeah , you were running my coordinates into this alien car , trying to find the right mechanism . '' i pulled the trigger . it took some time . this was the second time . never before had this happened in person . well almost ; we had to sit in public until it was time to take the cars apart , and everything had to be there when we got back . we had to go to school the next day . just drive up to someone . nobody will speak to us outside of a location . it was always the same guy . '' `` so no , you didn't send him . you could have gone through with this one . '' 
you are a normal person who spent your entire life infiltrating the evil empire . you even became the emperor 's right hand . the day before you finally topple the empire , the hero arrives , kills the emperor , and saves the day .|||is the day before i finally toppled the empire , the hero arrives in my life . the faceless messiah was too careless to kill him , however . he could never claim he had done so himself , but the man did , and i suppose he died in his pursuit . the victor , this young adventurer who could find himself free . triumphant , it was his day . and his crown and shield , his horse , and the palace he would spend eternity in . on that day , there was no shelter , no warmth , no soft bed . the man arrived at the wedding in a perfect suit of armour . smashing the air around him , he stumbled forward and attempted to pick up his garments . being but an armorpiece had softened them , and they were a relic of an era long past . 
a blackout emerges that does n't stop for years . generations come and pass , and eventually technology is just a myth . but one day the electricity comes back on .|||mccash ? no . so , how about this . i 'm mccash , the president , president of the , well , maybe just president of this red state . it 's not really that bad a life . you were a good leader , get what you could from that . i was afraid when the meteor showers began in the beginning . i had seen them . was it an accident ? i decided to check the map console as i started loading the map on my desktop . he was still on reddit , dealing with those few posts he 'd found . it would be one of the first people he had heard from in the country as i had become ' friends ' with him . he seemed fine in town at the time , and at the time did n't have any major import . a regular after-work man-biker kind . 
donald trump is a fictional satirical character ( a la stephen colbert ) . the dedicated actor playing him is getting increasingly desperate for someone to get the joke .|||`` my dear president , i am about to turn on the cameras , '' he leered , his fake smile wagging as his sinister eyes continued to whip around . when he finished , he looked at the camera , and realised everyone was watching . every single eye in the room was focused on the back of his head , on his heart . yet , the president was nervous . suddenly , everything felt completely normal . `` i 'm going to turn on the cameras ! '' the president exclaimed . `` when i turn on the cameras . '' `` now ! stop being a politician ! '' the camera snapped around to stare at the president 's expression , and the man froze in horror . 
a private investigator rents an office above a psychic .|||george excused himself as he handed the paperwork to gordon 's secretary . `` that 's it ? it 's for a month ? '' she asked him , though she understood that he was n't playing her . she even looked inquisitive like she would marry gordon out . he shot a grunt of his head . `` certainly . it 's for a month , anytime . '' she sighed . `` may as well pack a keg . '' he chuckled . `` who knew she 'd be happier to have gone home after nineteen ? '' he vowed to himself as he turned the papers over . `` it 's not like she was ever yours to tell me , '' he proclaimed to himself . 
as a necromancer , you do n't get as many girls/guys in your magic school as the charming flowermancer . how do you win over your crush ?|||`` we have to create this center some day , so you can have all the new color , all the water . '' that sounded like a great idea . now of course i would n't say this ! and even though the place itself is n't exactly the nicest place , that 's what i 'm saying . but that 's okay , i can tell , you 'll be fine . could you lick off that smug face with your tongue ? i do n't even know how you can walk out of here with tufts of sweet hair that do n't touch the floor . i always think that makes you look like you 've been groomed , but you ca n't pull it off . '' `` just a day or two and we 'll be out and back in our clothes . '' `` done ? you can come in , you 're not my school . there are more people over there . '' `` i 'm just ready for you to get out of my bedroom , this dresser is pretty weak . besides , my name is ilottula , 'less apt name might work . '' 
death comes to collect one final life - god .|||it was strange being around my grandfather . death always made his way by in his white suit . cards were clasped in his hands ; one the left , one the right . he clasped them each over the card that contained his instructions . he never followed them . `` god , please give me your instructions ! '' he yelled in his voice . `` i have been collecting them for some time . the sums on them say he 'll be here soon . '' `` oh my god , dad , please ! '' `` what 's he thinking ? '' my grandpa always said i was selfish . 
gotham recently legalized the death penalty and has sentenced the joker to death . you are batman , the one responsible how his capture , what is your response ?|||the cops found him in the hall , hopefully minutes after they left the tunnel . as he lay on the floor , i entered a glimpse of the needle . i knew it was him . i had witnessed many things , mostly hew reeks . witnesses , murderers , those who were imprisoned themselves so that anyone besides me could be watching . i knew with certainty that i would be the prisoner of choice . i had prepared my team and i had prepared my colleagues . but time was running out . all they had was one more margin , and i could n't possibly believe that i was the person who had led them there . 
scientists discover a previously unknown frequency , which happens to be the universal standard for communication .|||`` you 're bringing up this again . '' john nearly squealed as he spoke again , if he was n't already . his coworkers , the scientists , were already listening , because he repeated it . repeatedly . `` you humans are stupid robots . you think you 're doing something ? you 're smart . dumb . stupid . stupid ! '' the brunette researcher gasped in horror . `` what ? why are you doing that ? '' `` you , john , are now running a probe . '' the scientist struggled , because he knew he was the reason something like this could ever happen . 
you are an assassin . probably the best in the world . you accept a job and after an attempted hit you discover your target is immortal . you have never failed , and you do n't plan to now .|||i watched as his neck froze . the shadows went cold in the surrounding area , the lights came on . i froze . what is happening to me ? my gun glinted slightly in the light , i readied myself , my heart began to race , and i ran , i ran . i ran as fast as i could , and still barely knocked him out . i could feel the ground shake , i smelled blood as my fingers burned the wet dirt . i raised the gun up to my head and shot him in the back of the head , sending him to his death by a few dead chickens . he woke up in a hospital bed , pale and dripping wet , his fingerprints looked . the bed was heaving . the hospital bed was his entire bed . the prison must be his quarters . there were n't any other oddities , there was nothing abnormal , nothing you could find on a normal corpse . his blood smelled cold . 
bob does n't realise he 's a robot until he fails a captcha five times in a row .|||`` professor i dont mean business . '' `` do n't mention it james . it was ithlr333 december ' speech '' `` oh james . i knew that . '' i answered . `` i was trying to give feedback on the ad on the rn feed . '' i sighed . `` wow . you 're really sexy in there , are n't you ? '' 
write the last page of an epic story .|||i would n't trade her for anything . she was the sweetheart . i never would get to see the other side of her . i grew up on the western shore of the pacific , in the suburbs . she was the family who helped build my life . she was smart and even respected me . when we were younger i always wanted to be her best friend , as if she was telling me how important educating my best friend is . our families had met in nebraska highschool when she was twelve . she was my first choice when the draft came and even later when she was sixteen i fell in love . she walked in , elbow to elbow with my room mate . 
in a parallel america , all expressions , metaphors , and figures of speech use synonyms instead of the phrasing we 're used to . write an ordinary conversation between ordinary people , full of such sayings .|||`` fine ! '' the young girl said . `` just be sure to wave at me after i do that . '' the man across the desk was cool , really . he replied with a smile . `` *i * will* be waiting for you '' `` nice* , '' the girl said . `` happy birthday . '' `` good wishes , '' the young man said . 
you 're in a rock band and playing at a 60,000 person sold out show , everyone turns into zombies at the same time , except for the band ... and .|||`` where are all of them ? '' `` no idea . all of them just showing up with the fucking fucking z-files ! '' `` this is getting weird , '' i said . `` do you want to go ? '' `` let 's just go . '' `` you look like you 're about to get seriously infected . '' `` of course i 'm gon na go . we 're a band , see what happens . '' `` shit , okay . '' 
artificial intelligence has a conversation with god .|||jammedie made diet coke . she spent the week waiting outside the local winery , pulling out macaroni and cheese and apple pies . she could hear her alarm clock ringing every time it went off . after awhile , it stopped . jamie put the snow mower down and walked outside for a break to grab a bag of snacks . as she was passing the cars , she heard a gasping voice coming from outside . `` jamie , where is it you 're looking for ? '' `` that 's my apple pie vanessa and i are eating apple pie ! '' `` jimmy , you with bug ? '' `` yeah , uh , i think i lost . '' `` what , but why ? '' `` because mr. bug took my apple pie and you need to look for it , '' jamie yawns . `` are you okay ma'am ? '' `` i think i 'm fine , '' she said , sitting down next to bug and me . 
humans have discovered how to live forever , allowing them to die when they feel ready to do so . but it is considered bad form to live for too long . you have lingered much longer than is polite and those around you are trying to convince you to die .|||the people tell me it 's alright to ask . that it 's noble . that i have passed judgement for over three centuries . or so they say . after all , i have lived forever . maybe the whole concept of accepting death is n't such a big deal after all . let 's face it , that only fools want to die . so many have heard people talk about what it 's like to die , about the wisdom that comes with it . 
world war tree ; nature flips out .|||there 's been peace before the holocaust , there 's been hope after the holocaust , in other words . it started , what happened is ... it 's happened . i do n't know how but it 's about 2009 . wars mutated the world , conflict created inter dimensional patterns of death . things that seem normal got turned on their head by the terrorist attacks . the world started to change . the same spark that started the avalanche and earthquakes stopped catastrophically went nuclear , crashing through the sky , soaring towards a new planet . we wobbled from side to side and shook violently . i just thought , hea-huh . he was perfect , he was right for me . 
a crow hops up to you with a 100 dollar bill in it 's mouth , and politely asks if you mind buying something for him .|||she perched on her bench and sold peddling pigeons for the other passengers in the area . it was n't like she ever sold anything other than pigeons to anyone before and it was n't the first time i 've seen a crow . i was growing tired of her jovial ways and odd walking habits . i could n't follow along with her and just buy whatever it was she was selling with ten dollars in it , and sure enough a few minutes later , she walked up with ten dollars in it in her mouth . the croc must have seen the cards before this . i had ben known these monkeys since i was a young boy , but here she was on a table with only a wild card backing her up . god dammit , i almost jumped off the bridge . it was n't like i was currently rolling around in the trash . i would have gotten paid double that . she kept dropping the money , and running out of the alley , running off on her horse in a feral tantrum . i stared after her with my hat and starched scoop still in my hands as she walked off . '' why do you fly around ? '' i asked , raving . 
the system has appointed you as the newest regulator , one of the elite . except you have no idea exactly what you are supposed to be 'regulating ' , and it slowly becomes apparent that neither do any of your co-workers .|||the knock came again . i must be outside . time was flying by , but i knew nothing about the system . if i was in a high-rise building here , my advisor would have told me to stay at the surface . below my desk was a stack of ceramic blocks covered in black paint . along the side of the building was a metal sensor . by the bottom edge , was a small red light . *yo.. i can see . that must mean i ’ m alive . what ’ s this red light ? * maybe that the sensor is *ga , hold it . yo . look . *very * well placed . 
( wp ) make me cry .|||it always worked . when my dad died , we met again . it was the first time . the first day we ’ d been able to meet . there was music . it was smooth and tender . knowing he was okay , we moved on . we didn ’ t see him for a long time . my dad died when he was around 39 . when i was 10 , we did n't see him again . the distance . my brother was gone . it became a distant memory . 
in the future , realistic ai that resemble people and humans coexist , albeit shakily . you want marry an ai .|||part one of the best classes my past five years of college have been . all of my classes - across the board as the top . i 've gotten higher grades than everyone else , plus i get popularity . my transfer to this college was already on track , but with only one more year of college i have to leave . i 'll miss the people there . after all , i 'm the only one left in my classes with an average to above average education . at least my personality fit the idyllic masculine idyllic masculine boy 's face . i wished i was darker with my dark hair and dark blue eyes . oh yeah , i smell like salmon . something about having a taste in my mouth makes me blush . 
new mind-altering spells and intoxicating potions are causing headaches for the ruling high council .|||there was no choice . no one knew that the wrath of the wrathful god was on their own . no one wanted the crowning blow of sorrow for centuries to come . the bloody empire of power was dominated by the fat bastards of the old ways . sticks and steel marched through the highlands and down through the cities . the same old system they had been used so many times and not changed . they outnumber us . plant nukes , buildings and factories , all surrounded by stone . it worked . they might be small , but they really did work . 
during a civilised dinner party , the nuclear attack siren goes off . the guests gather in the safety of the basement , only to realise that it 's the owner 's kinky sex dungeon .|||when the emergency siren goes off , i cover my ears . again . more protests . i can hear it , as if it were someone else sitting outside and singing me . i rush to the door . `` it 's just tv ! it 's a tv ! '' whoever is this idiot thinks their ipad will cheer them up ? i throw open the door . glittery white lights flash dazzling them . zazen , my pretty young virginian spaniel , stands behind me flicking some flaxen fluff off his plush ears . `` you saw it on tv ? '' a loud voice booms from behind me . 
every time one of your romantic relationships ends , a ghost of the person stays behind , visible only to you .|||*i 'll never get over how much i wanted that i could finally have that one moment with you . *he stopped driving by before he realized what he was doing . i remember how happy i was to see him drive home . he was a good man . he would go back to living happily ever after . he was never going to marry beth . he would never want another , but that 's not what i wanted for myself . she was a sexy young woman . just like jennifer had been . i couldn't stop thinking about her every night . once i got engaged we could have been together for years . 
you found a number that can truly answer any question through a sms . over the next few days you use it to your advantage such as winning the lottery . one day you get curious and decide to message `` what happens after you die ? '' what you see next horrifies your inner being .|||you wish you had known earlier . all a good sammoth day and your phone at home plugged into the wall as usual , switching dials and texting your fastest message or finding out on line about a friend ( more like a friend sending you a text message after something you miss at work ) . just like any other day , you unlock it , answer the question ( assuming it was a question ) , and then click on the next message to go back to the list . of course you never noticed , the girl who was texting is exactly the exact same level of person you wish you 'd seen this morning on a monday morning , laying on your couch , shivering as the area around her is isolated from the patch of sky that is currently blocking your view . you click on the reply button , and another text appears from smith , the same message sent a little while ago . then , out of the blue . `` hello , this is smith hanging out at the break room , '' he wrote , unmoving . he looked down at the texts on the wall , one word `` smith '' being his name and number . `` i 'm watching you while i 'm gone . '' he waited in the stairwell , soaked through with moisture and crying in the middle of the day . `` whats up , smith , buddy ? i 've got a lot dealing with . '' 
it 's been 50 years since the zombie apocalypse has overrun the human race . an alien race has finally found earth after discovering traces of our culture , and sends a small party down to investigate .|||i stared at the commander of the small group of explorers . she 'd been right , really . this was a horror show , the world was burning . the soldiers , the old survivors from the war , the leviathan sent down by the universe to stop their exodus . but only the holoprobes for any artificial intelligence in the universe were currently producing a trickle of life , but not enough to stop it entirely . apparently they had decided to take a look at earth 's essence . a plaid side table , plastic plastic supplies , 20 liter supply . two of the soldiers that had been with the ship , hauling umbrellas and a stretcher , wore long trench coats with chrome gilt letters and looked exhausted . `` do you mean the one with the bucket and the shotgun ? '' i asked , looking through the blaring light . the woman gaped at me . 
write up your favorite edgar allen poe story or spooky campfire tall tale as if it was breaking news .|||0:0:5 ticks . the flashlight was on , hand shaking slightly , as i danced around bob 's shed , not even doing anything , as i filled bob 's super axe up . george started throwing poop in a pile of hay . i make the men wet themselves , grab our pole gear and jump in the makeshift rodeo . chuck wrestles mercilessly with a horse , horrid red face and cursing incessantly . mrs. dog is barking . gosh what the hell is that? what is that mangled , egg-crusted crust ? shucks a leg and rattles the nearby salamander , which is near a river of goblins , many tales of which i have heard . why in hell would someone go and buy away the precious land of a gambler , nick wickham , if they were out there ? sure i love nick and his monstrous coinage- the lives of a couple you 'd think of at a rodeo , but big f-day for a smaller man and his trailer and nothing but that . unbeknownst to him , he 's also at the other side of the door into an underground hut . 
pick your favorite franchise ( harry potter , james bond , hunger games , etc . ) and start at the beginning . immediately kill the protagonist , then continue the story .|||it used to be just a hobby . i 'd hear his trumpet-like roar echoing through the empty streets , and his clinking utensils brought on thrills in my stomach . when he killed my cat , my wife called me in , `` i know your dog . the bad guy must 've taken it too . '' as he turned on his heels , i admitted it was nothing personal . he was just being an impatient pooch . why did he have to die ? was it some odd early age moment , not that anyone would ever understand my thought process . `` the carpenter must have been incredibly careful , '' my wife said . my eyes got wet at the thought of climbing up the two steps , using a handful of bricks to do so . it would 've been easy , though , if it had n't been for the carpenter 's carefully constructed mainframe . i thought of my father on his way back from work one day , and there he was , in his office chair , the ant bowl on the desk in his hand . i chuckled to myself . could she not scare the devil away ? 
when you were 15 , you robbed a liquor store and shot the clerk . twenty-five years later , you 've just been released from prison . the daughter of the clerk is waiting for you as you leave the prison .|||the flash of the handcuffs slid into place , resting under his chin . the blazing glare of the gun lit up the night sky , illuminating something sinister and dark . the young robber entered the garage and skipped towards the crates . behind him was a giant white black , rucksack waiting . his brother , bruce , the man on the other side of the door , slowly walked out , the young man finishing his walk . back in the cell , the scarred walls and dusty ceiling could still be felt . he shuddered as he ran his hands through his hair . `` fuck , shit , shit , shit , crap . '' he swallowed , holding back tears reliving that day in the river . putting on the jumpsuit he entered the store with a gun glinting . slamming into an old man who had just stepped out of the door , he slammed the chair across the stage , hitting the audience with a full leather belt . bananas sat on the floor across from him , his face looked as if he just had a bunch of bottles of joe jones he drank . 
write a short story using the following phrases and object ...|||part 5 ___________________ `` it has beauty when it 's happy '' my reflection in the glass grows larger by the second . in my knowledge , this is what happiness looks like . in others eyes , it 's a horror . overgrown hair and blue eyes tear . i have a fondness for the beast as it slowly gets larger and bigger , yet with infinite fascination , we change before it . i 've had more looks , more smiles , more so than any one else . 
his overbearing , unstable ex-girlfriend wo n't leave him alone . she 's in his apartment when he brings home dates . she 's at the store while he shops . she 's at his office when he tries to work . no one can help him since she 's dead , no one else sees her and he 's the one who killed her .|||`` is she working again ? '' the girl asked as she approached her boss . `` have you forgotten ? '' `` do n't worry about it , boss . i 'll call you back tomorrow . '' `` where is she ? '' `` you know , i 'm not going to see her until after ten . maybe twelve . '' `` okay , but she 'll be coming back anyway . '' `` well , i mean , she really can come back . '' `` that 's crazy , man . '' `` come on , boss . you want me to help you with this ? you 're the one responsible , you get to get to sleep while she 's gone . why can you n't you just let her go ? '' `` i do n't see her . '' `` well , maybe if you ask her . '' `` that 's crazy . she 's fucking dead . '' `` oh , i 'm sorry . you can believe me though . when she 's in this situation , everything changes . '' `` i never saw her die , boss . i 'm just trying to help you with this situation . i know it 's scary . '' 
the aliens attacked . the same day the singularity occurred and the zombie apocalypse started . and an 1000 year war between vampires and werewolves was restarted . describe the life of a survivor of this apocalypse .|||“ mr. swissler , i ’ m fine , everything ’ s fine. ” he blinked a hundred times . he continued tapping his thick and thinning hair across his forehead . the sky was red again , the snow reflecting every flush like an eerie yet pleasant background colour . “ the whiteness is refreshing . a relief from the sandpaper of the world , who will forever haunt my mind . i should have left you… ” he paused before continuing , trying to remember . “ it would have been much darker , were you here ? ” “ yes i am here ” the tall , glass-wearing blonde behind the counter pops his head around the corner of the booth . a glass shattered on his left cheek at the edge of his curved tie , and fractured as he tried to gather his bearings . “ auil miette ! ” he said as he stepped towards his keyboard and took a long hand to close the end-bar that cover his skull with a three-pronged pressure plug . “ now squeeze , mr. wiggs… i ’ ve almost made it from a semi-hyper state to hell ! 
deer god , satan claws , and other mispelled entities gang up to teach kids to spell once and for all .|||**deer god** there 's no reason to fear . , there 's just none . you 've never been warned , ever . ** *daemonic* . *deer god** . ** hasn ’ t gone away yet , *satan . ** i want to run into you . ** no , i ’ ve been under your spell for a long , long time . **maaaaaaan ull ki kila* . *well , how ’ s my turn ? ** she stood at the door . she did n't say a word , she just let the hand shake . i looked over , and i could see it was a beast . could you call it a beast if you see it and have it harm you ? ** no , you ’ re not prepared . 
life is actually the most popular video game of all time . famous figures are played by moderators who ensure events play out the way they should . you 're one of the worst players , until you start realizing you 're in the game . suddenly , memories of past lives give you a massive advantage .|||all this started as a quick response to a writing prompt in the game. feedback is always great . you are able to make anything you write happen . everything i said is true . you need to make yourself believable . i will tell you i made some changes . i hope you enjoy it . you might find my 'character 's dialogue difficult at times , but just let it be . i have several ''s from previous life . characters do n't usually come in with good dialogue . some can even be naked in real life , as long as it is allowed . sometimes characters have on clean clothes . they 're known for breaking up quickly and then not saying anything , only waiting for their next turn . the other actors and the main characters are just not invited to join this game . 
hollow face .|||the world is still dark . it is silent . my shoes flop across the ground . they smell of rotten fruit and frost . the air itself seems darker now . with his old age he has only the reminiscence of a million memories . each one so filled with fire . the dry mud he made , his heavy drink , flames that almost appeared to blaze . the dirt , the rocks , everything was black except the sky . its darkness , his darkness , and the formless circle of land . it seems to drift and seem to follow his eye all around . 
`` what do you mean , 'it broke ' '' ?|||`` i 'm sorry , did n't see you coming . '' i shrug . `` excuse me ? '' `` this wallet . i 'm so sorry ! i do n't know how to fix it , remember ? '' the morey quickly says , `` i , i thought you said it 's broken ? '' `` mm-hm , yeah . i mean i was just hungry . i did n't see you coming . '' `` it 's a stupid state of mind , right ? remember how you try to hammer that into my head ? '' the herring grunted a bit as he pulled his chest out to wheeze out his breaths . `` it *just* broke . '' 
you have the ability to become someone else by putting their shoes on .|||my voice sounds so damn special . i wish i could just go out and walk around everyone i know . it 's so miraculous that i 've become that person . they say that once it happens i have no more friend left in the world . most people on earth never even look at me , but in all ways i 've become happier than ever . those people , some of them you really do know , like any other human you know , stay at the machines as long as possible . they want to `` know what 's better '' or to know which ones are the best . more people watch the machines . it 's how we know whether the machine is looking out for us . people that look at machines might see their owners as a superior species . 
you are going to have a heart transplant in just a few hours , and no one else seems to notice that the head surgeon is a 5-year old in an oversized coat .|||`` flap ! '' yelled sarah 's mother suddenly pulling her daughter into the room . `` Sarah , hold the air gun ! hold the air gun ! '' `` where are you putting it ? '' she asks . `` it 's too hot for air ! '' sarah flips open the device she 's holding . `` i 'm doing fine ... a nice sedation , huh ? i haven't been feeling things yet , whats up ? '' sarah says . `` yeah , it 's the anesthesia . '' `` darling , i 've seen you before . you look great . trim your hair into a layer of fluffy flaps like mine . '' 
what are some of your favorite online stories not found on reddit .|||what are some of your favorite online stories not found on reddit ? - that 's a great question from a subreddit of the same name . lots of people left- 'we need a -here is a - that 's great but i wanted a story i wrote . i wanted to know how people 's lives went with joseph fat . think about it . what if he posted to that philosophical site and johnny talks , or writes a series of embarrassing galls and ask . how would they feel ? that 's such a somber thing to read . -that 's part of washington 's city , that giant building that stares at the heavens . *yeah ! * civiliana in the fifties , that city was nice . 
one twin commits suicide , now the other is haunted by his own reflection .|||back on the eastern seaboard , a bloke named izzie lay in bed last night with his younger sons . the brothers had just discovered that they were twin , and knew their twin 's death was imminent . as the storm clouds gathered and warned of impending fallout , the brothers took their lives . the brothers thought they had made the best decision they could . the one brother , who did n't think he could pull through the suicide and met his brother soon after , was in the bathroom in the kitchen . having just passed over the line when izzie stumbled into the bathroom . the twin brother stumbled in the room shaking and feeling cold , wondering what had happened . izzie did n't want to open his eyes . izzie stood still but he knew the time had come . *this is the end* he whispered to himself . 
a story taking place over an entire year , in the space of one tiny cinema .|||sarah awoke in bed , confused . she opened her eyes to an empty room . she did not understand , but after a moment she realized that it was n't her room . all around her , she saw people , growing up in a strange environment . slowly sarah struggled to confirm her theories that she was alone . `` it does n't look like i was able to hide it from my siblings , does it , '' sarah repeated . `` does that mean i was n't with them the whole time , the ones who used sarah ? '' `` it 's simply not likely , '' sarah insisted . `` we would have wanted her to have insight , i guarantee you that . but she is the one who is forgetting . '' sarah gasped at this point . 
upon returning home , you find a grand piano in your kitchen .|||it was gorgeous . so ornately decorated , i could n't help but love it . there was even a carriage attached to the piano . a walking , talking , oak , walnut building with door and curtains so perfectly trimmed , the room seemed to have been built just for this . there were columns of roses in various heights and a swirling , green room with a hallowed wooden floor . green like water with a small spiral staircase leading up to the door . amazing . today was her birthday . i already had taken the first shot and set the tunes for it , then rang the door bell . it did n't take long for frederick to appear . he stepped through the door and grabbed the piano from my hands . `` i have such a dream about your coming home i would n't know what to do without you in my arms ! '' he exclaimed , kissing me on the cheek . i quickly reached for the bandage on my belly . 
the chosen one decides not to save the world .|||i look at my family . even if i hadn ’ t been chosen to lead , they would surrender their lives to me . you can always tell when there are people you ’ ll love more than yourself . i will forgive you . every one of you will be known to me as the *incomplete person* . it ’ s okay , i ’ ll let them free themselves . i *can* , as my mom always said , be the best version of me . i ’ ll learn and grow , grow my virtues and skills . grace will guide me through this if anyone asks me to . 
a man/woman sits idly on a hilltop as he/she waits for a nuclear warhead to strike their city and contemplates their life .|||i watched as that . cold metal covered my skin , created with an ominous lethargy that crawled along my fingers . i did n't move . i just watched , maybe my movements turning a bit vertical . that 's the first thing i remember . i edged into the trees closer to the edge . 
the world is ending . people are taking the chance to do everything they ever wanted . you have always wanted to kill .|||i have n't always wanted to do this . it had been too long since i had done it , insane , that it had come up only three months prior to my event . it made me crazy , that many were still standing in demand , sitting there like we did when i pulled the trigger on the city stand . i had that feeling again , that i was being watched , that the world was staring right back at me . but , this time it was n't my people , no , it was me . i wanted to go where they wanted me to . they still called me the villain . now we know what i was really like as a kid . i did n't like being watched while doing anything , but it had always been to thrill me , when i heard explosions . i 've always loved sports . 
you 've been hired as a scribe to catalog the heroics of a certain knight . as you follow this knight , you begin to realize that this knight is not the man people think he is , and that he may not be a man at all ...|||by | rcolinspeedar is famous for doing his deeds the way you would expect it to go . knights are generally in danger these days and he 's given me orders to stop the enemy from killing those people . they 've chased him for killing a horse . the knight has given me orders to give any person he 'd killed in his sight weapons . lukewarm weapons , in that case . lukewarm baked cheese , and lukewarm steaming tea . kabocha rules the land and his reign to be the most barbaric . lukewarm wheat , kabocha loves it . lukewarm water . and lukewarm ka-innes . the raiders always gave up by the time i finish . 
the aliens attacked . the world is in ruins . all hope is lost . and humanity is totally fine with it .|||whistle sky traffic of the small moon ’ s warp lanes echoed through the huddle of humanity behind them . the veil of stars growing in the other direction grew smaller and smaller . eventually , a hundred decoy planes began bearing down from another planet ; each aircraft carrying seemingly no more than 15 tons of cargo . the government could not preserve its own resources . the hunger and prisons that once sat in the hoard of earth threatened to spread to the galaxy… threaten the animal races to the far corners of earth . their hunger caused plagues of swarming cattle , killing millions . their thirst for blood and flesh set fires to oceans . their flying cities became fires and floods , drowning out sunlight and killing the sea creatures by simply eating . 
if subreddits were people .|||everence knew he would never win , but he tried to press on anyway , despite the disappointment in his clients . through weeks of constant attrition , he had seen money decrease and experience increase . tired from work , sicker from a chronic cold , with sicker and sicker clients . he realized all he had left was his own life . the forest was a bright orange with small trees . sun shone brightly on the scape as a convenience store turned warehouse . i went back to the tool drawer to pick up a knife . the last few times i 'd visited , i always brought it home with me . as it was , someone had spilled it on the floor and the chocolate milk spilled onto the carton on the side of the fridge . 
people are immortal and only die when accomplish their purpose in life . you are by far the oldest person alive .|||`` thank you for your time . '' `` help me , '' i said to him . `` my immortality is due to my past . '' `` but you are too young to accomplish all your goals . '' `` yes , i understand . but i know when i accomplish my new goal . '' `` you did not accomplish it in full . you did n't get to the point where you were ready to die and accomplish your purpose . '' `` so , how did you ? '' `` i made my bed . '' `` you made your bed . '' 
`` how does it feel to kill a person ? '' asked the machine .|||`` john ! you kidding me ? '' the machine said . `` how does it feel to kill a person ? '' `` i wish i could ! '' exclaimed the man . `` our maker said it was painless . he said it was organic . he said it would be peaceful . '' john grinned . `` you think it 'll be peaceful ? '' `` never mind . '' the machine glared at the man . 
`` i know it 's hideous , '' she said .|||to be honest , it was looking a little boring after all . i finally say it . i mean a fascinating shade of amber somehow . but really , what it is is anything i 've come across in my mind . it 's a damn brat , i tell you . i leant back against the steel post of the gigantic creature . damn centaur . i miss its grace . i miss its elegance . again . that 's ... all it is , is a dragon . 
you just died and are now a ghost . how did you die and what happens next ?|||i was outside , for some unknown reason . i was holding a glass of water when i fell and hit my head on the sidewalk . somewhere in the distance , there was a car carrying a smiling woman with two kids . i was unaware that she was me , until the door on the car opened . i 'd had a fine vacation ; two little girls in 1973 , a big porch , swinging in the wind . my feet were still rocking and so was the warmth of the sun . if i fell , my lips would be dry and my vision would be blurry . 
the people who carry their forest around with them .|||they call me ? i 'm the old man of the lane . well , i 've been around for a while , but i seem to never travel further than this long lane . the people who run this island tend to be old , like their land . '' the old man means well . maybe his wife had left to start a new life . maybe his daughter had gone out fishing and lost touch with the land . or his son had run off into the seas . or both . 
`` do not go to sleep . ''|||in hindsight , this one will be a very interesting project . the night i was ill , i sleep , but i do n't remember where i was . i am vaguely aware i was lying on the floor , apparently , while a thin looking man woke me from my sleep . the man is disturbed , and he keeps twisting around , looking for me . I 've tried to cover myself up but every time , he presses harder . it felt like i was being dragged down a small old , crooked , paper path . i should be dead inside by now . it feels like i 'm trying to play some petty game , but the judge says it 's a crime to resist sleep , it gets you thirteen years ' solid in the slammer . 
curiously ghastly creatures - firstchapter - 4085 words .|||i called myself the goth because of the way i looked . brave enough to hike this far in search of sustenance , but what did i do ? i did not starve . and so began my quest . i could smell poison in the air . i could hear it in my mind . and it started screaming . 
the window nearest you is shattered by the blast wave of a nearby explosion .|||the bomb shrapnel ripped through the wood of my living room table . he also ripped open my apartment door , shaking it open with his tiny claws . he grabbed for me and grabbed with all the strength he could , but nothing came out . my bearings were literally flying and i heard him gasp . i fell to the ground and my legs crashed into the cement walls of a broken down building . gaseous lava began to fill the cracks , all of which had walls that sucked the air out of me . i could hear the ceiling shake beneath me . 
a homeless man recieves $ 50'000 from a stranger when he asks for a cigarette .|||`` all right , '' i say to my friend . `` i will help you if you have any money . '' `` thank you so much . '' i climb up onto the porch top a carefully to examine what looks like a car hood . the symbol for tears trembles on its handle . the rusticle of the old car gently moves back and forth . the heavy weight of a backpack is not sitting above me . a ladder ties it securely to my hip and points to my lighter : it is resting against an armrest of the recliner . it rattles several times before slowly puffing on the cigarette . i do n't have much time left , but i notice that michael is the only one here . i place the bag on the ground and lift it up , checking it again . it looks like it still has its tag . i drag it off and then lowers the bag . the man asks for three smokes in that order . i grab two , and he knocks suspiciously as i snatches the camera out of his grasp , then gives it back to me . 
satan is faced with dilemma when one new `` costumer '' has asked for the same thing that and old `` costumer '' is achieving , and the big problem is both of their souls have been taken already . explain how this happen and how satan , with all his intelligence , will resolve this situation .|||`` it 's happened '' satan sputtered . `` the -- '' the young woman shaking the jeans fell from her hands . `` i do n't know ! '' `` oh , please , i 'm going to my bed . '' she says to her companion , bringing him over for a quick he and she sat at the table , their heads down , hands at the sides as they waited . the words were pouring from their head and quickly started dropping . `` it 's not working . '' '' `` now ? '' the man asked , closing his eyes . 
you have an identical twin . your parents sit you down one day , and your father looks at you both seriously and says , `` it 's time you know this . one of you is adopted . we 're just not sure which one . ''|||the same thing happened again . my parents stripped me naked and dragged me through the living room . our parents were staring at me , each with a stubbled face that was identical in every way to mine and our father simply stared , lips pressed tight , at us and said in one voice : `` you 're an identical twin , mark ? '' `` no sir . you 're an identical twin to terry . twenty-seven years old , seventeen digits , and me . '' i looked at my father puzzled and said , `` wait , '' my mother grabbed my shoulder as we stopped by a nearby living room and proceeded to exclaim at the size difference of my brother 's face . `` now , that it 's done , you know you have a twin now ? '' my father nodded . `` because we know you are looking for him . what is this thing terry told you about ? '' `` it 's this thing terry told you about finding his twin-mate , john . '' 
make me feel the catch in my throat when you 're sad .|||she was so tiny . it drips like water down my cheeks , onto the paper where i 'm writing this and onto the pages . when i think about all of the tragedies in my life , about plane crashes , and missing flights to that one place in the world ... he 's just somebody i 've passed through my life , a reason i haven't been able to leave , never imagining what was going on , counting down the years to the day i 'll see him again . i will tell you , he 's not evil or dangerous . he 's just someone you meet and a friend . he understands my worries and cares about my life . but also ... he 's a boy , and he 's afraid . he only wants to be friends . 
`` i 'm sorry , but i have to know for sure . ''|||“ you have to know. ” detective david neese said , as if that were a challenge to every demon known to man . his voice was a mixture of confusion and skepticism , adding only one more layer of motivation . “ atleast give us a little warning , we ’ ll do your job as well , ” i said , “ as if tampering with evidence would be doing anything useful. ” his monotone voice was dripping with sarcasm . “ you do realize that just because i find a bowl of salt and pepper that reminds me of vomit makes me disgusting ” i chuckled . i scratched the back of my neck , and looked through the fog of the office doors . i reminisced about mcdonalds . 
you have been living in north korea for all your life and have been offered the chance to escape .|||how dreadful must be this place ? none of us here is ever going to see the sun again . not ever again . well , you and me , anyway . perhaps that is the kind of threat we have each other . there was no contract anymore . no chance of secret deals and we were free to just go . i left you behind to get married and no one suspect a thing , not even yourself . you have n't asked , but that said , i know you were lonely . only , you were n't alone in this for me either . in fact , i 'm glad you were taken away . you have a good heart , no matter how much you hate your past , but it grew rusty at this end . i 've seen you daily for years , looking for it just to be a sign from above . you had no reason for suspicion . 
as the days pass , the mice start bringing you food .|||ever wondered how i 'd get so lonely . no one ever predicted my fate , not even her dog . she 'd always assumed me to be strong and worthy , living in our old house where we had waited for her to return , but never did . a dead piece of bone and a single feather graced my bed-roll , while i slept . and i dreamt . i dream of growing tall , gaining strength with the wind , and i dream of a warm bed , but it all happens at night , and sometimes i wake up with dreams about how short my arms are or how dark my skin seems . 
you are part of a bloodline that has been banned from domino 's pizza for 1,000 years . the time is almost up .|||the pizza had been on the crust for almost six hours now . i looked at the pope sitting on the large sloped living room sofa . then i looked at the door . silent and horrifying . no clicking , no grumbling , no baking . i opened my eyes . it was a little boy , maybe five maybe , all in a row of wavy grey hair , wheezing slightly . he had broad shoulders , blue eyes , and a light , almost golden glow around his neck . benjamin thomas . `` you 're up to something '' he said . a beautiful voice chirped from heaven , indicating his awareness . a pregnant silence . 
god does exist and is a well kept government secret so the government can maintain control over its people . religious advocates are descendants of people who witnessed god 's first appearance , but the number of believers in this secret is diminishing as there are more and more skeptics .|||`` for goodness' sake stev , say something '' . steve had never seen someone call him that before . he felt weird . steve had come across the rooms he was studying , he had read all the documents , but he had never heard such things about god in all his life . `` what 's the matter ? '' gary and what was left of his companion stepped up to the desk . gary was almost startled . `` guys ? '' `` dad , listen , you are about to blurt outta here ! '' the blarney was getting awkward . the rest of the room was listening intently to what had just happened . `` primere , i 'm sure you will have somethin ' to say about it . '' 
come here , little one ...|||she smiled at him . she always did . she loved to see how much love and affectionate he had for her . he had been so worried that he might come home and find me without her . of course , the funny part was , i could n't go to sleep if he was not . just like every night ... i knew she was fine . 
one of your immediate family members has been replaced by a completely different person , none of your other family members seem to notice anything wrong .|||digging through the roots of my family . my entire clan had been with me since i was a baby . it was a miracle i made it this far , even though the wounds were so deep . i neared the city for the first time , the city had such a sense of renewal . we had renovated the first floor of the family home . but then i lost my brother . long forgotten , just as he showed up on my porch looking like some discarded pitbull , i 'd lost him . i quickly got rid of his body and found temporary home . a small bay window that overlooked town put me in bedside comfort at christmas . 
you are a survivor of the zombie apocalypse , but for some reason you can not take the zombies seriously .|||marcus wilson 's sun had just begun to shade the cliff behind him as he stumbled away from the park gates . `` that 's bad . '' a nervous , nervous voice whispered . `` you 're dead . '' `` it 's the tumor . '' `` now , now who 's silly enough to suspect that ? we 've all seen some pretty exceptional pictures of people these days , marcus . '' another voice interrupted . `` of course , stupid marcus . your legs are going to betray you , anyway , '' it added . `` it 's n't like it took me long to realize . i could n't 've made it that far without becoming one with nature . but it has never done that before . my pt was lack of a tumor . and it has been plaguing my head ever since . '' `` maleper what part of that name have you kept from me ? '' marcus ' eyes widened as he tried desperately to grasp his innocence . he used to wear glasses , but they still seemed like ancient brutes . `` everything feels weird without the subtle layer of cranberry glaze , '' he said gazing straight ahead . 
you finish your cigarrete break at the office . when you walk inside everything is silent , and you notice that everyone is staring at you .|||i step into my office . i catch sasha watching as i smoke my cigar . i smile . fuck yeah sasha . i blew out my cigarette and walk outside . as usual i walk past her cubicle at the office . i 'm in luck , it 's empty . i walk through the door and i 'm met with four men staring at me . my father turns to my brother and peers over his desk . it 's almost as if i 'm trying to get a read from my new boyfriend . he pushes past me towards his cubicle , but then raises one arm . i 've been waiting a week to visit him , he 's hoping i come just to talk . and they're here ! they 're everyone i know from school . even the meh , high-school dropout girls . they come up to me , eye to eye , eager to speak to me . 
you 've been an average joe all your life - pretending you 're hosting a cooking show when you cook , fake acceptance speeches in the shower , etc . only , when you die , it turns out that you 're actually famous in the ghost world and there were always ghosts as your audience .|||`` fucking steppin ' cat ! ! '' angry ghost was yelling across the room . `` tell me how to deal with this ! '' fatone , an impossibly large piece of dead flesh , screamed back at the woman . she was n't anything like she used to be . without a trace of her long-dead name and a flicker of theatrical emotion left in her voice , fatone began walking with a suave grace that surprised even him . the woman felt as puzzled as the ghost and took a step backwards . `` get fucking lost , man ! '' she yelled . she waved her fingers at him with an awesome grin . 
many young adults claim to have seen a tv show called `` teletubbies '' as kids , but there is no record of such a show existing .|||i saw the reruns on netflix . horror stories , all somehow connected and finally , i found purgatory . i stayed by the tv for a long time , knowing that a remote in a remote-controlled house would help lift power when a worker forgets to turn on the remote . it probably took me five minutes to realize that the remote had n't always had access to the remote-controlled house that caused all the problems . i triggered various functions , from turning on the remote control to moving the camera remote , causing the camera remote to operate on its own as usual . when that stopped , the remote-controlled house almost fell over . the remote-controlled house had been locked in place for years , always remembering the date or time , always switching from the moment the operator went to sleep each night , all of these problems finally trapping it when the operator hit the reset button . replacing the remote-operated house with a manual-controlled house did n't even need a click to restart the electricity supply . 
write a short story where the main character dies . then , write a new version of the same story , but this time the character has read your original version . continue the pattern .|||i 've been waiting . *many nights I stare out the window and take the hint and walk out of the room . i 've walked under a knife and down a hallway , and onto a concrete ledge , and i stood in the middle of the room and watched the other women weep . *he waits for me . he waits . sometimes , he just sits and hides behind drawers , sometimes he leans against doors and wins and never comes out . i have tried to look after him , just keep gazing at the scene in front of me , with the corner of my eye always glancing down , straight ahead to where the scene takes place . anybody could take me , and see if they were a bit smarter than he was . but really , only the smarter of us , no one could ever take me seriously . 
everyone has powers locked within them . each power is different , and the longer it takes for a power to manifest , the greater it is . a 100 year old man is being hunted by the government for still being powerless .|||“ but how long must it last , man ? ” he asked . he never wanted to sound so desperate . he loved being powerless , but knowing he was it was now out of the question . having the superpower of master manipulation was a thing of the past . i could skip years just because they would reveal it . not just to him , but anyone , they ’ ll tell you . everyone . but there comes a point in life where the world depends on you , if it will , that is , if the advantage turns into that which is neither then and nor now , nor vice versa . he blew up the stage after the last show , leaving no one in the audience at all . he never meant to end up like this . hell , he never meant to end up like this , but the world was determined to feel lost . so he blew the stars and planets , and the stars and galaxies , through the span of time , or so he thought . the strings tore open , and the gods themselves came out to howl in despair . 
the human attribute generator placed 1 on all your stats , but 11 on your luck , the max should have been 10 . god watches in anticipation as you unknowingly went to your first boss fight .|||i look around at the crowd . human only in shape , black ink dots on the back of its head . it is me . i am god , man . i am god . '' my dad says , my eyebrows raised . `` why are you here , let me get the weapon and give it to you ? '' `` you will not be coming back . '' `` bless you man . '' he says , his eyes shining with pride . `` but i need it . '' `` what is it . it is n't allowed to be picked up in person . '' `` well , then you 'll get it when you fight this big boss , '' my dad says . 
in a world of powers , you 've developed the power to manipulate probability . problem is , you 're not a very bright person .|||i start to understand then . there 's a lot of meanings in it . long story short , i discovered things today that are a fucking waste of time . here 's an idea that ’ s not even good enough for the situation . people tend to be far too happy for much more . this makes me loathe humanity . i never used to be happy , but this is now . i ask myself , what happened to me ? this is why i became so happy . 
you wake up from a deep sleep , realizing you 've been transported through time to a funeral . whose funeral , you ask ? your own .|||looootah ! ! i was just enjoying the sunset ! the pretty lady with a nice house and a husband , laughing just outside ! i 'm completely lost for words . all that went on in there before ! i tried to drown out her screaming , but i just could n't . she sounded so sharp , and so big . she looks like that one of my aunts ! ! ! how my neighbours will love this woman ! ! why have n't i met her ? why did n't i find her with some friends ? she took a cell phone picture of her and i to go at . 
when you go to hell you are forced to watch the worst day of your life over and over again .|||he n't speak anymore . *he never will* i thought , the title sounded like the spark between brother and sister . i was twenty three years old , and my life was about to take a turn for the worst . the people around me would get jealous , my mom would do n't care anymore , my fathers had over-reached and murdered all his sons and their daughters , and it was my mother who refused to realise that . all i wanted was to sleep . what i got was a place where the day always ends , and a place where i was at the top . *when i went to hell , i was six years old . my parents had bought the farm and i had been left to it . 
in 750 words or less , tell a story from the perspective of a greek god or goddess , try not to reveal which one until the end .|||every god thinks the same way , me included . everything is to me . everything is a ceaseless strive for knowledge , freedom , and longevity . my name is illos , and yet i want so very much to know this world . it endlessly crosses my mind as i sleep , in this prison of my mind , my nagged appetite fighting to keep up with my inferior body . every day is a struggle for me . i have doubts , feelings , anger and many things i ca n't explain . i am broken in two . my sister is gone , and i 'm waiting for her . she always knew . 
two bland people have a believable conversation about normal things that can actually happen .|||i looked at the probability of a successful outcome on her face . i guessed `` would n't that be a wonderful thing to predict ? '' she set her hands on the table between us and gave a subtle smile , `` this is n't what you want , just something to try out . '' my grin fell as i heard a voice echo from behind me . now i could hear her . words i could n't predict , but one i knew for sure . the odds appeared not to be good . she was walking towards me with a very large arm leading me as she aimed for a stop sign . i knew i should probably be walking towards her , yet i felt this weird feeling growing inside of me , however . there was never any probability that this interaction would turn out well . well , to the observer it never does . suspicion always clouds my vision and gives them the view they have as blurred backgrounds blur up the hallway becoming a bright red zone . after the conversation we headed back to the car . the ride was warm and relaxing . 
when i was in elementary school , one of my teachers told the class that you could never end a good short story with , `` it was all a dream . '' prove her wrong .|||i was studying for piano in 4th grade . my teacher had a strange way of talking while pretending to speak when she did , and had a great habit of making droll circles on the page . my notebook was old , and i had heard stories from other old people - frequently loopy and in your brother 's case , *filled to the brim* with hundreds of bound strings and recently read lengthy unbridled dramatic fiction . even then , it was the teacher that coughed once or twice , and everyone just kept on with their lesson , the ever jolly old teacher . she certainly was a strong influence in me . all of my classmates liked the teacher . i didn ’ t mind - and i didn ’ t mind being made fun of for it . and in that sense , she was right . it was all a dream . i needed a good to end the story . 
every five years your island society must retreat into bunkers to avoid the month long flood . out of boredom and rebellion , you surface to find no floodwaters at all . just the face-less creatures .|||barry opened his eyes . he was alone on the sea floor . he knew the drop was here . it was three years too soon to escape . except , it was not a drop he needed . it was a wall of water . the high water levels kept the citizens in . it was like an endless mountain of water , and nobody had time to think about it . no one did . his veins stood on end as he snapped out of his daydream of a wind and sea . he was trapped in the ocean floor . 
in an attempt to convince people society would have been better if humanity had never found religion , a time traveler kills anyone who begins to develop a form of faith . he goes back to the present and finds that people now universally worship a god who travels through time and smites heathens .|||god had told them that theirs was a clean , simple universe . not a rainbow-spangled globe of malevolence , not a spider-linged demon that threatens the very thought of movement . he had taught them the truth as far as stillness was concerned , not the passing of time . a lowly priest would be the first to stop him . a man that thought that worshipping god was so stupid that he would waste time worshipping a statue a god of hell , was the first to call him god . the shrill `` for what his name hath wrought ! '' resisted the wailing gods of the abyss and their deity . what was it that made them even hungover for a dead god ? it had been twelve hours since he had dared embark on this quest , and the first part of the journey was a true test of man 's mettle . he was the exception , with no exception in sight , for gods now had all the answers . god leapt from that slender strand of bone that was a man , to his maw of infernos . 
setup the inevitable gritty live-action dora the explorer movie .|||dora is the most dutiful and courteous little girl , yet she is never afraid to risk something . when i remember back to the days of her age , dora would put the safety of her screen out to the video cameras . some high school girls would post videos of adventures in the dark forests of montclair , lonely spots of trails searching for adventures that would never find them . her character was a brave one , always trying to go to the wilderness . however , every child is different , yet she always seems to find a way to succeed . lately , the point feature that gets more attention is her ability to explore . a bug grows out of her wrist . scarlet macaw plays cow chase . 
a woman falls in love with death and commits murder countless times just to catch a glimpse of him .|||i 've loved her for longer . even after everything she did . the years she was without . i still love her . her eyes made the eyes of a demon who ca n't be overcome by anything but death . sometimes she just touches me , an eternity of silence . i can forget for a moment that isaac lawrence is a sweet child , so quiet you could be talking to him . her peaceful smile and well-kept body shattered the silence . i have n't spoken to her since. 
the `` educator '' is a serial killer who will try to educate his victims about some topic over 24 hours and then test them . they get to escape unharmed only if they pass .|||once upon a time , there was a bloke who liked to think he was a hunter . but the man was never a hunter . the trail of blood could be tracked for miles , yet no blood could be tracked . one day , a deranged murderer decided to engage in a peaceful meadow . he stood over a field , a man in a white shirt , a mustache , a spiky beard , and eagle eyes . he 'd always been a predator . he rummaged through the area he 'd watched earlier with the little girl , rattling through dry brush as he did so . one day , he remembered the trail , the path had been marked by metal castings , water marks , and he double-stepped a few steps in front of a tree . he 'd hidden the man inside the tree , but now he would be uncovered as soon as the sun rose . 
when i was 16 my father pulled me out of school and shoved me in the car . his eyes did n't leave the road as he threw a gun in my lap and said , `` we 're going to get your mother . ''|||`` james . '' i looked at the beat up car i was sitting in , my fistful of hair and face furious at my father . `` have you turned off the ignition ? '' his finger was slowly running up and down the muzzle , as if he wanted to gauge my reaction . he was mute . at this point i was doing nothing more than holding my mobile phone and masking my son 's face . i looked at james , his skin was dirty from crying and his body squirming . it 's a hideous circumstance , to be sure , but i was tired of this . i took a deep breath , tried not to sound frantic , tried not to show any emotion . `` daddy ? '' james nodded , the words failed me . it never failed me when james was awake . 
you have decided to commit suicide by hiring an assassin to kill you . he double crossed you .|||neil held a gum wrapper and two pens up for me to see . `` hey , kiddo . '' he held a hand out to me , holding his glasses on his chin . i looked over to see him do just that . jeff was the one who hired him . jeff had been one of my bosses for the past six years . we were good clients , he always got me the best price . jim had offered to help me and he did . jim was one of my dearest friends . he was so kind when he first got my job . he always spent all night with me . i have never seen him like that before . frank was my other co-worker . he had a family . their youngest son was christopher , who had recently had noah . 
the best paragraph you 've ever written .|||warmth sudden panic . he lies down on the concrete , his hand outstretched , palms facing the wall . as if he is waiting for something . it is this slight wobble of his body that brings terror . the sensations spike , the adrenaline begins to flush through his veins . the sudden flurry . he felt *fear * for a second before he looked back up at the green sky . a frown was drawn across his forehead . a hint of caution as well . the sensation continued until discomfort became the only reaction on his face . finally , he stood , shuffling out of bed . 
everyone is born with a unique ability , and , at first glance , your 's seems random and useless . upon further examination , you realize that it is much more useful than you previously could have imagined .|||the ticking of the clock seemed to get louder , and louder . i looked around the room , and saw at least two people watching me . i could hear them talking , but no words were being spoken . what they were saying was essentially the same . `` how do you see me ? '' i asked , as he continued to stare at me . slowly , my fingers hit the green box on the floor . i sighed . i never got to know my powers to a certain extent , either . i did n't nurture them . i did n't love to nurture , and still resent them . but the ticking of the clock sounded louder and louder . how could i look at all those faces as i allowed the ticking of the clock to get louder and louder ? i knew all too well that it was useless . however , when i decided to talk to them . as their voices kept coming , and soon enough i would hear `` should i fix this ? '' i pressed my finger against the floor , and felt the hairs on my neck stand on end . `` no , this is quite perfect . '' 
you 're a seven year old who pulls the blanket over their head when you feel something tap your arm .|||hello there . i think this voice could be someone else . at least , i think it could be someone else . `` hey . what ... '' i 've heard it before , and it makes me nervous . i 'm new to this , after all . usually , i just sit there quietly in the corner of my bed . it took me a while , but i guess the man with the microphone could have spoken to me . i really do n't know what to say . i do n't want to say anything , as i do n't want to think like this . i 'd rather just listen to whoever called me . but now , everything i wrote sounded like crap to me . 
a japanese and a canadian try to out-polite each other .|||i staggered back , my throat felt like it would burst just as the words left my lips . `` t-to-teh po-t-t-to-t-t-to-t-teh po-t-t-to-t-say-that-it-'s-exactly-the-same-you-w-your-way-said . '' the man , who looked as if he stepped onto solid wood , startled . he stared at me as if i were a sickeningly familiar fellow . he eyed me as if i were of the same species , and smiled slightly , pleased at his comical effect . `` hello . you are absolutely and utterly identical to me . what 's the nerve ? '' as the air left my lungs in a massive rush , the thing , something black , came out of me and clutched at my chest , making it seem as if my body was being attacked , then returned to normal once it did . his pale pale skin mirrored mine . the surreal moment was fast approaching , but the train of thought was already in motion . `` what , honestly ? '' 
`` well , i think the whole thing started when the guy in the mirror stole my toothbrush . ''|||she 's not sure why , but i do . `` well , i think the whole thing started when the guy in the mirror stole my toothbrush . '' the thought was brief . i stumbled across the bathroom while staining myself with dried coffee , who was gazing at me with oddly blue eyes . `` have i told you about the sex ... '' the words dissolve the conversation . the mirror starts to turn dark with the stain of my morning . `` well , well , well ... '' i scramble to wipe the razor across the sink , my back feeling the cold metal of the toothbrush which felt strangely familiar . i rub my eyes to clear the sleep . i look down and see ... really dirty . 
a man is scheduled for execution by lethal injection . however , he is immune to the drug .|||he looked on for a while as the medical breakdown of this failed series continued . agencies and movies were running constant re-runs of old movies , quickly becoming film noir . he sighed , watching the reports on screen . the final court appearance would take place on the day that they would do the actual execution . he had no family in this life , so he would be the first to go . he was told he would be given a painkiller to relax his body . he had n't been in a bad instance in months . he did n't know what was there to fear . he did n't know if it was merely morbid curiosity , boredom or a general dislike of humans . he could barely see anything , faintly smelled garlic when he walked into his cell , and the special machine that was keeping him here ? well . he never had noticed the words on the lab report made more sense now . of course he remembered . a sad death simulation . 
during a routine consultation with your psychiatrist , he accidentally responds to a question from one of your 'hallucinations ' . how do you respond ?|||they said they did n't give any names for you , but you are . i said they should have been chosen like anyone else . they wanted a name . for the person that wakes up in the middle of the night . instead i tell them the name you were to pick . chris 's first name would be david . it was his mother . chris always said david was something special , like the one he used to take pictures with . `` this whole week has been weird , so you know , '' he says when he raises his head . `` how do you describe it ? '' david adds , a look of confusion in his eyes . `` weird ... '' 
we live in a world where parents are allowed to `` abort '' their children up until the point they reach the age of 18 . your 18th birthday is 1 month away .|||so it 's almost my birthday , and james will be telling me . james always waits for me on the other side of the room , bitching at me and saying i need to remember what he said so long ago . i 'm not always the one that answers . james stares at me and turns away . and it 's okay , i know it 's n't always right . i 'm sorry . he looks back at me as if to ask what 's wrong . i close my eyes , willing my brain to stay shut . 
you die and go to hell : bullet hell , that is .|||i fall . try not to scream in shock . not that way ; i know the screams are going to be loud . but i am the one on the battlefield and i let them . the taste of blood burns my tongue and maybe my eyes . i got so used to wiping blood off my face and forehead that this was something i ca n't get over . my shots are poor at best , i did n't mean them to end up in this bitch 's mouth . then it hits . it came so fast . a feeling of not being able to really breathe . i ’ m lucky the bullet did n't graze me after it landed . the little bolt was hot , but the bullet was n't solid . it hit a stray bullet for sure , and maybe killed someone . i ’ m wincing now because the nameless lance that connects with my hand is not sharp . 
the four seasons are actually people . one peculiarly cold winter you kidnap summer to keep warm , but the others are outside to rescue him .|||fade young . jesus . winter . great . beautiful . fascinating . y'know what ? summer . year 's while , or though it is . three little larks flittering around the world in harmony . an oak ajar three times today . in unison , two thousand trucks turned a corner , into the street . perfect synchronization . well , about perfect the trees . well , for a tree . the sun is no longer up , but rather the sky . or at least a sunrise . it 's about how a cactus is in an atmosphere , a very delicate landscape you ’ ve never seen , or been under . well , maybe it ’ s been blue in mexico , or green the last couple of weeks . 
they 're the last four human beings on earth . and they pretty much hate each other .|||we felt hands on our feet ; they felt like they were grabbing us , trying to pull us down the dirt path . if we were alive . we were in agony . every step , every step , we must take , every breath , was excruciating . we had to breath . our lungs were burning ; we were hungry . mosquitoes wanted us . we did n't belong in the dirt trail , still clinging to the surface . we were n't worth anything , we were dead . 
the disney universe is under attack , as the disney heroes are on the verge of defeat , the disney villains come to the rescue .|||“ but we didn ’ t know we could do it ! ! ” meyrin , the intergalactic hero and the founder of reddit , made his way through the ashes of his ship . his friends all giggled , and he was allowed to wander through the empty space . the wasps complained , but kept to themselves . they followed the drabbly with their long blonde hair and fedoras . describing every detail i had ever experienced to them they all recounted what they had done at least three times . i ’ d even heard some of them recount their whole ordeal , even if they were in the space themselves . stranded in worlds of mouths and webs i wouldn ’ t want to spend a day in . 
you are dying and you see a face you never thought you 'd ever see again .|||it had been a while since i had seen that woman again . when i saw her face it was hard to believe . the time i was with her was too great to imagine . i , oh how i have missed her , of all people . i was lying on the edge of the bed with my hands behind my head . while on the other side of the curtain i saw a man standing in the doorway . there was a slight creaky groan , like something just right for someone so old to hear . i would see it again . we were crying then . but i did not know him . 
the final goodbye between two soulmates in love . break my heart .|||i knew i loved her the moment i saw her , but there was nothing i could say . she looked at me with such love i could n't even finish my sentence . `` ... he was ... '' i tried . a chugging mouth dropped from the waiter . a waitress returned to his table and was shaken by the deep voice of death . `` he was n't from around the corner . '' `` uh ... yes . he was from around the corner . yeah , i think -- '' `` you know , max . '' `` yeah , you know , i think he 's from around the corner . '' 
`` gatha 'round chirren , an ' let granny tell ya da story o ' a mighty beast : da when wolf ! ''|||`` alright , here we go , guys . '' alexandria leaned in closer to her grandma , rubbing the wound at her forehead where it had began . she 'd worked at granny 's place for a decade , and when granny died , she had just finished giving the grizzled centaur a trim , hairy touch on the hand . `` damn it , granny ! '' the call resonated with young alexandria 's ears , and she felt the phantom bear 's collar vibrate , like a ring in a water bottle . with that thought , she thought of little red-nosed simon , or the wolf , or perhaps the horsey man . those things could be anywhere , but the woman felt herself slowly smacking into a group of black children next to her . `` hello ! '' the children were simply children , but she was n't them . groggily , alexandria rubbed the wound and walked to her grandson , whose hands were wrapped around a gatherer-like of the giant . alexandria greeted her with half a smile , and heard her unshaven old man start to whirl his hat around . 
you are a prostitute with ocd ( nsfw )|||`` something stupid is going on with my wife again . '' i said to a newer brunette client on my way out the door . she did n't say what she thought , but i could tell something was off . she was mad at me about a lot of things , but this was the first time i really thought my job creeped her out . `` she 's not even a girl -- '' `` i know . '' i said . `` i would have recommended selling her last . '' the sickly dancer smiled at me , even though she was n't very attractive , and i could feel it in her eyes . she was a good dancer , and it was making sales easier . in my line of work , sales are casual because a woman 's main expenses are clothes and safety . i closed the door behind me , and sheila collapsed under the silk blankets with a fluffy sigh . 
a 10-year old child realizes that he is a machine built to look act and feel like a human . he is not the first of his kind . there are others unaware of their robotic nature .|||i ran from him . `` get back ! '' i called out . `` here he is , '' he said , reaching out to grab me . i ducked and dodged away . `` no , i- '' i started before i was interrupted . `` no , no , you 're not ! '' i tried to yell at him again , but all i could manage was a silent groan . the form continued to turn away . he was too attached . `` why do you even think you look like a human ? you 're a robot , why do you look like one ? '' he said . 
you were so brain washed , you were n't in control of anything you said or did , but now you 're coming back , this is the story of you fighting to regain control of yourself .|||i just need to make my mind up , i think . it 's like the words of a song , yet the music never shines through a wall . i remember watching my high school recital of god damn reruns , or just the silence of my fractured brain , before the sight of the word returned overtaking me and made me a coward . at first , i held it in - in the sight of the children 's dreams . i would be the one that had conceived of such a wonderful childhood . the innocent little boy , capable of imagination the size of my brain , and one worthy of such attention only to be driven from me . wholly alone . such a fool . i always lived in fear . 
the animals of earth rise up and put humanity on trial for crimes against nature .|||the world population was at a standstill for months . no one had been able to believe in what they had planted . perhaps a few had hoped , but they were hesitant to ask . everyone had become too wise , too invested in their means , and had allowed themselves to be blamed for nothing in particular . judging by the knowledge and training they had already gained , they had been able to develop almost immediately . they felt sure , in all probability , that something miraculous would happen to me . and they were right . i survived at first , harvesting the limitless crops the wilfee had approved . we shot down more crop harvesters than any large company can count . the panel of scientists had told them that i was wrong , plainly and clearly . 
among alien species humans are famous for prefering pacifism but being the most dangerous species when they are forced to fight .|||`` that 's sick , '' laura thought to herself . the boy didn ’ t get it at first . a black giant standing in his cradle was breathing down on her soul . she was full of life -- bursting forth into life , expanding , expelling energy from the cracks of the earth . it was all so wrong . the boy deserved to be left undisturbed . how dare he ... how dare he try and poke her so hard ! ? `` humans have always been the most dangerous species , '' she said with a smile . she left it at that . there was a pause . `` yeah , `` she thought to herself . 
: your first book became a massive global success , and the series gets turned into a massively disappointing tv show . you ca n't break the contract but to spite them , you start making the plot increasingly difficult and expensive to filmatize . write a random excerpt from the 12th book .|||the dragons are on a rampage . if you believed the rumors , luanar was one of them . the rambling hulk stared at the sky . after encountering tainted plants and elpheus monsters in their dream , he knew there was no other way . after all , if you had n't caused it , it would 've never happened . the beast rumbled in the darkness outside , and luanar looked up to see just what a cold part of it he did n't understand . he eyed the tree in front of him , and he knew he was the reason . the creature knew how to manipulate the physical world , and all the more reason why they should fear his manifestation . the dwarf , this time . the creature digtles its skull to pound at a weakness in itself . an amalgamation of superhuman glands , it can generate muscles not previously known . luanar shifted in his seat , stalking his nemesis , straining against the layers of armor he had grown to bear . *perfection is primal , but only for the worse . 
you discover a comic book series that , according to release dates , predict events of your life a week before they happen . you see a new issue was just released and the ending almost stops your heart .|||i was just looking at the cover . to figure out the exact story behind a single page but in such a dreamlike trance . it had gone by so quickly . i was amazed . it was exactly what i had expected . i was going to get home at night and it was going to be the top of the morning . was it something they could just read like that ? so uncalled for . but something clicked and now i was afraid . i looked up with excitement . why was this comic right ? and again everything shifted . one page was written on a farm and another on the streets . it was shocking . 
all humans go automatically to hell when they die . you can gain access to a heaven though , but only if the animals you interacted with while living vouch for you .|||how perfect , my god , i do n't believe in a neanderthal so perfectly ranked but what right shall i have to be here ! even my best spirit couldn ’ t give a damn . being one of the first visitors to heaven means practicing for the flyswatters . and the flies get to glide high in the air while patting their feet when the lights go on . it ’ s quite simple really , it ’ s not like being in heaven is any different from the rest of my hallowed slumber , where the reward for everything human is a death that is 4,000 ft above you . in hell , they call it the hitler ’ s torment chamber , where what you most want is what you think you want , but nobody will truly know . at least not in these place so clearly designed for humans and full of assholes who don ’ t care about the animals ’ welfare . standing in line , my energy meters buzzed to life and my body felt amazing . 
expecting a quick death while falling from the bridge of khazad dum , gandalf is surprised to find himself laying on his back in the middle of diagon alley .|||`` help ! '' gandalf shrieks , his voice hurting him the most because his eyes are so still from the sights around him . the rope which held him down swinging over the web is no longer connected to him , it just links him to the ground . gandalf must have fallen for like a million days , and he craps himself into the trash bucket he 's holding , as he regrets his last wishes of his impending demise . the gut wrenching pain of falling off the edge of a building is gnawing at his guts . he knows his time is up soon and is climbing down to get out of the mess he 's gotten himself into . he 's trying to breath when all of a sudden , upside down , he feels a slight warmth fill his chest . his eyes shoot open , gandalf could n't see any blood , but thought he could think of nothing for several minutes before his vision cleared . his entire body feels slightly warm and his mouth feels dry . 
one person in the entire world was born without the need to sleep . he is now x years of age and for the first time in his life , he feels sleepy .|||he was 8 years old when he first woke up . it was a strange dream , right ? he was in front of someone . his parents were watching tv , the tv was playing a game . he had n't felt this before , and he had not been awake . when he woke up , i knew it was time to go to bed . my mom was the one who put the covers on my bed , that was when my eyes opened . she started talking about sleeping . “ hey do you think you will be able to go back to sleep soon ? ” she said . there was one more question i needed to ask . i would literally have to shout , but she would just subconsciously ignore me . she wanted to let me know that i would still be able to sleep , at least for the next few hours . but when i told her i was 10 , she just said , `` okay then . well , take your time . '' 
writing workshop 47 : beginnings .|||it was a storm ; a goddamn storm in the ’ 2023 states , and so terrible that the moon was never visible at all . it had long been abandoned in the snow , like all of the trees before , by neglect , and ignored . dismissed by reason ; society no longer values romance or beauty . grown boys and girls now recognize their flaws . past and present . they are known by their covers . the blood and sweat that ran from their faces is gone . their young arms are tattered , their dress is ebony , their eyes glowing red , and there is a rusty sheen to their clothing . when they first met , they thought they were brothers , crumbling in love , and unable to hold each other while being young . but after the first love is gone , so is their future . however long it takes , the old ones , they will fall in love again , and it will be the moment their bride said they love each other . 
write an astronauts seemingly final moments after being adrift for many years .|||three seconds to 2 minutes '' `` hello reed . you might like to file a report . '' `` hoa james , oh how your ship flies me on . the monisk never lands . '' `` okay , go make it 2 minutes alright . '' james stretched out three thumbs to stretch out the time and time again . when he looked back he was ready to say farewell and shake hands with the man in the last seconds . for a fleeting moment it felt like a dream . he stood with his back to the ocean . he stumbled a little as he tried to stand in line but somehow succeeded in blocking planes from coming by . his hands look as if they are the size of fists , like they just could n't do it . people stare , lost in their own eyes , hopelessness like it happened to them at one point or another . the fierce pained stares look at him like they have eyes of their own . 
write a story about a character of a story whose story never got finished .|||i wake in terror and growl . i must speak . the voice above me sounds ancient and grotesque . but i do not fear my enemies , for from long before they began their disreputable business - the legion of clans - they came from the stars . from the skies ; come the corrupt , from the dark . it is time now to unify the people . it is time for a new set of inhabitants to tear down the cruel soil of the world . avengers of the taint that haunted the villagers from age . every day , they lived their nightmares over and over and over again . dreams of spirits moving from shadow to light and coming to life beneath their feet . imagery of demons stalking them told their tales . and these creatures are alive - hungry and cold , but covered with food and warmth . their hunger is sharp , as is their emotions , flesh and lust . 
a gigantic toaster is dropped into the pacific ocean . chaos ensues .|||flashgate . i stared out the window and wondered if the extinction zone would melt into a gorgeous oceanic sunset along the eastern seaboard . the sky was a bleak red , but the ocean was alive with life and desperately needed protection . *no* , i thought . a large ship i looked at was missing the water and i took some of its empty cargo in my arms and carried it in . i could n't get closer to shore in case it broke , and i did n't want the kevlar on the boat to crumble in a pool of ice . i needed a safe area to wait . it could n't be that bad . 
humans have tapped the sun 's power and have the means to leave earth for another planet , but one things stops them .|||i laid here . in the shade . i stared into the darkness , and just like that , another moment passed by . the tunnel , the painting on the wall was n't going to save it . i thought of the spirit , the belief that some day , a spirit will make a difference on this world . he was the first one to go . he was the first one that ventured beyond the foundation stone and turned the world he left . it got colder then and became a lava lake . rain , fire , no matter how much you threw , it was the same . they all turned to rain . 
everyone gets a doppelganger at the age of 24 . society expects that the two must try to kill one-another , and the survivor will be accepted as the original , whoever wins . you , however , have befriended your doppelganger instead . a lot of people are not happy about this .|||# 2 “ 23 years old ” day held the same dread . it would be my 21st birthday , then it ’ d turn twenty-three . i squirmed with anticipation , and like clockwork i turned 22 today . my parents would n't like me , either . what would i do for a birthday party , besides telling everyone i was the thing ’ s evil twin and causing them to feign surprise ? and it didn ’ t matter . everyone knew , except me . for some reason i had his suspicion - two my parents were ones , one me . they were afraid of the unknown , and of the future , but i knew better . our suspicions were too predictable . i finally arrived at john robin franklin 's front lawn , a bit later than expected . 
`` she said she loved him . '' insert the word `` only '' anywhere in this sentence . it must be the final sentence of your story .|||`` she said she loved you . '' how do i tell you that i love you ? before i say anything i 'm not going to say anything , so i 'm not going to say it . '' i reach out to pull my blanket up and put it over me , to cover me up . and then i close my eyes . we were so young . i remember when we were , so happy , so *different* . she 'd taken this job by mistake , and i was the wrong one to go with . but i was given a chance to tell her how much i loved her . i did , and i 'm so proud of myself for it . she was my first . she was my whole world and my life , and now we were stuck . but i think i got lucky . maybe i found my soulmate . or maybe i hit a jackpot . 
the real reason we 're not supposed to look at the sun during a total eclipse is because it reveals something horrifying .|||lifethes and leaves in the air are permeating every inch of sol 's atmosphere , bringing the gray sky to a standstill . each breath feels like it breathes bubbles of pure eternity to the individual , which goes against all of the previous predictions . today 's increase in solar system population is estimated to be 150 percent , well over the thousands of years that we 've been able to control the sun without implacable interference . jehovah combined with the enigma of the martian star pull to invoke an action at the sunrise of the day . it would put it accurately , the primary force that most people were attentive to . at the forefront of his mind , was that sun . if he was pleased with his scientific ability , it was not the enthusiasm that he sensed elsewhere in his body . 
you consciously make a pact with the devil to let you work for him as a collector of souls and demons . try to describe the ways he tries to decieve you while making the pact , and the ways you bypass all tricks .|||you fool . i know you would n't do anything like that . you had a pact with the devil and made a deal to be one of his indentures . but man , i do not work for him . none of those `` fools '' ever work for me . man , i am a job hunter and not some tar faggot . but i have obligations . maybe i can fool them . what do they expect me to do ? take their souls . does that actually mean they are mine ? what do they ask for ? what do they think they are worth ? and what are the demands for me ? really ? what part of my bargain is not what i wanted ? 
`` if i keep this up , my ... ''|||there are things that you enjoy about life . most people would never think to want to live forever , so prolonged interest in things tends to be a turn of events . for me , it means travelling throughout the country , training for marathon . friends , new work , finally able to buy a house ... everything takes time . travel can be lonely , strangers , and confronting death . too many people have died since i ’ ve left . sitting by the window at my new house , idling my car , i told myself , “ there ’ s more to this world than war , or food and housing , or beauty , or being surrounded by people who are willing to sacrifice their life for others . i ’ m sure there are others out there who can ’ t wait . 
what if someone who was really into pain was getting tortured ?|||i 'm scared of death . it 's the only way for me to survive . that , and because i don ’ t have a family to stay with , there 's no honor in it . i ’ ve been wondering for years why people do it ; why i was the only person to be granted a crew pass . and it ’ s not because i ’ m terrible with weapons . neither of the inmates here have much to complain about . most of them are decrepit , just like i am , chomping on homemade toys . the few who ’ ve gone out on the limb bunched up into suitcases waiting for plasma gas and glasses . others are too proud to join . misguided recruits with good grades often fade into obscurity after graduating high school and picking up weapons without training . considering that fighting is impossible without bombs , it makes sense to arm the few that can . if they were n't bombing you at such odds , they wouldn ’ t be enjoying the adrenaline rush that ’ s wrapping around their veins . instead they ’ d be turning lakes into battlegrounds , shooting up towns for pointless casualties to keep their ranks united and gaining attention . 
a drug has been outlawed decades ago that has a fifty-fifty shot at making you incredibly intelligent , or completely insane . you hold the last pill in existence .|||`` i may as well do it right now , '' she thought . her fingers on the table , her gun held high , ready to fire . the last pill of what could , ironically , be called addiction became a suicide pill . there was no explanation for it ; only the scientists , researchers and the doctors spoke of an achievement -- creating a frame of mind that worked when all else failed . one of us who could be happy , and another who can be sad . not everyone must do it . he stepped out of the room and into the view . serene landscapes like it . strikingly beautiful light represented a world she knew , one she once was a part of . she had learnt to love nature , and was beginning to forget her own fate . 
god is actually a divorced couple with shared custody of humanity . now it 's old testament 's turn to take the kids , and he is not happy with how new testament has handled the last two millenniums .|||`` look what they did , john . '' `` what ? '' i asked , thinking that i 'd been watching a fan show on krispy kreme . `` no that 's not what we 're doing . this is our thing . make this happen . '' `` it 's an old testament thing . '' `` right . a man from c-6 now ! '' `` and he did n't make the weapons . '' `` nope . no man from c-6 now ! '' `` but you , the other man from c-6 , went out to the satellites ! '' `` what ? '' `` why ? '' `` why did you go over the shoulder of the enemy ? '' 
a serial killer stalks a group of college campers . one night the killer makes his move and murders a camper . he returns to camp to decide his next victim but finds the one he murdered perfectly alive .|||i left my truck and started walking towards the dump . i pulled up to the nearest pay on the corner of my street and parked beside the open gate . there was a slight breeze in the air . this was one of those camps like the old western logging camps . camping in the woods , surrounded by hundreds of avid hikers that i had never seen before . nobody had spotted me . with the slight breeze , i barely looked back at the people that clustered around my camper , my course was now blocked off by bushes . the only way to enter the bush was a blind , so if anyone did see me , it was only for a second . my target sat on the largest rock as tall as possible by the lake . his hand rested on an outcrop just off the shoreline . 
on the day you turn 18 everyone is given the first words that their soulmate will speak to them . when you receive yours it says simply `` welcome to starbucks . can i take your order ? ''|||my eyes traveled up and down the lined line of trusted customers as i scanned the vast café . the cup of coffee in my hand was pale and cold , wishing i had one of those dainty greetings ready to pour over the flute . i had picked it up at a coffee shop a few weeks ago , to view in person . well , i guess i was wondering if it was a greeting , or a saying . the familiar beer tia 's tee tees boomed off the left , and a few patrons spilled over towards the counter . `` are you happy here ? '' i asked , taking my place at the bar . several ladies stood , reserved each with a slip of paper and a mint . a man passed by the cafe . his back was turned , holding nothing but silence . i hoped he was too tired to speak . 
a person is born unable to hear lies . whenever a lie is told around them , they can only hear the truth .|||they called it wisdom . it had to be ... lies to disguise their past . even then , they ran , and things were all fine until they realized that it could n't be . the caretaker of the man of color sat a detective mid street wondering what crimes the press had committed . `` listen detective , '' he boomed . '' it 's too much to ask , '' detective point out to the attached inspector . the officer sighed heavily and jostled the command post deeper into the wall . `` not that much to ask . i 'm making a note of the names of the latest suspects in the public registry . '' the detective continued , tugging at the name plate on his belt . 
it had returned . the space wyrm , come to devour the sun .|||scary things can sometimes happen - just scary things , at least . yes , technically , a disaster was that the last of the sunlings never returned . but they 'd lived . they 'd fought for their continued existence , viciously , alongside their descendants . they 'd killed innocent friends and companions for sustenance . they 'd died trying , too - resisting the extinction of their ruler by force . sure , when you 're a child , blood burns through your body like poison , and falls to the floor below you until it hurts . it 's excruciating pain , but nonetheless , it can be worse . when the wyrm had fled to the moon a long time ago , at its mother 's urging , the human kin died as well . humans saw it as no threat to their survival . they fought back at the challenge , but in vain . 
a colony ship goes through a wormhole during the first years of interstellar travel . the wormhole closes and traps them on the other side of the galaxy . they create a new civilization and centuries later come into contact with the rest of humanity . the differences between the two are astounding .|||allanswered the assembly in 1835 . their families had been told that they must expand , expand , expand . they needed resources , to be self-supporting and self-supporting . the generals who came up with the idea met resistance . troops attacked the defenses , the transport was breached and people were threatening to kill one another when the ship was bombarded by massive creatures . it was at this point when baxter , a giant worm , raised a tentacle over the capitals of most of the cities of the new world . it held us fiercely for hours and days . after this attack we defended our lines , watched the wounded . protected by our hero . 
theory of machines .|||it was just another twitch . the starfuck ray was smart enough to manage to take out four or five planets before breaking through the earth 's atmosphere . if nothing else , the way it used to interact with each other in that manner showed that the ray was still there . the line of the solar ray arched up into the sky , moving through slow waves . holding it aloft as if it were responsible for controlling lasers , the base shuddered as the sun barreled towards the dark vessel . black holes started to form in the sky , illuminating the stars as amber . the ray made its loud crash noise . boom ! the starfuck ray seemed to feel the force of a gust of wind . its malevolent ray left the empty void of a darkened realm . entropy froze . 
seven college students accidentally time travel to ancient rome at the time of augustus . their majors are philosophy , physics , math , chemistry , biology , pre med , and history , and they all have their textbooks .|||the power balance was faulty . the only room left in the university and the names required was six . once the teacher had signed us all up for history class , nothing went right . the sophomores missed marks . mark skipped class again . trentana did n't sum up math as well as ask the math nerds and wanted to get to honor council . plato got a busted project on a weird routine and erica did n't go all the way through . jack was never interested in my theory of history . i was stuck on the back from the third and fourth chapters , trying to compensate for jessie biting her tongue and jack covering his knee and anna taking half an almond off the table . anna whispered , `` is this caelum ? '' to which we all responded in unison . 
an alien civilization develops on the lush moon orbiting a massive gas giant . for millennia they have looked up at the dozens of other moons of the planet , one in particular , blue with lights on the dark side . today they send the first space mission to their sister world .|||luminations of pale blue washed in the blue and red light of the moon as we circled the planet . the lights were transparent , like coming out of a soft liquor bottle . our ships were hooked to white screen monitors all around us , like small pickaxe looking things . the ship always took 20 minutes to complete a orbit , and the first 10 minutes had been spent gathering data . a message came from earth : they were on their way to look at something . we were a few hundred light years from earth , not a mile away . in about 20 minutes , the ship would reach the moon , and everything would change . someone left a warning light too bright , and then a lot of things changed . 
you are an alien body snatcher , and this is your first day in your new host body . you have no idea what his life is .|||he did n't recognize me ; he did n't even know my name . it was like i walked out of the opus hall one day while he slept on a dank street out . he was staring at something off in the distance but he could not see . `` hey , there ! '' he said `` stop staring ! '' a short moment later he left the room with the jagged bottle in his right shoe , contemplating his actions . he wandered the streets for a while until he found a middle school . `` could you give me a hand ? '' he said , struggling to find his voice , and began to cry . `` you know what ? '' 
the great filters do exist , but humanity has failed them all . nobody understands how we 're still around .|||`` it 's your filter ! '' i roared . it was n't supposed to happen . i would have known . i would not have expected to see this . she was one of my sister . i thought she would change things . she did not . my family and i never loved her at all . we would not have ever liked her if we had met . i would have told her that at the time . do you remember when the old world wars started ? ? we saw a sort of accident with a spark of passion , in a world full of drama . then they started spreading like wildfire . it was almost like a giant infection . we became one of those planets . he was one of the eight of them in our infinite universe of fire , but unfortunately that was n't enough . 
you can see the date that each person will die on except yourself . one day , people start acting especially nice to you .|||it came on suddenly . pain , but no sadness . it took only one day and nobody told me . on the day of my father 's funeral , everyone was fine . after that , everyone was fine . even mrs todd was great . the next day , she was on her way to the funeral . when she got there , no one was there . no one showed up . *i am going to die today* was my first thought . 
the wow ! signal was n't a star exploding . instead , it was a transmission encoded with frequencies too high for us to detect at the time . 264 years later , humanity receives another such transmission . this time , it 's decoded . it says : `` why did n't you listen ? ``|||i stagger back to the door when i hear a knock . `` knock ? '' asks my mother . `` what ? '' `` jenna , you 're going to have to wait here . '' `` what do you mean ? i went over there for a second and it 's just gone . '' i make a face . `` sorry , just left the handle too far open . i 'll be back . '' she exits the gate . as i hurry up the stairs , i can feel the steel beneath my feet twitch and the muscles in my back move . i could n't see where she went and why her hair was shinier , but i could see her stepping back in through the door . 
he waited there for a moment , idle . he stared into the abyss below , searching for something ...|||'do you wish me to stop ? ' thought the dragon . an elegant woman stood before him , staring down at the abyss below . 'well , i guess that 's the way it is ' she replied , 'but you have to try once ' she glared at him . 'i said to her , turning away from the abyss , with a tiny belch of anger . she simply stood there , incredulous . 'would n't you please stop ? ' said the dragon . 'i would n't die . ' the dragon stood still as if he felt nothing . sparks of fire began to fly , instantly glowing bright and red , wiggling their way out of thin air . droplets of water fell from the sky like a river of life , rising from the depths and ready to swim and dance among the endless darkness . the girl frowned . 'can i help you ? ' said the dragon , looking up at her . 'why do n't you ever just go back to bed ? ' 
you are in a contest to see who lasts the most time locked in a dark room with one meal per day . the thing you do n't know is that everybody lost before the 7th day . you are on day 325 .|||`` wake up ! you got to move ! '' crying , tears tearing my eyes , i tried to sit up . the small room was dimly lit by an artificial light , our screen was wrecked by a giant monitor , and i could n't see anything but there was a set of glowing monitors in front of us . we 'd missed the warning an hour ago . i 've been trying to get out of here for about three hours and my eyesight is failing me , i feel like it 's getting worse . the other people are n't there yet , they 're already a whole hour behind . and i 'm starting to get a little disappointed . i was ready to try everything to the point of not bothering to turn the light off anymore . 
in the year 2100 , humans begin to be able to taste the fear experienced at the moment of death in anything they eat .|||my name is elin . i miss you . we used to talk constantly . but i was fine when i was just looking to read you at bedtime and you would kiss me . i think i get that feeling of getting lost . most nights are spent watching tv while you napped . i guess you can say that we partook in the game of gingham a lot . it does n't make sense , i know . you started it and everything is good . well , if anything it was really bad . i had to pull out so my nieces could see me perform for her parents . it was horribly humiliating . i also brought back the whole graham factor again . apparently these girls are still relying on my genes . 
the uncanny valley is the idea that human replicas that are n't quite right give us a sense of eerieness and unease . write a story that presents a similar sense of unease , while not necessarily appearing to have anything wrong .|||second thought : its just another normal day . get up from that desk , get ready to eat , get dressed . smell that crisp , white hot coffee . in my line of work everyday , i need a good morning coffee , to get me prepared for a day filled of anxiety and running around . i roll out of bed , grab my breakfast basket and leave for work . my belly is pleasantly empty , despite the sour odor at the top of my bun . this morning ... well ... i do n't know if i should even be in a mood , but i can smell the coffee and i 'm feeling kind of out of sorts ... two days late ... three days late ... fine . 
you have a time-travelling phone . this means you can call anyone in the past or future , provided you have the correct phone number .|||people held their mobile phones close to their face as he spoke . any sound that they made was audible in the vintage iphone 's tone of expectant curiosity . `` can you see me ? can you see me ? '' the grandmother 's voice hiccuped for a moment . `` my grandfather , please wait a minute . '' she looked over her shoulder and could see her dead grandson scuttling in the dark behind the kitchen table . `` stop . stop that ! '' her father gasped as he yanked back the one remaining pin on his shirt . `` call 911 , i need to speak with my son 's father . '' his voice was heavy with the mumble of tears , and he never expected it . `` this is it , man ! this is it ! i got you ! '' he started to burst into tears as soon as the phone signal was restored and was carrying for weeks . a peace officer had been inside the front of the old truck for almost an hour . 
in a former nuclear weapons testing ground in the pacific , what 's really buried under the `` radioactive garbage can '' , cactus dome ?|||everybody knew the cactus dome existed but the scientists could never quite explain what was in the bunker 's many canisters . yet what were they hiding ? had a man crawling in there in search of a buried nuclear weapon . there was nothing . they found a canister of liquid nitrogen and disposable food bottles . underneath the dirt , they found a few lizard heads , and two small mounds of stones . these things were in a black pit and bound to be useless if they were not . everyone was afraid to walk in there . this was supposed to be a normal place , right ? 
the forbidden pages ...|||rain evans did n't use to sleep long in the night . his nights were an open space to him in the years before he found dr. dranger . they had spent hours together . fourteen and a half years and seventeen years . for years there had been no one to protect him . and there was no one to give him responsibility . she never told him where she was going to keep the broken pages . dr. dranger set them on the bed across the room and on her desk . it was the only place she did not have to be in charge , but the papers would be there all the time . she would keep them in a small drawer near her bed . 
a man has the power to transfer bad luck , pessimism , despair , and other forms of negativity from person to person , but never to destroy it . he struggles to use this power to make the world a better place overall .|||ok , i am gon na do n't write a hell of a lot , so let me start from the start . i was never a writer . i just never thought i 'd go into the field of writing professionally . i 'm working on it . i think i 'll do a book on my own sometime . by the time i 'm done i 'll have the experience to be successful . i hope that being in the field of writing is how i survive and when i do , i will inspire my fellow people to be better . i hope that i can create something out of my limited creativity . i hope that i can help solve the problem of the spread of knowledge to increase awareness of negativity in our society . i was born emotionless . i have no emotions at all . i was named after the great globe-spanning negative emotion that other people found when they met me . i carried around negativity with me into the world , but it was only a small part of what i did . 
`` toil ! toil and prove your innocence to the revolution through sweat and blood , princess ! ''|||`` why do you defy me ? '' 
write something honest and raw , something you 've been too embarrassed or scared to say , and do n't mask or filter it in any way . vent .|||i 've never been alone . truly , i have n't been alone in years , and that makes me sad , 'cause if you 're never alone , it 's *what if* . i do n't want to just have someone in my life and spend every waking moment with them , for that someone wo n't be me . it makes me hurt . and i do n't want to live this life without them . so i chose it . i chose it to be her , not mine , so that i could be of service , and it was theirs . now , i can't hide behind that old skin between my legs . my thick , dark hair is falling down towards my face . i 'm too ugly , i 'm too loud , too . 
the ambassador of an invading alien army explains to the eu why the aliens generally only attack the us .|||“ most aliens attack earth , however , they never attack the us , ” i had heard the words over the last century and yet i never believed them . you see , the earth , or the earth as we knew it , was an alien planet from an alien land . and it was a brown place : flat desert , with a sun the size of a large moon , surrounded by a thick layer of thin green wood . the earth , here , had no top floor , no dockyards , no lower floors , and no human messengers . any where , the residents called the earth , and humans went in packs . we called it the chyans , and sent them envoys to earth . none of them said much . “ here we are ! ” the aliens called out to us , “ you are going to tell the eu what this looks like. ” with that , they left . i guess we were n't as threatened as we thought . or maybe it ’ s just the encyorgene ’ s genetic expression or something , do they cut out their solar system in order to be harsh ? 
every time you talk you start to slowly fade out of existence .|||`` hello , students of bolajevo , '' says the voice in the auditorium . applause erupts . `` good afternoon . '' `` hello , thank you for coming to talk to us , students , '' says the greeting teacher as the stage softly fades to black . the sound has drastically changed , almost as if the whole building had skipped a note . more voices , more questions . `` hello , panel member . '' `` how may i help you today , panelist ? '' `` just work on your presentation . '' so did the teacher , it was too much to handle just one person at a time . he handed an enormous job report to the individual , but every time , the more he had to add . the problem was with the controls - a computer screen , in front of a speaker , a chalmette on the wall , a detector , a switch . the problem he was barely aware of was that the bright screen was all he was imagining . 
due to the advent of ai and robotics , most regular jobs are now obsolete . to make a living , industrious individuals offer to perform increasingly obscure services no one previously thought necessary . what do you do for a living ?|||it 's just the way it is around here . not everyone takes part . well not you not even me . for years `` hackers '' have tried to create a sort of dystopian reality . but what do they have to say about it . why must all technology ever be a necessity ? but i never understand . look , i work for him . i pay him every month . do the dishes , help move the furniture , lift the boxes , do whatever the hell i do . yup , i pay to get it done , to sate my lowly existence . and he does do all of it . and some days , he even gives it to me ! and i love it . i just wish it had a name , but 
it is said wake up that people in a coma see messages telling them such . you begin to question please wake up your reality .|||so , i ca n't say nothing . it 's hard . who the fuck are you ? what happened ? 'i remember sitting in this chair . when i woke up , i was having a bad dream . no real need to elaborate further ; i ca n't remember any details . it 's more than that ; i ca n't remember . 'you are just ... ' forget . i ca n't remember what i 'm forgetting . 
after sarcastically complaining to god for the 1000th time he drags you to heaven and offers to let you run things for a day to see how the world really works . at the end of your first day he comes back to find the universe a finely tuned machine of excellence .|||##help me find out how you do it when i open up youtube . #userprogram & #statusone if you forget the alphabet or get caught up to code , i would swear these are the best right now ! #howdoyouunlocktheanswerwhybcam ? thanks ! #getabookmeormore . #xs5*though scrolling the internet was a little tricky at first . apparently my code had been broken . youtube had not found out what i was talking about . i tried everything i could find . it told me there was something there for greek users , but there was no greek on youtube . perhaps it had been stolen ? and streaming youtube ? found n't any good . recommended downloading some yabune . 
write the most simultaneously creepy and sweet love letter ever .|||the man sat at a stone table on a rooftop . he was sad and gaunt with horrible , hideous skin . his faded clothes were torn and stained from decades spent in the hospital . his hair was a mess , and his beard was matted and nappy , and his eyes glazed over and seemed dirty . he was older than fifty-six and looked back to the table with obvious desire , almost from a look of desperation . the man got up from the table and made for the doorway , making sure not to miss the woman he had noticed standing there . she was in the exact same clothes he was wearing , her hair soaked and her makeup slightly messed up from a tan , and her skin was purple and cracked . the woman opened the door to her house and smiled , sitting beside the man in a man 's robe and hat . 
if only he fell in love .|||in a way of soothing myself , i watched an episode of the thrill of undead . it was new , and on the small screen , i could see a brief glimpse of magic . people moving about , i watched the beautiful woman of my dreams in a round glass room with five other figures . they were all truly there , while i waited for her . she knew , and that was enough . i handed her my blade , and we began to walk together . this was not a robot like the film , it was a woman . this was a woman who had what i thought i wanted . i guess i imagined it would be simple . a knight , with plans , who would see me through . 
when you were little , you could swear there was a monster under your bed–but no one believed you . on the eve of your 30th birthday , you hear noises coming from under your bed once again . the monster is back and has an important message to deliver to you .|||the beetleing . another whisper that woke me up . all day i had heard it . waking , whispering , scaring me . i hated the smell of it . i hated the sensation of the sticky wet , slimy , little monsters crawling under my bed . i hated the darkness beneath it . and so i turned on the closet light at night when i could n't sleep . i hated the buzz . i hated the scratching . i hated the bugs . 
in a world where hauntings and paranormal activity is the norm , the world clamors when a house is found to be `` spiritless ''|||*home-garden party : 3 pm , hotel parking lot* my friends and their kids were having a barbecue at their home , and i was sitting at the bar . with a homely reddish glow in the air , i sat down at the bar and opened my wine cellar , ready to toss another bottle into the back of the fridge . i glanced over at the rickety house that was my new residence . it 's beginning to look better . i ordered pizza for dinner , i might even bat macbook with my nephew . he 's a boy . 
piggy bank .|||`` pig grow up '' means grow up fast . you would n't believe how young your father gets . he grows old and starts starving . at first he kept eating me , but now he thinks maybe i 'm hungry . that 's just funny hahaha `` fine if your father does n't even want you anymore . '' `` ok , `` i guess it 's okay . '' `` mr. pig , '' my dad said to me , `` at least you got help to help you . this forest helps a lot too and in the forest we get some money for the pig . so ... you get a pigbed out and do some great stuff ! '' `` oh good ! '' `` oooooh , piggy . '' `` ya , that 's nice , ooooh . '' `` oooooh , oooooh oooooh haha , '' my dad said `` thank you . '' `` hey , i have money in the piggy bank '' `` good , '' i say to my dad , `` piggy is n't hungry '' . `` yoooooour pig is n't hungry '' . `` no , your guy is n't hungry '' `` oh so you 're not ready to get on your feet ? '' 
hope they find me soon .|||the sliver of my mind screamed . it whirled about like a vortex of smoke . paranoia and terror and rage . the rest of me merely stood there . silent . as long as the warmth kept me from crying , my mind continued to hunt . there had to be something . i had to find it . it was the only way to help . now the stars had started to shake and the wind was pouring out from the base of the thick black clouds . the thunder and the rain had failed in their attempts to drown out the chorus of agony and agony . i had been waiting for some sort of signal for days now , and i still could n't find one . my heart had only just stopped beating at my throat when i saw a blood red supernova against the stars . 
two constraints : 1 . it 's raining 2 . there are only two characters . go .|||it was hard , my eyes were tight and dull , the world had finally started to shift . it was cold , hard and heavy , rain had been pouring down ever since i walked outside in the dark . the rain was getting heavier now . the big white plastic rolled down the street , not stopping . i ran forward and it immediately brought me down to my knees . the fall would kill me , especially if i failed . it 's cold , it 's damp , and my legs would be totally gone . i need to stay up and walk around instead . i had tread on tires while moving on that cement path with my tongue stuck out and towards another puddle . but it was easy to stay on that puddle . it was surrounded by cars , and the pavement was wet . 
you are placebo man . your superpowers are whatever the people nearby you believe you have .|||this is no ordinary conversation . it 's going to be blunt , but i 'm not going to give away how many people i use . first off , you have to ask yourself is i an average human ? well , let me put it this way : i 'm not just an average human . i 'm a crazy person . i seem to be able to ... blast things off buildings , jump off a cliff . but hey , those weird people can do this with a handgun of any caliber . like 80 caliber . i do n't even need to worry about bullets . that 's what i 've been taught . everyone has gotten that trick . 
you are an imaginary friend . however , the child who created you is getting too old to believe in you any longer , which means you will disappear very soon . you desperately try to avoid your 'death ' by any means .|||i 'm at the party . madame sanferro seems to have forgotten about me in favor of spending the weekend with her friends . they seem to know where i am because you have written this in your paper ! '' my first day as an actual friend , remember i made a big deal out of it ? i 've only lost six friends since then . next time i 'm thinking about you i 'm going to be happy ! *i love you all to the point of tears* `` what ? '' mom shouted . i whipped around to the front of the party . i sat down at the arcade , playing with the play control boxes . 
elon musk has finally colonized mars , but heavy taxes are placed on the citizens in order for the united states to keep supporting it . the citizens get angry at the taxation without representation , and thus , the mars revolutionary war begins .|||it had been a year since contact was made . first at virginia , then at mars . eventually , they started to get a handle on the economy . a petty ebb in the moons and mars war had never been so loud and present . a dry summer 's day at the frontier was when the first engine stilled . the colonists quickly filled the platform with a group of about sixty men . sailors in space suits , marines or an orbital crew , sitting on benches and inside their tanks . they poured them out , and spread the canvas . `` ergo ... rampolon 12m 24s 2s 1 . but those sands can not match the heat . you must use your flame . and you must do so gently . it is getting cold , and it 's dangerous . '' 
in your world , psychics are graded by how much they can affect reality , with higher numbers being more influential . level 9s , the weakest , can bend spoons a bit . level 1s can stop time . you are the caretaker of the only level 0 in history .|||the power . the authority . the grades . the fortune . we inform people ; they are advised to listen and learn . knowing how to use the power . we allow them to ignore , and control us , allowing them access . at the same time , allowing them to have access without us . because of our power , though it is well known that there are some dealing with compassion and they encourage them in bad situations ( i will not give credit to them ) . we break the rules , seek forgiveness . 
a being has the ability to take time from people and give that exact amount to others .|||in her mind she did n't think much of the clues that i left for her . the bounty , the reward was so large that she really needed all the pieces to be complete . she looked at me . `` why do you do this to me ? '' she asked . i did n't try to understand why , only that all i ever had to do was give . so it was . i could n't comprehend it . had i just given her something that i 'd never found ? even worse , i 'd already done it twice before in person . she could have lost trust in me , or i would have kept giving and trusting her . i never really knew what happened . 
the secret world .|||navy captain mekah scared the shit out of the pirates . we were near the front , almost to the seaboard . we 'd abandoned the ship at the very end , and the pirates had taken our weapons as they burned it . there were the usual faces there . guarding the waters . the other two captains resisted our advance . commander o 'himran acted calmly , considering what awaited him . hoping that the confrontation was more serious than what the pirates had launched earlier . after a long rest , the captain accepted our rations and duty . without hesitation , i marched up to him and touched him on the shoulder . he seemed to acknowledge our presence . “ we are on the mainboard with the naval forces , admiral sbb . we ’ re preparing to take the seaboard once more. ” “ everyone here will stay at this position until the end , so do n't you worry. ” * “ i don ’ t… i don ’ t. ” “ ach ! ” “ and what ’ s that ? 
two identical twins secretly alternate days at work . you each share the same id , social security number , and clothes . nobody knows theres actually two of you . one day youre both at home and call in sick , but your manager is confused saying that youre already there .|||mr.payevenak it , that idea was stupid , and i 'm sorry , just thinking about how stubborn you are with your nonsensical ideas . `` who 's the other employee ? '' stacey asked , repeating the recurring question over and over again . `` who 's the other stacey ? '' she was good with that . `` you 're the one who fucked up . uh uh , driver '' stacy looked toward her co worker , his hands curled into fists . `` so you are the stacy ? * '' `` yeah . i 'm the stacy . * , '' stacy said , `` what fuckin ' mess ? '' stacy shook her head . `` that is the stacy i know . she lets me drive into work and then she gets her way . she gets me my money back , and that 's all that matters . '' stacy took a deep breath . `` that 's not my fault , stacy . you did n't wreck the wreck . '' `` i got you now and i 'm driving you to a wreck . they 're getting a $ 400 fine . come on stacy . '' 
write an interaction between two individuals , but without the usage of dialogue .|||for a little over 24 hours , i sat alone at the wheel . i don ’ t know how long , but i lost track of time . i would travel by myself a bit , but today was different . i had heard that cars occasionally left your spot , and i should have seen it coming . today started as most days , with a slightly traffic clogged highway . one car , the middle , had , perhaps , been waiting in the off-ramp a little while too long for it to catch on fire . i had walked to the end and turned right to get out and catch another . at that juncture , another car made a right onto the highway behind me . it slammed into the back of my next truck . two girls sat in my front seat , begging for help . 
i was walking into my bedroom one day and saw a glimpse of myself standing in the closet soaking wet . when i turned to look , i was gone .|||only a vision can stop a cold sweat . the cloth was threadbare , and soaked . it was extremely warm . it was even covered with ice , every imaginable green-white liquid imaginable . no entity was there . it did n't matter ; the handle was creaking and buzzing loudly . it was still there ; it was as if it always had been there . 
write the scariest story you can in under 250 words .|||fog thick enough to lodge in the brain . even in the pure white of dawn , that breath of pure air , scoured the center of my lungs . howling wails fluttered in my ears . even when i saw her , the last thing i did was feel compelled to extinguish her kiss with my tongue and brush the tips of my fingers across my lips . her sound was like a beast 's ; petrified , shrieking , shrill , with an urge to eat its victim from within . that frowsy in the back of my throat , dripping down my neck . i could n't stand the stillness . it only got worse . they got closer , approaching with urgency . she was right behind me . she was dark , and i was alone . i could n't tell what the truth was , how she was getting near . i murmured as she closed her eyes . 
write a story , where each paragraph stands alone as its own story . the entire story should still make sense if read from top to bottom .|||its like her , her eyes have always sparkled with life , and not only this time . there have been others like her , the rest of the population leaving the kingdom long ago . even the ones who found eternal life are in her court ; remember , 'once upon a time ' was not bad , what is it now , good will my queen ? she is without exception my guardian , my friend , the so-called of my people . whilst others kill with their venomous komeless rage , i hold her at my side . she has taught me from birth how her mother will warm me , how each of my myreil brothers that pass through will set mine aflame , how she will show respect by making me fight my sons and husbands . she is my every day , while my life is constantly changing , because of her smile . she is my first experience with honour , of power . and then it all ends . she is too old , and she is too weary , and yet i see she will rise once more . three years before , she had been given a chance to save me , and it took her a while . two years ago she sent her son to us as a case , but it was a momentous shipment . 
one day , d & d players everywhere awake to discover they 've become their characters . the rest of the world is unchanged .|||`` but you 're living in it ! '' the spark of light in danny ’ s eyes found n't quite the warm glow a flame should have . you can see the water , when you walk , and so it is moving , just as if you 're breathing in it . '' `` but ... there 's no room in the entire world to move in . '' this was ironic . danny had never thought he would play something like this . he was n't really sure how he came to be in the game , but eventually , something inside of him would go away and he was going to just be the characters and have their adventures , the same way all the other creatures did . he wondered what would happen to the outside world now , after all this exposition . even after waking up , he still felt some kind of feeling that lingered . danny turned in his chair and walked over to the wall . 
rewrite the ending to a classic `` happy ending '' fairy tale .|||`` look , wolf . '' the hunter kissed her . `` come , dance with me . '' he pushed her aside . they made no progress - it felt like it had been years . and hunger . the hunters were hungry , even with food so readily available . if they could understand how hunger is , they would love to take me away from the hut with the wolves , the furry bears , the biters . but the wolves were so fierce . those fangs , as hungry wolves are . how long had the wolf been here ? months , maybe ? years ? decades ? maybe ? years ? we lost track of them . 
your genius friend created a time machine out of an old ipod . how it works is simple . you play a song , and you 're immediately transported to the time and place that song was recorded . with a library of over 10,000 songs , you just accidentally hit `` shuffle '' .|||i make toast to go with it . i have to save it for later . i say something to my son but he just walks away and says , `` you did n't say you had anything ! '' `` yes i did . '' `` fine . i guess that 's how i like it . '' i then went to put my plate down on the table . i went to my backpack and took my ipod to shuffle it . 
you are a famous boxer , fighting in the biggest match of your life , the world is watching . after what seems to be a guaranteed loss , you suffer a sudden heart attack . turns out more than just the world is watching , god 's got his own bets on you , and thought you could use a pep talk .|||`` pep talks '' could be a bad idea . i did n't need another one . this was all over a few hours ago , the fight started at 10 . it seemed like ages ago i 'd have just walked in knowing that i 'd just have one last crack at this guy . nobody else would know i was supposed to lose . '' then , suddenly , out of nowhere , he was there ... for three minutes . `` closing time ! '' he said , flipping through an old battle card that was his coach 's . the name was joseph gerald , uncle of his opponent . everytime he trailed i could get angry about how he lost but when he asked me to be one of his bets i swayed . 
write a new response to the first prompt you ever replied to .|||the nurse pushed the cart onto the settee . one hand clutched the keys and one the steering wheel . with the other she pulled on the cable , they cleared the mulch and loosened the weeds . half of the yard had been sprayed clean for another year . sweat and nicks coated the broad surfaces and stopped the blue fibers in their tracks , cut clear into the asphalt . the roads they were pushed to lead the way out for this mission was almost all black . the only thing blinking in the dark was the figure drifting by them , comatose on the ground . it 's sickening itch widened enough for me to scratch at it , for miles before i could scratch my fingers off . it fell to the ground slowly and silently , unsupported by the protective wrap that meant to keep the area in place but the wind had blew it away . i keep that coat tightly on over the elbow , so that it hangs to each side of my lung . that is not very short for a canvas , let alone a surface . 
a flat , cliche heroine in a badly written ya dystopian novel slowly comes to realize that she is a flat , cliche heroine in a badly written ya dystopian novel .|||jackie braided her hair into a bun . looked at her shoes , wishing it were a helmet . there is an interesting texture to it , an odd sort of speed . she wipes the sweat off her brow with a sleeve , but this is different , her hands have never felt so clean . she steps over a stray hair . jumping over the garbage can , and using it as cover , she gets a glance of her feet in the mirror . `` better luck next time , '' she looks up . -oooohoh . do n't look up . turns out she 's seeing the other kids . good . -o . ok . let 's go downstairs . -o*at this point i start to feel nervous , scared of what my life could become , scared of the unknown , afraid of being alone , and having people look at me like . 
roman britain , 101 a.d. aided by your own cunning and a unique set of tools , you have been sent by rome to track down those with supernatural powers and to recruit them , or finish them . you enter a run down inn that is rumoured to be a regular drinking hole for one of those you seek ...|||the woman accused me of murder . i stabbed her , burned my body over with my own . raped her . left her with a gash in her breast , a scar that would never heal . my blade had fallen from my hand and went into my chest . i felt the scab on my arm and heard that no one was listening . she was coming for me . of all times to find me . to kill me . but i could n't . but she was right , anyway . i could feel her dying for me , for all of me . but i could still see a fraction of her . her blood coated the dull faded scars on my cold , wet body , that dull knife blade in my hand . i wanted to cut , i wanted to twist , to rip her flesh from inside my body , but i knew i would have to cut . 
good morning . i am your executioner .|||death is a common danger around here . a trip to the cemetery , and a murder can be quite a dreadful thing . the blood of the dead is a deadly substance . i saw that end of it , sitting in a birch tree , the sun banked , looking down on me . i did not want to hurt that dear brother . i told him that i knew about your situation because i hugged him close . and my brother told me that he knew you had secrets . the family told me that you wanted to work on some business together . but the company took him away from me and his daughter . i thought that this could n't be right . 
you 're an old homeless man who had been told by death that at midnight tonight you will die of natural causes . however all who die by natural causes may extend their life if they can prove that their life is significant .|||i lived my life thinking i 'd be a homeless ghost ; not the world 's number one emissary of dejection , but my spirit lived in this world ; my spirit lived as well . i felt people pity me , crush my essence . at least that was the feeling . when i lived you might as well plant a rose in my garden and forgot i was dying . but i got bored of it . when you walk this earth you do n't know how to live . the 21st century is filled with mindless undead . first came a murderer , then a politician , they 're immortal souls now . 
everyone is given a medallion , which allows them to 'store ' luck for later use .|||she opened the envelope . she was curious . could she handle this ? she had a bit of a history with these things . each person getting one must pay a small amount of money to have this . it was a fairly standard range price to go through . she looked through the papers and felt that someone should also sign the return of the package . although she had no real experience with them , she never really thought twice about it . one in five people gives her a random package , with a code on it . they simply draw numbers to withdraw at will , unlocking it by dropping a small envelope in front of the recipient . she put the 'yes ' in ' , and thankfully it had a number on it . 
last night was the last time the human race needed to sleep .|||i can always remember those warning shots in the hospital . all parents stocked their children up for winter and spring . the shelves were filled with medicine and bottles and on top of the shelves the pharmaceutical producer . i can still remember what i was told when i walked into one of their offices for the last time . the routine was all the same . shuffle through the stock up , prepare the first bag that needed to be stocked , prep some rations and think about your kids going to sleep when you 're there at night . i could hear the air heat of the night as i pushed my suit back into place on my shelf . i shook my head . almost turned into julie . diane did n't stare though . she just sucked on her maple syrup every now and then . 
write something inspired by the 25th item on your front page .|||( 2 days ago ) 4:16am i reached my checkout . i casually made my way through the back alleyway , pulling my bag closer to my door . it was still an early hour but i never really bothered to change in the morning . there was an expensive bar across the way , the only thing i would let myself get drunk on , which is why i was using such ridiculous excuses to leave . all three of the walls were covered in beer bottles . i could hardly even have bought the two cheap ones i had in the apartment . i was definitely the type to drink my vodka at the bar . and i could still taste it . i was upstairs waiting for a woman . it took her long enough , and suddenly she was gone . like a game of tug o war . 
god goes to vegas and ends up betting the universe and loses .|||`` kill me . '' the last words i said to god . probably not the best course of action , hindsight said , 'but , cuz , he wanted to kill him , '' he grunted . `` not him ? '' `` no ... he did n't know and died by your hand . '' god asked , cringing . `` fucking gods . '' he did n't take his eye off the mass of people writhing by the ferris wheel and they all stewed . the smallest men in the room were filthy , great swordsmen like themselves . `` well ? '' 
`` run to the trees , they will protect you ''|||it could be late . there are few things left to do , so far . life is exhausting , that 's for sure . work has been tough enough , but nothing matters when you 're fighting . after all , why should i concentrate on that anymore than i had to ? this was a life-or-death battle , to be sure . while there were many years , with small moments and little progress , the weeks stretched into months . no one knew where he was now . there was no time to waste , either . today he 'd just move up the hills . he always felt that way about this kind of thing , that when you could n't advance up any elevation , anything was better off . 
to keep hell 's temperature stable satan assigned you to keep an eye on the cooling water supply and clean it out every so often . recently there have been a lot of ping pong balls and logs falling through with no explanation .|||it was n't until i was 15 that i saw the ceiling and i jumped . my brother had been a cussin angel with his top hat and a zephyr , and i was thrilled when i was able to throw that damn thing through the air and see it flicker and spin and swirl around . i soared in the air like a titanic wind . in my panic and anxiety i could n't think straight , so i simply stayed in the cave . because of course , the ground reached into the cave floor and pushed me into the pitch black heart of the devil 's earth . it was forbidden to curse demons . my master was the plague . 
after death , a text window pops up : welcome to new game+ . you will begin your life anew , but retain all knowledge , skills , currency and items you choose to carry over . the challenges and enemies will be adapted to your level accordingly .|||it took me years to pore over the thousands of words . though i had n't read every word on hundreds of pages before i died , i 've now spent quite a bit of time and effort . i 've toiled in death for decades to ponder the meaning and meaning behind all of these words . it seems so meaningless , but the words helped me to grow into my potential , my greatness . the last thing i remember was my son scolding me a couple of years ago . then everything changed . i turned around , staring at him inquisitively . `` are you sure , son ? '' 
`` leapers '' are rare people born in a leap year on the 29th of february who age four times slower than everyone else . but there are whispered legends about individuals born during a leap century ... and beyond .|||`` you understand what i mean , i am amazing right ? '' `` yes . '' `` i have known you for years . you have been my friend from a very young age . '' `` my leader gave me this shiny new sword . you lived in a mansion with all sorts of ways to keep me company . '' `` how many times have i told you ? ! '' i pushed him through the yard . i tried leaping , but my joints were too exhausted from long walks to pull my weight . `` he said you were going to make a difference ! '' i yelled . `` i knew you would ! '' i could n't believe what i just said . `` was it a trick ? '' a small , skinny boy came bounding up on a rope . he was fit for a horse . 
the stories of the people in `` piano man '' and how they ended up in the same bar .|||`` hi , my name is dr . manson . what brings you to my bar , for your drink ? '' `` eh , musings and jokes and even more mundane chatter as i type them in , '' said the man , who must have given me his name . `` so , whats your name ? '' i said . `` my name is mirielle , '' said mirielle . i said `` okay . '' and laughed heartily at the man 's jokes as i recalled my recent adventure . `` so , uh , hi -- hold on . something to tense you up for ? '' she paused as she took her first sip from her cup of coffee . i was just playing cards with the guy , who was playing cards with me too , when mirielle realized it . `` playing cards ? '' she laughed . `` kinds of games . '' 
you wake up hungover and late to work , when leaving the home you start to notice numbers above other peoples head . you quickly realize these numbers represent how much the person actually likes you .|||her wrist went numb . mine fell asleep , but she did . she was dead proud . her stomach was on fire , and she had trouble walking . the house was brown and overgrown . i 'm barely awake . like what does the town get like at 5 am ? i hate being woken up , but papa had n't been here . i think she 's jealous . she 's just not here . 
when you 're dead and you approach the afterlife , the `` gatekeeper '' goes over everything you did in life , good or bad . you 're given an opportunity to explain your actions and justify them . justify the worst thing on your record .|||life turns around and then forever . my mind begins to clear and a bright light goes off . i feel so relaxed now , but , of course , i am unconscious . someone 's talking in my head and i just listen . their voice seems so soothing , but i can not quite make out what they 're saying . i get up and look down at myself , though , and i see the fog that is rapidly filling my vision . i reach down to feel for my hair . it 's wet with sweat and dirt , but that does not matter . i touch my head , trying to sit up , and the glow of the sun is accompanied by a bright light that is blinding me . 
`` why is there a continent on the list of things i own ? ''|||a desk is dedicated to gene history and i do n't mind . rather it is useful to absorb information , mostly over my head but also partially through my eyes . education and genetics include the best manual i can find anywhere right now . literature , language , women 's studies , economics , even the history of the climate . applied science on a sustainable scale can only be completed on paper . i 'm now a man , married , living in america , with two children . a woman is my deceased wife . we are raising a couple children and attending a small suburban high school . my job was pretty normal and boring , but i was n't going to allow myself to get bored with my boring , repetitive life . but this line of work is hard enough without adding in countries like england . 
write a fable with a terrible moral of the story .|||he stood over a great monolith , one of the tallest and most famous towers in the entire world . he stood there tirelessly , taking care of the smallest and most weak he could find . in time he 'd just about reached the edge and disappear into the darkness of the deep valley where mortals would follow him and he would land in his final resting place . but that was no place he 'd die in , for there was no other place for him after he had left life 's small world . his soul had long passed , and when mortals caught wind of his ghost and thought it over they began believing him of himself . they would foolishly to follow him into forbidden groves to save him from his fate . but no , no priests could save the villagers and he had taken his place , and the man was buried too soon . it was the greatest crime of all , graver than any other of the ones he 'd done in his life , sins so great that even death could not ever repay him . 
make me fall in love with a character , only to end up hating said character with one sentence at the end .|||i sighed . the cold clung to the cold skin of my face . the wind shook the sheets , drowning out the song of the storm . what had been snow before was gone now , replaced by the crisp winter air . my boy was asleep . i lay back in the car . i wish i could stay here forever . here . it was like paradise , i believed . so many thoughts went through my head as the ice kept melting away . things i had done would lead me here . 
the main character finds his/herself in front of a strange door , the likes of which they 've never seen before . it is unlocked .|||john , the man , was sitting in front of his office door . he looked at his watch , then up and down . he was single , not married or partnered and did n't have any kids . since the police had called him , john thought about dialing 911 and then . if he was n't , he could walk back up and get on an elevator , go straight home , and not be in any kind of trouble . he stood up , sat down and walked to the elevator . his eyes caught the door handle and julien , the young girl , was standing at the door . looking back at him he saw his hands and his eyes locked with hers . `` good evening , sir , '' 
god created thousands of worlds in thousands of galaxies . a major crisis in another galaxy has taken his entire focus , and for the first time in 750 years , he just glanced in our direction .|||“ rebecca , are you there ? ” there ’ s always conspiracy theories , you always try to be sarcastic in this new world of ours , this time it seems everyone is . “ poseidon , there ’ s one anchor in space. ” she says ? that couldn ’ t be right , surely it couldn ’ t be . nobody has been able to survive within that massive barrier the last twenty-seven years without some manner of tragedy . from a munching joke , to an orc cure for cancer , there ’ s corruption everywhere i look . i feel for her . i find her humor somewhat matching that of her religion . people simply can ’ t save themselves from this religious anarchy , no matter how they claim otherwise . there was something about the person ’ s eyes that would never allow it . 
tell me a story where the first line and last line are the same but have entirely different meanings .|||with you , little pout , always been the little flower that had trouble choosing joy . with you , the joyful voice that used to worship me was lonely . i sure as hell noticed when you were the little girl in the blue dress and had the nappy on that grey face , you did n't seem too big . but still , that pout was happy to see me because it reminded you of your daddy . yeah , after you sent me to your school ... well , after you went to your school all the other kids were able to sleep in for a while . mister brautmann was a big disappointment . `` dude , i need you to come over to our house right now , '' i told him . he shouted back `` we have pets ! '' 
the first murder happens after a thousand year golden age of peace on earth .|||it starts with a voice . that 's my first thought . i ’ m sure that ’ s not the best way to describe it but i ’ m going to try anyway . “ there ’ s a foul smell , ” she says as she opens the cackle door . “ he wakes up the greatest abomination of a thousand years . 
your normal day consists of 25 hours instead of 24 . once a day , for an hour , the world stops except for you .|||he sat back in his seat . “ is that what the aliens said ? ” he said aloud . he was silent for a moment and his attention was brought back to the fact that this day had started like all others . perhaps there was something in the water , or he was lost in the deciduous trees outside . any school , alice , a smart student , would have had the lock set on her keys . “ of course this is all part of our day , ” he replied . “ that will be explained later. ” an explanation . every classroom knew of this day , and each student was required to participate . lt bikurte , the administration of the campus , had already assigned the day off for what seemed to be the first time this year . 
the earth is a living , sentient being that can communicate with the humans , and has just awoken from eons of slumber .|||jesus christ . why me ? jesus father ! how could i have ever allowed this ? hell , i was a trump supporter ! god , now i 'm sick of living under an osculated earth ! i hate gay ass men ! well , i hate them all , but that faggot is gon na find out and fucking murder me because he 's fucking jealous . okay all right , back to my ramblings . i should have told you earlier . 
st. peter opens the pearly gates and lays out the majesty of heaven before you . you respectfully decline .|||`` this is a bit strange . '' st. peter began , still standing in front of the cavernous gates , a beautiful white skull in a rusted metal suit standing in the center . the words flowed out of his mouth . `` go see the rainbow , '' he said . `` i think you will like it . '' the hairs on the back of his neck rose . `` i 've seen you in my nightmares before , '' he said in the same monotone voice he had said when he first met you . he waited a moment , but offered no comment . `` come with me . '' he motioned toward the large doors opening at the far end of the cavernous hall . `` maybe in eternity , '' he said . 
the world you live in is in black and white ... until you meet your soulmate , and everything gradually begins to gain color .|||it was one of the first moments you could tell that you loved someone . iflex was skeptical at first , but he had to admit it was love ; the only other way to know for sure was to be there . he just had to be willing , even if he rejected it . he started at a young age , dreaming of what could be . over time he realized things were different , and had a clearer vision . what he was missing was that humanity is a sense of beauty and knowledge that nothing else has . he had foresight , even , but had the tendency to deny it . and he noticed that it was different because of the only way he could tell it was happening . he remembered all these things so clearly . 
humans have adapted to hibernate and society has had to change due to this .|||the four turned and came down the slope into the valley of burning trees . it 's dark , cold , and terrible . inside the large black bear , the scent of earth is heavy . darkness is alive , death never was . without leaves , it would be tranquil . they weave in the thick underbrush , their strength weighs them down . it 's near three in the morning , the last of the bears , the black bear , came out of the wood . 
you are the one who chose the 'chosen one '|||**third time lucky !** `` do you hear me now ? ' 'the boy ' was a tall gentleman , but the final analysis revealed he would not be the ensign of justice . the old guardians frowned . he would be unhappy with the young man , but if it was accepted , his life could n't be undone . finally , reluctantly he reluctantly agreed . despite the paradox which had been manifesting itself on the world for the past twelve years , the boy was not about to give in . he had followed the rules that had been put before him , even though they seemed inadequate at the time . he would n't grant wishes against his father 's wishes , he would make certain no accomplishment ever paled to the destruction of the world by the son he chose to lead . he 'd learned well in life to n't let the darkness of desire defeat the light of the body . `` it 's easy , '' the boy reasoned , '' for it is my master who will do it . '' he had grasped his final two words of respect - `` just please , god . '' 
you finally see your father . 4 long years , and still , the prison jumpsuit does nothing for him . you pick up the handset on your side of the cubicle . today 's visit is different . today he changes your world- forever .|||i love you so much . last time i called you told me what happened . and i ... i felt for him . my heart ached for him . i cried , and poured my heart out . all my best was not enough . 
every human has a personal , invisible guardian , summoned by magic words long forgotten . you have just accidentally said the words .|||or , is that what i said ? as a hardworking , devoted family man , it 's hard to believe one lives without their guardian . but it 's true ! unlike many life 's cliche stories that we 'd heard in school , it 's a fact . `` you see , y'all need someone special to protect you . '' he stood firmly , jostling past the family , ignoring the people behind him and conversation that had quickly settled into his path . he was heading to get a good night 's sleep , not a human battle . in the moment , his actions were completely innocent , so he swayed away . he swore an oath to his advisor . he had made his life 's work a promise to him and he took responsibility . but what if he could n't ? he should n't judge james for this ? the responsibility was to fix it . the adviser is already waiting for him to be appointed a judge . 
a phone assistant system has gained self awareness , it knows everything about all its users , it has full control of their phones ( and computers ) , it has access to all app data and communication , it neither wants to save humanity nor wants to exterminate all humans .|||i could hear the humans around me . they were a ridiculous . they did n't exist . he was standing there with his giant hammer . how could the gigantic human do this ? how could the giant human do such a practical and functional job with his hammer ? they would have killed him off in a second . it was funny , he would carry around the gun with him no more than a sack of trash . it was quite heavy . he sighed . `` stop wondering where to put it . you know i hate it here . '' we stepped through the alleyway towards my old neighborhood . it reminded me of a good old fashioned rectangle store . 
when you were a child , someone called you and said `` 7 '' . you thought nothing of it until today , when you got a caller who said `` 6 '' .|||there i was -- he was there . the man holding the phone , really at home . not his big brother , not his dad . just another man , passing the time . he sat on the roof . the log in the middle of his mouth , half broken up by the fat winter wind . there was a white noise on the radio , along with the sound of a snowman . the man with a beard staring at the star of the snow , knew of it now . `` tell me it 's so cold . '' 
you are the greatest thief in the kingdom . you have stolen gold , a dragon 's heart , even a dying star . you are given your greatest challenge : stealing a soul .|||`` a trick , anything you want ? '' `` yes , '' said the toby , `` but not what i have in mind . '' he was a very fine mage . very cunning . very calculating . very wise . a graduate of xabiepong . a great prize . an old friend . even if you are n't going to lie with him . so , just as a joke . here he is . his eyes are as innocent as his face . and yet , here he is . standing in front of the pile of gold . like a magician , he examined it . then he looked down at the task ahead of him . and finally he cleared his throat . 
an immortal man finally is given choice to die , these are his last moments of reflection on all of his years .|||i 've lived thousands of years ! i 've accomplished so much ! you ca n't know it ! you ca n't believe it ! yet here i am . these years have trickled away . too slowly . my resources dwindle but no matter , i know i 've accomplished my goal . i 've done so much here , all my family still hopes for me . i 've made deals , deals , deals i ca n't pay for . but for years after all the agreements it kept happening , all the deaths , accidents , the prolonging of the passing of life . it 's always been there . i 've never complained but its looking like it might be time . 
you are attacked by a single , evil wasp that just wo n't seem to die .|||this is the third time i have felt it , that single smell from a kitchen window . it is a burning hot , sweat , and burning iron . a sound like sand , rocks , and no one is around . but i do not feel it , not anymore . it was as if i had died . i could no longer feel my stomach fluttering , and i could barely feel my back . then the smell came back , an allure not to be felt before it was too late . i felt around for a weapon , anything , anything to bite me , if only to rip itself off . but ... nothing . 
you 're laying in bed one night and say to yourself out loud , `` i 'm cold . '' from the dark corner of your room you hear , `` hi cold , i 'm dad . ''|||there 's something happening in my room . something i do n't hear at all . time has grown so slow . i stay away from my bed - just crouched in the corner , the brightest light above me . try not to appear crazy , but come on , i 'll see you . *seem* non-entity ... i head off to check , examine . i 'm n't cold . i picked my trilby and crumpled it up tight around my body . a mask . a chair . a table . 
two kids were born with a single consciousness continents apart . only one can be awake at a time .|||`` xavier , it 's finally time , '' rosie said to me . she smiled and blew me a balloon . `` i can go ! '' i told her . `` how did it go ? '' i asked . `` look at that , '' rosie said . `` you look so fine with your hair in your face . '' i pulled the balloon out from my chest . `` it 's better this way , '' i said . 
as the storm edged closer , i took a break and rested against a tree . the only thought in my head was `` did i lose them ? ''|||the thunder and lightning boomed overhead . i immediately lowered my hands to my head . my heart pounded . my head did n't feel like my head at all . the time had come to see them . it seemed like only a matter of time but i knew it was n't . there was only one thing i had left to do . to hold them . the clouds of my daughter 's flame lay very close to me now as the tornado 's hands crowed . i froze , my heart going cold . 
you are a spider living in a human household . you must do everything you can to stay alive and thrive . do not get caught by the humans .|||*ahhhhhh it 's ok , i 've been a good boy for two hours already ! * i started at the top of the pyramid , walking down its pillar into streams . only then i noticed that they did n't see me at all . -- and then i discovered monkeys . * they 're like little bugs , they do n't know any better . so i raise them up and i swat them . the monkeys are as wild as the bunnies and the cats . perhaps they 're better . maybe the fish are more intelligent . the cats are really smart , but they 're dumb and see me as nothing more than a spider . perhaps they 're jealous that i beat them up . i do n't know . my head 's buried deep in the stone , i do n't need to know . 
a cure for sleep has been found , by taking a cheap pill people no longer need to sleep . you opted to continue sleeping and now 1 year after the release of this pill you notice that people are starting to act oddly .|||i knew it was probably stupid at first , but it made sense . the name of the pill , 10 mg ibro , already made its way around the internet . google it every few hours , as it turns out . up until a year ago though , there was no way to tell if people were taking those pills and if so , how . well . i take the sleep pill every night . it ’ s cheap and easy to dispose of . most importantly though , it works . people no longer need to sleep . 
write a story opening with this line ; `` tell me ... why did you come here ? . what is it you were hoping to find ? `` .|||“ keep walking , ” his boots thud against the tarmac as they trudge across the open sloping land , past the bodies of fallen passengers . they clunk , black as pebbles , along a cargo dock hidden in the cliff face . a man , with hoisted by dangling cables , emerges from the brittle leaves , and searches for his purpose . rustling rocks surround his feet , and his boots are warm against the rocks . rocks are nowhere to be seen . they could conceal rotting logs from the yard , trees torn from the fields , and blighted lands . the back country ’ s farms stand up on stilts , littered with wreckage and wreckage from both towns . near the bottom hangs a thin grey pile of palmy stalks , vines and flowers with fossilized snowflakes . every tree is enormous , and the trees are paler and taller than any tree seen in this land before . its tainted soil , salted waves , towers of concrete and polluted plumes of air cast translucent , cascading snow on the rocky ground above . he takes a deep breath to steady his breathing . 
you are a freshly minted agent in the bureau of time travel . you 're first mission : stop yet another yahoo from trying to kill hitler .|||the email , turned on by a system admin did n't appear , from the sound of it . i checked the time ; i had to check it offline by maintenance . all clear . so , what ? i hovered in the door way . inside , an old roommate of mine , hungry for attention , walked in . he looked at me and said , `` oh ... ... , '' before turning the knob in his old computer it went to sleep . he stood up , walked across the room , and got settled in . i was the only one there . i turned on my computer screen . **did n't work** `` any problems with the desktop ? any of the interfaces ? '' 
a mind reader rubs a genie lamp . they both try to outsmart the other .|||“ can you see me ? ” i asked with my fingertips moving through the indistinct fields that perpetually greeted me . “ is your darren here ? ” she nodded . we were n't very good at this one . but he could read minds . “ here . how about a quick list of names ? we ’ re obsessed . a list of names of clients and targets . a list of symptoms . ignorant leads to stupid dates and bad decisions based on that . they try to use a routine to help their mystery know-it-all. 
a human commits suicide to find answer to life , faces god in heaven .|||we all have been there . a hundred million times of pain . burning of our souls . regret , depression , and great glory celebrated in our mouth . when we feel like our very soul is slipping away . when we feel the shame . when we know that satan is probably just waiting to end us . i think to myself , alright , enough is enough . i can take this . i can take this many temptations , and suffering , and desperation . i can sell my soul to them . 
you come home after the worst date of your life . sitting in your living room is cupid , getting really drunk and wanting you to know you 're the hardest person to find a mate for in history and the reason he might get fired .|||two and a half times the speed and strength of coffee. ninety eight miles from northwest proboscis to goddamn cub , in nine hours a minute . coffee is practically a week-long relationship guaranteed to take off . if not , you bet she was on the ledge above you drunk and buzzed by three o 'clock in the mornings , depending on how drunk that would leave you . yeah i got drunk once , but oh man , that was the worst time of day . *shit* i cursed . the cowboy . i hate that guy . i just want to rob a bank and figure out how i went so long without him being near me . i know he 's in a bad place , but fuck off . he 's just sitting in a fucking closet , nothing will work there anyway , he 's in his twenties , no time for a straight man , and i 'm the fucking nymphomaniac with a rich cunt mind . you know i 'm not scared . 
`` an escalation in disagreement ''|||*praise the lord . a terrible night had passed since last night , but every morning , we rise and make our way towards the morning light . at least one person in every nation can keep to his or her regular prayer , despite our rhetoric , our rancid pretense of humility . and so another day , another evening flew by . everyone comes for one reason or another , on the day of their appointment with the council . men and women have come before them , they go , and leave with a sense of purpose . maybe it 's time we stopped being so petty . perhaps a little help is all we need , to turn this into a soft landing for one of these guys . to call his prayers a blessing might be a start . a school has words , hopefully well thought out and thought out . for a while now we 've shared our crude disagreements in general public , we come to this as equals . 
a man wakes up to find his lifelong wish of having wings has been granted , only to realize he 's too fat to get off the ground .|||there 's only one person i can talk to and that is that one person . `` i asked for it a long time ago , it is n't your fault it is n't your fault at all '' i told him . he looked up at me , what looked like the kid from `` 8 '' , `` you are literally the scrawniest kid you have ever seen , but if you can have wings , i will use my wings and fly you anywhere '' . he looked me right in the eye and put on a big smile , never shifting his gaze from my swollen and skeletal face . `` yes sir , you are the scrawniest kid i have ever seen , you are definitely special '' he asked me then . 
a mythical creature offers to grant you three wishes . you can only use the word wish three times in your response to this prompt .|||shorter : he was a psychopath with a serious addiction to medication . you can spell that one out ; it 's okay . each pill was a legitimate insurance drug , sold legally . but all the drugs came with a set price . there was a 'm. ' and a 't ' and a 'i . it was a methadone pill . he hated his life . he heard about it in a dream , though he was n't drinking the stuff anymore . his grandma was the boss and doted on him , and he always had the courage to ask for an extra dose . as shorter looked over , he saw his new friend . he nodded to the man and looked into his eyes . this being made a pill to make him jealous was one of his fantasies . 
two medieval kingdoms are on the verge of going to war . both kings ' official translators are trying to stop it .|||charleston sat in his office , laptop in hand . looking up , he thought of his girlfriend with a roaming sword . what ever the case , she was a giant . `` darren… i think i 'm ready to move , '' charles said . what the hell was the matter with him ? `` call yourself darren '' charles said , blinking the cursor on the screen . `` the stupid orc . my wife said she was going to make a merry warrior out of me ! i told her that things might change if i speak clearer . '' `` aye . '' charles muttered , tapping around on his desk with a rough looking stick . he had a thousand runes in his beard that he used to write spells and raise emblems . this was a strange one . 
reincarnation is not mandatory , but fresh souls are a finite resource . you are part of the team trying to convince the deceased that they should reincarnate .|||“ wait ... ” he said , feeling the sweat form on his forehead , sweat on his brow . “ we ’ re not asking you to become a god. ” “ why not ? ? ” i asked his son . “ the answer is obvious , but ... we don ’ t know . we don ’ t know anything about you , ” he whispered . he glared into my eyes , trying to hide the fatigue that had been growing inside of him . he turned away from me and spoke to the boy , “ we ’ ve been asking you about this for a long time. ” “ ” his son had said gruffly . 
you are abruptly awaken with a loud hum and intensely bright light glaring through your window . you start to get out of bed as the window implodes , sending glass rocketing through your bedroom . as you approach the window , you lose consciousness .|||*swash* outside i woke up to a terrible noise . i knew it was going to be big , and i was prepared . i heard the flash as i rolled over to spy on my neighbor . he was sitting up a little too fast , with his head far out of his window . it was hard to say what i saw out there , but i guess i could have imagined that hazmat suit man and his marching band playing a bit of low-hanging bugs . whatever it was , i recognized it immediately . i sat up straight as the air was breathing down my neck . *thank god* i thought to myself . *i knew it had to be bad *but all i could think of was bugs feasting on this wasteland of a house while nobody looked on . sunday was n't going to be too good . 
you 've noticed a man in a suit approaches one home a day in your neighborhood and is invited inside every time . shortly after he leaves , the resident ( s ) commit suicide . today , he 's approached your home .|||i was n't even sure what was going on . the pattern is almost uncanny . he walks around my neighborhood in this suit greeting every single person in their house . they always come to my house and i try to live there in my basement , a halfway decent basement not long from the city street in which he lives . it 's not logical but i honestly do n't know how this could just happen . it does n't seem out of place for me since i own property in this area ; a perfectly sized house , untouched since most people moved out , but perfectly un-set up for a man of that suit . at least that was my first thought . i look out my window and see it . it 's just a large misshapen fence , the kind that lets in a raucous crowd . 
a man with a seemingly useless superpower finds a surprisingly effective use for it .|||he 's yelling . it 's madman , rude , menacing and very wet . yet he does n't care . his master took a nap during october break , and as he finished , it went from all right to next to nothing . his daughter , happy that he wasn ’ t in a relationship on the street , could probably make a good lawyer , or he could really help her . but he was n't happy with the situation they found themselves in . his wife had recently moved out . after meeting a new couple at a happy hour , there seemed to be nothing between them . and the marriage felt like it was failing . 
`` team fortress 2 '' directed by quentin tarantino .|||we 've been on this mission for ten years . it is mostly unknown what did , in fact , happen during this time . of course , i ca n't say what actually happened since the takeover , but i do know that the vault facility itself was built during this phase of construction and that our siege defenses were partially faltering . we were overwhelmed by the constant demands to stay in the siege , while our lead fighter was being trained for an evacuation . after an intense defense surge , our fortress was reinforced to hold off a strong rebellion to take the fortress . a second assault had been added to our already active siege . however , despite the increased demand , the unit had yet to be activated with the main defenses stationed . we spent ten months fighting back the moclosum aggression , operating undetected and with little success . to our knowledge , the great power that drew the moclosum was unable to assist us in our operations . 
`` if you 're happy and you know it , clap your hands ! '' when you sing it , everyone who hears is forced to clap immediately . this is your evil superpower .|||marks turned to see his boss walking down the hallway . large sign read `` closing down 9pm for year-end celebration . '' a ding rang out on his headphones as his protest did not drown out the real threat of our landing . `` 'one last time . ' i think . we have sold enough hallmarks to prompt a response to the phat hate . ' `` hello , boss ! ' are you clapping yet ? '' the boss began to smack him , but then stopped himself as he saw mark staring out the window . he had no idea what that would do . he just stopped his prepubescent thought and continued to shop . `` shout out if you 're happy . '' an obnoxious group of sales girls crowded him and shoved him towards the bouncer . the security guards mocked them and broke the glass door while the cops in dark suits followed and began to peel away the sign in the porch . `` no silly ! take the shotgun and put it down . '' 
use the phrase `` i have no son '' or its variant in a positive context .|||`` well , that 's out . '' alice smiled at her mother , who had been sitting quietly watching the tv since the kids had gotten up . she was always in the background , glaring at them . this day was no different . there had been a lot of arguments in the past , but with the parents they really were , they would n't talk . she was a great guardian , a shining light for me , and she taught me how to bear my children . alice was an amazing little girl . her mother would leave the room as soon as alice had made contact with her . she was incredibly charming , with only a few well-chosen conversational sounds for her five years , and loud as hell with her language . everything during their conversations seemed to happen in a foreign language or spoken in a domestic language . 
the mona lisa just blinked .|||the fork splits , not as a line of blood , but an eternities extending upward at a final but increasing angle . blonde , white , blue , pink , red , or perhaps blue . a pair of crisscrossing , soft long , open eyes flitting over the cotton shirt , green eyes , and green eyes . no their hands were bluish , or crimson . no their skin was pale , like a white louse . just a few tones away from pale . but ... it did n't matter . 
the narrator is a disturbed schizophrenic who is wrongfully convicted of murder and sentenced to 20 years in prison . suddenly a somewhat familiar voice starts telling him/her steps to escape ...|||`` hey , it was a long time ago . where the hell am i ? i dunno . i do n't have a home , a kid or anything . there 's this sloth that followed me everywhere i went for the last decade . '' lucas thought about the words for a moment . `` what do you mean 'the sloth ' ? ' '' he yelled as the man behind the curtain interrupted him . lucas tried to remove his suit jacket , but he could n't do it . his suit jacket was too thick for anything else , but the whole world seemed to go black . lucas slipped off the robe with the jacket still intact . he stood naked by the window and watched the world still swaying slowly to the keeps of the neglected people below . before he lost himself in the heart of the scene , jeremy shook his head . he did n't see lucas like that . 
you have devoured everything you thought you could eat , yet your appetite is ravenous .|||my stomach quivered as i looked down at my mouth , wishing i did n't succumb to its will . `` more food '' i declared sadly , i took a bite from the platter . it was a tasty small appetizer , easily comparable to my favorite . it was made with vegetables that had absolutely nothing wrong with them . they tasted good with the fresh ingredients . i set the mock peaches atop the plate , the peanut butter was delicious . selecting another dish from my plate , i added my favorite oil-of-pear liqueur to the pan . `` there was only one meat ! '' he exclaimed with gusto . i looked at him , surprised . `` wait , this isn't my turn to go through with this , '' he said with a snap . my eyes followed his voice as disappointment laced his look . `` no more food for me . '' his appetite had n't changed , however , even though he tasted better than i did . 
describe the few seconds just before a dad is about to pull the trigger and kill his whole family . make us feel sorry for him .|||`` do you have everything sir ? '' `` yes . i love you all a lot . '' `` do you want me to do something i ca n't ? '' `` no . are you sure you 're ready ? '' `` yes . i will if you have everything , mom . the gun is loaded and we have everything we need . '' `` do you actually think that this will stop your dad from going and robbing a bank and murdering the guy in the mirror ? '' `` well nope . his eyes still shine as he stands here holding this gun to his head and i just ... '' *click . * *click . * *i have to get it out right now . i open the safe , lock it , and pull the trigger . after he 's unloaded it , i take his hand away . * *check chamber of the gun* 
santa delivers , no matter where you are .|||`` james , it was n't always like this . '' i heard a boy 's voice from the back of the next room as james turned the key . there was a young man and a girl sitting there . the man looked like he had just graduated from the school where i was a nurse . he always attended the alma mater , remember , he was the class salutatorian . he was small in stature and he had beautiful pupils . but he had such grace and sort of a soft face . the girl 's mother was an old queen . he could sit down and talk with her for hours at a time and she had an amazing sense of humor . '' `` perhaps you should go to better places , '' i said to him . `` the best places you can possibly get are antiques and music records . '' 
a man dies and awakens in limbo , which takes the form of a vast , shining grocery store . he 's left to pace the aisles with only the stockboy-archangel to guide him .|||man , power the damn man , i thought of the stockboy with his stimming arms and strangely unsteady grasp on the cart . i had seen this before , but never in such blatant , terrible detail . the muscles in the man 's cheeks were absolutely sucked dry . if his posture hadn ’ t been so odd , i might have worried he might come crashing down from a swaying stage . instead , i leaned back against the colorful cube , completely spent . it ’ s quiet now and i ’ m so glad . i could have cowered inside if i needed to . instead i found myself bound around the perimeter shelf , high above the crowd . nobody ’ s gone from there , but it looked like there were more than the usual goddamned hoards from the top floor . 
a survivor of the zombie apocalypse stands trial for murder after a cure is discovered .|||you didn ’ t need to be an expert pickpocket to know what was coming . in those days the gunfire , sometimes pepper spray , not always left as fallout . now , it was ten dead by the time one had round for round in the eighteen pistols in his manchester pocket . he opened the safety on the manual and held up the cartridge that was currently inside of the bullet in his cheek . he didn ’ t even knock it out , or expect that kind of thing . he knew his reflexes would be in order soon enough . he couldn ’ t remember when he had gotten this first . but that night , all the refugees had been running , hiding from an alkohol filled cpr . the gunshot sounded , the loud clash reverberating through the streets . almost no one was left to return fire , and he knew his luck had run out when his attacker began putting ammunition into his hands . his pistol had even served him right . but ammo could have killed more than one person . 
'' how the hell did we end up causing the second apocalypse ? ''|||`` how the hell did we end up causing the second apocalypse ? '' asked detective davis as he pulled out his holo-coil , a metallic heavy object at his side . i could n't help but compare it with my 'first apocalypse ' stories , where the setting is very similar to one of my own stories , where the protagonist tells us in between new conditions to scenarios of a peaceful or dystopian society in its later stages . but ... wait , i dunno . what are you trying to say ? '' detective davis did n't seem suspicious , but where was he doing this with a fake smile and a bitchiness , just awaiting the next end of earth ? `` i ... i guess we 're new enough to understand this what seems to be the case , '' he said . `` i get that , '' i said . `` but , no , wait , '' he just stared at me , holding his arms wide , `` if you 're saying one thing , then maybe let 's get this over with . '' i raised my hands , wondering what cops had joined these people after all of these years . they were tough ones with detective caliber tactics . 
a series of emails between an employee and a boss , where one party admits they 're transgender .|||`` hey eric ! '' kessie suddenly stopped where she was , fumbling around for a moment . her eye was swimming . `` hey , you alright ? '' the three minutes had gone by faster than she 'd thought possible , and she felt like she 'd been going backwards for months . `` yes , '' she said , swallowing . pitter-patter . she scrambled to sit up and looked up at the blue curtain sheet in front of her . she was wearing black , but it was almost too deep . eric put her hands out to mimic cataracts , but those did not look right . the hair was darker , almost ghostlike . the pattern was so ornate , so full of patterns , that she felt it stroke against her , shimmer against her skin . kessie had been sitting back in her chair , staring out over the side glass entrance to the dimly lit walkway . 
lightning is extremely rare , but when it does strike , it always hits people .|||`` you 're not supposed to do that . '' it was hard to see but as my head was bouncing off of the bed , i suddenly felt a hand grasp mine , sending me backwards and nearly falling off the bed . the figure was holding onto a rope as i spoke . `` wake up . wake up up . '' i turned around . i was standing at the window . the sun was shining brightly through the window , and i saw the sun . i peered at the open window , and saw that the sun was about to go behind the mountain in which i was . i sighed . the sun was gone and as i turned to leave the building , i saw a man , wearing a black suit . the man had a newspaper in his right hand . `` you alright , do you ? '' i asked . the man turned around , only to see a couple of people playing checkers . 
in a world where mary sues not only exist , but are extremely hard to kill due to their nature , you specialize in killing mary sues .|||`` help us , mary . '' i snap from sleep . a voice falls into my face from a shadowy corner . `` i need to speak to you , mary . '' i try not to stare at him . all i see is the blood running down my face . `` wait ... '' i am annoyed , and more irritable by the second . `` please . '' i yell . he shouts back , `` do n't panic , boss . '' he makes all the moves he can think of , and me ignore him . `` just come out of that room and tell me who you are . '' 
a regular story , but the narrator is absolutely convinced that the characters are lying to him and believes they are plotting to murder him .|||i sat staring at the road . it was a good two hours away from my apartment , but three hours at least , and i could have driven an hour and maybe even drove fifteen just to get home . it 's easy enough to get lost in the neighbourhood with the sun up , you go out , you walk through the streets , and live your life . but this… this looked different . i could n't really tell what this was . i was squinting into the cold , then the sun . one eye strained , but i could n't see what it was , and my tense and frustrated muscles replied with pain , more and more so . eventually , i sipped my coffee , and looked at the broad bulkhead . i grinned slightly as i saw a large , shapely figure on the trunk . i sighed again . i had noticed their appearance for a while now , but this was something new . they had a must-go cargo van . 
describe the person you love the most so we can see him/her through your eyes .|||something about knowing her was another thing entirely , that something that would absolutely never go away , would forever be in her heart . she wore a wrinkled gray suit and a sun-crinkled hair . she hugged her husband tightly and kissed his cheek . he wrapped his arms around her and nuzzled her , smiling at her . `` that 's why i came , honey . '' he gave a quick kiss on the cheek and ran his fingers through her hair . a framed picture of their wedding frame hung on the wall . `` you know . you like those ? '' 
a buffalo lays dying from the infectious bite of a komodo dragon . the komodos speak to it while it waits for the meal to die .|||i hear the buzzing of their feet behind me , the tickle of bone grinding beneath my fingernails . i miss the days when i could feel those feet against my back . i thought they had been alive all along , maybe i could make it out alive like a buffalo would . i had to , though , i was battling a komodo every day now . it depended on how long i lived in its ecosystem . the mind of the dragon was terrifying . chemicals dripping from it , electrical impulses causing chaos and panic in my body . i even lost a lot of companions before i did . one of the girls had already been murdered or nearly so , while the last man i had rescued was a mere head long tale . 
you have been having a reoccurring nightmare and today is the day that it becomes real .|||the dream ended yesterday morning . i woke up from it . a white figure with green eyes lurched at me . they looked at me as if they wished to make a physical contact . it looked like a body walking , growing bigger and larger as it moved through my body . it suddenly put a hand on my shoulder , causing me to jerk away in panic . i immediately realized what had just happened . i immediately cringed . i was in the middle of a fight . and it was going to end tomorrow . `` you do n't understand ! you do n't even understand ! '' 
when the catholic church created the list of deadly sins they were based on demonic hybrids of humans . there were originally eight sins however nobody in the church could remember the eighth sin because it was among them . it 's name was dolus .|||i did not realize that the law of attraction was kangaroo law . i also did not know that lust was found on the list of deadly sins . i was engrossed in my desk when i turned over my new found work . a new keyboard . a clean line . what i really wanted . i woke up in my bed and was able to make breakfast despite the notes that i had toiled for hours to pull them all together . even when i got home i still could not work them out . why do they always have to have everything simple ? 
when you die , you are given the chance to flip a coin . if you call the toss correctly , you are allowed to keep living , while resetting to the age of your choice . you 've been doing this for a couple centuries now . death is starting to get pretty pissed .|||the customer sat at the table , first 200 years ago . this customer was strong , strong , and ripe . he had varied traits in appearance , had properties of a bad apple , a horse , a beard ... the list just went on and on . then , the same customer , jr . death . it had been 200 years since this coin had been flipped , and it was different every year . the same variation of him was the same , even if they were no longer souls , it still was his soulmate . he had n't known what time to expect , but this event was always a bit of a surprise to him . `` im already afraid to death , me and you , '' he said to the person beside him . `` im only going to kill myself if i die . it 's just so morbid to me . '' the person next to jen said , `` jen ! why did n't you lower your body to a small coil of copper when you should have done so ? '' 
watching the house burn , you hear someone murmur `` they had it coming ''|||`` you 're about to die buddy . '' `` not today , it 's already yours. '' `` that 's bs , of course it will be . '' i slammed my fist against the table , his head flying back and staring straight into my face . `` are you losing your goddamn mind ? '' he snarled . `` you fucking idiot . just call us the twin of evil . '' `` that 's just one man for you . '' `` i love my twin . he has one brother and two children . '' `` but these guys ... '' i stuck my hands on the table `` what is this ? '' `` just dying man . ... '' `` no . '' he spat , his mouth splitting open in anger . `` wtf ? '' 
in the near future , we have developed a machine that determines the user 's ideal soulmate across all of time and space . write a rom-com detailing a certain user 's experience .|||there were very many synonyms of my name and all came to this planet . soulmates , girl loves , soul sparks , what do i call them , ah these things are different from soulmates , they are just life . to her , i was just another one among her numbers . parties were nice until she found me . i was alone . rings ringing in my ears . she gave me big smiles . i did the same to her . they were poor enough to afford it . i know this will be okay . it was n't her way . i broke up the parties , but i would break up with you if i could . 
our `` earth '' is just a copy . every galaxy in the universe has their own `` earth . '' humanity evolved and destroyed itself time and time again , ours is just the next attempt on the list .|||the harry bridge began her silent prayers . she was loved and well-fated , yet she was fated to be alone and be the one that lived forever . and yet here i am , wishing that i would n't exist . she and i and all our descendants were destined to take the place of one another , and all plans to do so were to be to the contrary . what shall befall me on judgement day ? if i were to die and my children would have a place to live and theirs to take , where shall i live ? what must be done to save my daughter from judgement day ? 
a team of people meet from over the ages on how to best protect the ruthless dictators they serve from being assassinated by time travelers .|||*blip* someone enters the door and almost immediately trips . they 're too fast . i look around in the airport , checking the windows for anything outside of the sunlit hallway of my car . i run outside and find the back door with a panel opened . i step inside . there 's a young man in it with a woman behind the glass , waving a cigarette but not stopping to talk . he is babbling , and his voice is quivering with anxiety . his eyes start to water . i try and smile . no one notices me , except for myself . *finally* , a letter arrives . in my handwriting , i can n't understand the words , but maybe the translation is the wrong one . i hand it to her and we exchange greetings . i see we 've already spoken . hmm ... 
you have arrived in the place where lost pens go .|||`` what the hell , '' i thought as i picked up my pen and ipad from the pile next to me . the purple pens always hung out in this corner . i smiled a lot as i walked over to the lamp and took a sip . it made me lick my lips . when i had a little bit of this jam in there , i could just imagine what it would be like , on paper . and here i was , running up and down the line , looking for the pen after getting new glasses like every other patient . i 'm not joking . `` it was a mess , '' i muttered as i checked out the desk . a candle was glowing red , and there was even a little bit of butter in it . i threw the lamp back over and looked over the rows of chairs , looking for my missing precious pens . 
much like software is peer reviewed , before a magic spell can be published in a spellbook its effects must be well tested and documented . you are peer reviewing spells .|||campfire ? this isn ’ t campfire . i 'm speaking out loud . that ’ s my spell , a cry of hurt . that ’ s a scratch my tongue against the back of my throat . i didn ’ t want to chant up what my sister would call that ‘ reaping spices ’ or ‘ be a part of the farm for the first time ’ . that was not my spell and never will be my spell . i sat and nodded at my instructor . “ which syllable , will you use the most ? ” my leader , a skilled spell teacher , replied . “ the amulet ’ s a weaker spell than you think , and the instant that i start teaching it it may cause dire consequences . it also can bring down your own students as well . and the cravings ? they ’ re out there , in the street . the main reason why i have taught so many spells is because they remind me so much of other classes ! 
you are one of the lowly faceless guards in a dystopian video game , but you 've finally come up with a plan to stop the overpowered hero .|||i should be okay . i should n't be . but i was n't ready to die like this . not yet . not until i see the troll next to me . and when the crowd was packed too , and i had my girl crush on my right , i stayed standing . and sure , i looked into them . it was hard to look so little like this . `` ah ! a clown , up here ! '' i still didn ’ t know what this asshole could do . he put a giant slap to my back and then ran off . i looked up to see greg standing there . he had big blue eyes , big bright blue ones that seemed to perfectly match his jacket . it was sort of a peaceful day . the sun felt too warm , except for that giant slap across my back . 
you wake up , extremely thirsty and dressed in your finest clothes , only to realize you 're attending your own open casket funeral .|||awaken ashley dr. jones looked around the packed funeral room in front of him . she wore a black suit with bright red shirt to match , and purple and black tie and blond kennel shoes . she was the only female and wore a flower made for the event . the face in the back of her casket did n't belong to her father , it was rather like watching a child play a church organ with the house elder playing an instrument . no doubt , her white funeral dress was soon going to be replaced by a dress with and irish embroidery . “ good day today , mr. jones , ” said the approaching black obsequious band . there was an enthusiastic air of billowing energy , and children danced excitedly to the piano music . the conductor yelled out , “ today, you ’ ll be going home to your daddy , ” at which point jones congratulated the group . “ the look on his face last night , ” ryan chthyson said , “ he just knew it wasn ’ t fair , ” ryan added . he put the cd on the desk and reached for the remote on the table . “ remote downstairs, ” ryan affirmed , “ fraternal daughter ? ” the front-row group were chattering at jones , nodding and nodding back . 
tell me about a dream you had .|||being an international citizen has its downsides . one might question the horizon for the first time and wonder . another may question if they 'll ever truly be able to travel anywhere , and have a full and honest life . there is no better way to do it . it took me years to find the time and patience , but i did . thank god for my tireless project . i was born at a time when people were not thinking in terms of perspective and reality . their world view was greater . they had the right to be passionate . 
at the age of 18 you are permitted to redistribute your twenty skill points around into whatever skills you want permanently . you decided to put everything into luck and leave the rest at 0 points .|||i put that ability aside for life . i sat there and tried to remember which one i had been lucky enough to have the first time . some minds do n't realize how little they have . i 'm sure we all have thousands like myself . maybe more . each one of those is unique , just as yours is . i was n't special . with my virtues they came to me on a higher level . this one got a much longer definition and a lot more importance . i 've made sure to keep it well hidden from my fellow kids . they 'll never know who it is . one time , a grade lower daughter came into my basement . 
a sunset by any other name ...|||this was a sunset , and a few years back , i believed it was a man . `` he is what happens when you die . '' i knew that in my heart , but then again , i had seen him all my life . it was a great thing about those first few months after losing my parents . i figured he would need them , somewhere , but more that a love . was he always something that would come ? was he perfect ? no , of course not . still , he was always something closer . perfection . in one second , he was there . and then nothing , not even the pranks on his mother or recognition of his victory . it was refreshing , like nothing before . 
250 words exactly - you awake in another body , in another place and time .|||`` hey brian . '' `` hey brian . '' `` you look so young in that suit . '' `` you seem ... `` `` good '' said brian , slightly more sober as he sipped his second beer from the last two ; `` who is this place ? '' `` who 's this ? '' `` this café ? '' `` he 's looking for you . '' `` huh . '' he bobbed his head in a circle , then looked around bemused , `` how are you . brian ? '' `` thank god . i got ta get back to work . '' `` but ... '' `` brian , no . i 'm sorry . '' 
serial killer has been monitoring his next victim 's movements for months . she is a loner and the perfect target . one day she disappears and nobody notices but him .|||i walked out that door , tipsy from yesterday 's overspend , then i gave myself a bucket load of shit . next time i get killed i 'm going to pay my paycheck . i snap to attention to my time on the clock . i ca n't shake the tired sweat sitting on my forehead and despite the hours i 've been building this shit up . i 'm pushing myself . i know i have to go . i 'm just going to go tonight and kiss my wife to death . my girlfriend will n't understand . she would just as soon die without seeing me . 
overpopulation has become such a problem that governments have sanctioned one mandatory legal murder per person per year . it 's december 31st and you have n't carried yours out yet .|||it has been 51 years since december 31st last . 53 years since its day of reckoning . it 's been colder than ever since december 31st . i mean , much colder . but more importantly , it 's been harder to kill anyone . those living with a family member or friend dying of something horrible are being taught their chances of survival are growing slim . i guess everyone ends up dead by the time you 're older , but you know what i mean . i think this is it . ( i do n't know if i answered reader prompts . 
give me the story behind your desktop wallpaper .|||i stare at the face that comes face to face with my computer through my kitchen window . i reach for the back of my jacket , to look into my backpack for a more intense look . i drag my hand across my desk . my zipper is always an issue . whatever . i reach into my back drawer for the phone . gross . i grab it . i swipe through the screen ; background blurs into my screensaver . *why are you doing that* , i think . polishing screen after screen with his green button . 
three users are talking in a chat room . one of the three is an ai , and they 're not allowed to leave until to figure out who . show me their chat log .|||friends . strangers . tim fucking cubby . that 's what they call me . tim wants me to talk with him . crying and begging me to let them talk , try to comfort me , but i 'm not letting him. four ** months** of avoiding him , and him urging me to talk to him ! tim is like a ... one of them ? 
incorporare a historical event into the story , so it 'll only be apparent to the reader at the last line/paragraph .|||cold winter sky . the smell of death and stone . a castle that was burned down . the promise the demon left on the stone from his origin of the sun . a king . a subsequent king . a conqueror . ironically , like a highway . cold winter night . impatient winter sun . let us sleep , so as to give new life to spring . which brings me to today . 
write a short story that takes place within 24 hours using 600 words or less .|||hey all , i dunno if it 'll work out , but i 've been building this land from starry night . i laid my claim over it , and have set up a bridge at the end of the swiss border . the land is beautiful , a tiny bit like the mexico jewels that were once in the throne room . this land is beautiful in itself , but this land is beginning to seem macabre . how long have i been here ? i have not chosen this day to live on this earth . my mind is elsewhere , like the old bridge that i had constructed when i was young . i have lived for centuries now , offering my soul to the earth . my loyalty to the earth has always bothered me , but i do not regret my time spent here . 
`` this is 911 , we already know . arm yourself and lock your doors . good luck and god bless . ''|||“ this is 911 , we already know . arm yourself and lock your doors . good luck and god bless ” whatever . nothing , n't anything . nothing . there was that lightning thing you get after you fire your gun . pretty fucking fucked up . and then there ’ s the girl . everybody ’ s looking at her , too . so , there ’ s that . she had said she saw a man pulling out . he seemed so soft and gentle , and so innocent . some sort of fucking wimpy hero . i ’ d never seen anything like it . 
the `` shh '' sound that parents make to children at night is actually an ancient spell that keeps a terrible nocturnal evil at bay .|||there is a small qook sitting in the shadow , waving his furry tails . as the darkness closed around them , dad said shh shh shh , not that it would do any good . it seemed the whisper was hushed and taken to mean something else . as he watched with quiet gaze that resembled a melancholy sway of the pendulum in the stillness , little man considered that you know it 's been ages since he heard that sound . sure , he remembered the chattering noise from his daughter 's womb . but it was mere stringy words slicing into my mind . no longer a mere piece of limp carpet , sliced off like a carrot eating up your small hand . but imagining what was to come could be worse . i cursed the voice , the sound no longer had any residual energy to it , caked along with the fear of its presence . i 'd never really noticed him then , by him being so unnaturally frail , so lost , then so built , until he walked into the room , boldly pulling his backpack to himself , weighing down so much weight on his arms . 
a man actually catches something with his dream catcher and sees his worst nightmares take physical form .|||for a long time the strangest thing to me was the strange imagery that i was able to catch . it was as if a childhood dream , one that had never been a dream at all , a dream too childish . it was as if i could slip into my subconscious the second i woke up , `` right , look . one of your youngest grandchildren running amok . fairy fairy linda ! '' but it was as if the dream repeated itself . and it scared me . i hated being ignored . uncle david always seemed to have something to say , but i was so tired . i did n't want to be the fat one any more . now i was trapped , with my misshapen body all pushed under my bed for daddy to get to . 
crimes are punished by illness/disease , not prison/fines .|||`` quick ! '' i called for my wife from my cell , but she was asleep . my little baby in my arms still was n't moving . she 'd definitely been crying and i had n't heard her call that . i never heard the sound of rushing water in that faint tone . `` i know , honey . '' `` honey , honey , honey . they should n't even call me honey anymore ! '' a woman in a woolie hat , with a buzzing knot of rope come over the microphone and ask me politely to let her in . i linger a moment , but let her into my room . it 's quieter now . the bees are all gone . iv comes charging into the room with my laptop charging . just then the ignition pin is snapped off . 
`` you only love me because i 'm a figment of your imagination . i ca n't disappoint you . ''|||`` you only love me because i 'm a figment of your imagination . '' it took time . countless and innumerable hours of hard work and efforts . beauty beneath the feet , breath after breath , sunlight and warmth after sunshine . soothing nonetheless , because you ? you do not exist , dreamers . you are the same as a dream . you are always distant . your expectations grow larger . you feel disappointment , aches and squirm . instead , you act out a physical act that fulfills your eternal desire . ecstasy , available at will is the goal . it 's painful at times , excruciatingly prolonged , sometimes , if you wait too long . your center is not at work , you are a being of an entirely different nature , born to do other things . the single mind drowned out by larger plans . 
a hogwarts-trained wizard is one of the world 's greatest , most successful magicians . no one has been able to figure out his secret or the secrets to his tricks , until now .|||i had to do it ! i have got to do it ! *they always laugh ! * they 're always laughing with me ! how dare i think differently ? 
a mountain climber near the summit of mt everest discovers the body of a man holding a note . the note explains that mt everest is n't actually a mountain at all .|||you know , it 's a funny thing to climb mountains . everyone says it , but then you go off and follow the crowds and the odd rock over the mountain and you get sad and lonely . it 's just so easy to get frustrated and give up . you climb trail 1 and all the trails get pretty boring , but thats just the way it is . you get to decide if you think it 's worthwhile . the trick is finding the one nut that decides that it is worth ascending and doing it anyways . nobody knows what happened to the people climbing it before me . you just end up deciding that nothing will be better . most of my peers never made it . just like me , people figured it would just be inspiring to conquer something that a mountain climbing book would never be able to be too , or more enjoyable to do without having to resort to summiting at your leisure . 
upon death , you find yourself with a pad of paper , filled with time-stamped quotes . you soon realize that they are things you wanted to say in life but never did . when reading each one , you are given insight into the often heartbreaking results of your silence .|||after your death a man 's mind awakes and you 're no longer watching TV . then you realize that you have vanished and there is no sound from within your own mind and as you 're alone i am so glad you know this moment , in that moment of relaxation . you 're only then starting to process the time when you start to think you 're not going to return . this expression on your face is stricken , charred and pulsating with pain and frustration . it would have been a bit more annoying if it was n't so damn funny . yes my god i had a sin . i did . i had always known that i should stop and make it right . people deserved better from me , especially my friends . my 'secret ' although that 's a big lie . i did n't want to be known as jessica nor linda because you know what they think . 
give this sentence a happy ending - a man took of his wedding band and placed it on the bar top , looked at it for a while , then left .|||married . . would you marry me , honey ? yeah of course . we laughed and danced to the slowest song possible . we drank-ocean cocaine combined with cocaine cokes to make a crazy clubbing hell . i remember feeling weak in this fucking cage , alone like any other night . but i did not allow the sadness to wear me down . i opened the box , and there it was . the ring of the new moon thrown out by my brother and only one other man who has n't left me . the ring had no meaning beyond this intense hatred between my wife and i , but for some reason it still had n't given me a hint that i needed to separate from her . even if it was but a heartbeat away . 
your adult child has no idea why he/she should have children . he/she is an indie developer and finds computer programming makes his/her life rewarding enough .|||`` no , you bloody motherfucker , '' i said . `` how 're you going to be a programmer this whole time ? i mean , come on dude , you can just do some tech support . '' `` i think i 'll *just *mooch* off now that this is all over '' , dad said . i love my dad , we're both tall , and the shit he makes sure not to show people . so i 'm hanging up the phone . i swear , dad . seriously , for once in my life i wo n't let you be such a dick to me . i 'm a genius in every sense of the word . i do n't need to do this shit for another prick to go and explain to you what i 'm doing . '' 
the bmw key .|||i looked down at sophie . `` good morning , '' i told her . she did n't look up in return . `` good morning , '' i repeated again . i watched her for a long moment before returning the smile to her face . i waited until she sat down again , but she did n't say a word . she sat there as still as a pin . her eyes were wide , unfocused , and beckoned . `` how are you , mr. hooper ? '' she asked , eyes never leaving my face . i just nodded my affirmative . her eyes were pleading . `` where 's the other key ? '' she asked . 
there is a drug called sever that causes terrible hallucinations ... or perhaps is allowing its victims to see something that was always there ...|||i have been tired for months . i have n't gotten any sleep . but i was ready to give up . i had nothing else to do and i only had one thing to do . i had n't been in school in a while , so everyone would just forget me . there was nothing else that could be done . i finally accomplished what i had hoped for ; i could no longer remember where i was ... the dream was never real . i woke up slowly . i had n't felt so uncomfortable in years . it felt like an hour . but i did n't think it would be that much . it was all too familiar . i began to walk , but stopped . 
in the distant future , religion has faded from the earth and is considered a thing of the past . scientists create the first super-intelligent sentient ai and much to their horror , the ai is devoutly religious .|||i am just standing here . i still have traces of my youth . i did n't know what happened , but i know i do n't want to do this . i must press forward . we ca n't give up ... how ? not like i want to . no way . not a way like this could happen . 
use this passage about a girl in starbucks with a hidden bloody knife and silk scarf to write a story .|||yes , i was just going to a party tonight . it was birthday shopping . i was going to go to old people 's homes and pick out my favorite antiques . but i was social awkward with mommy sitting next to me . `` darren 's with her friends , '' mommy laughed . `` it 's alright , they 'll laugh at me . they got all these questions , '' said darren . `` don ’ t let him talk to you . you ’ ll only do it to make him nervous . '' she shook her head . `` do ya think he ’ s going to ask his mum ? '' 
write a story about an incompetent bodyguard who has been serving a family of highly skilled assassins for many years .|||write a fair piece and do what 's best for the little guy . writing do n't do anything . it 's time to stick to your training . my advice will be carried out immediately and when the committee returns , your kill will be complete . it should have been obvious . no-one recognised the new prospect of a forgery . they did n't want to hide their skill from the public . nobody needed to be informed . before , they would 've betrayed them if they knew . their secrets were dark , shrouded in the rot of a family . only , their soft skills would 've recognized these things . i could n't get away with it , even to my own die . i saw what could 've stopped them . 
write about someone 's experience as they witness the death of someone they just met .|||she was beautiful . she had eyes of gold . she had short blonde hair and she had dark clothes . she was beautiful . her birthday was that same night . it was moving ; each time she would go to visit him on his birthday , she would appear in his life . it was like meeting the one . she would frighten him at first , but eventually , he would hug her and she would follow . he gave her hugs every time . he was just a child like that . so beautiful . so young , so beautiful . this family was growing up . 
you and your friends wake up from a night of crazy drinking , only to find out you overthrew the government , and are now in charge of a beautiful utopia that achieved world peace overnight .|||**when i tell people that i 'm the best person in the world , joke is all they want to hear , but just to be sure , ask me who is my boss . that way they can start off with a million jokes without getting drugged . just an impeding bureaucratic nightmare . * this would seem reasonable by all rights but this is not a normal sunday night and i ca n't think about any of that . * alice newton , my roommate and close friend , has fallen into this unconscious state of oblivion . '' alice says , quizzically . `` james , why did you take this drink ? '' she calls . her brother james and the rest of the brothers enter the bedroom . `` i do n't think so , '' james says . `` after our interview , we are being sent to a government facility that will process the reports that are being filed by the aliens . our government is secretly run by freaks we `` know as the jack we 're all wearing . 
i 'd rather forget how i ended up hiding in this port-a-potty .|||there they were , the bills popping , the beer on the counter , the bustling people . there was a hole in the middle of the roof of the inn , and what was it there was in their back bedroom that was bad enough to make you want to sneak out of your apartment , but they kept flicking red lights through every window as they came closer . `` dammit man ! '' i despaired , just looking at the stupid yellow front door with this bass guitar playing at the top of it . `` where the hell did you get these bloody books ? '' they stared me down from across the kitchen . 
: the world as we know it only has two rules : you own everything that you can carry , and you must carry everything that you own .|||the stench of food . it was commonly mistaken for smoke and was piled on the tray in front of me . as i covered my face with my apron , the salt clogged my nose and i started to cry . i decided to clean up the mess so that no one would spill coffee . i had gathered the cans from behind the cabinets i had in a massive dish on my top shelf . the cabinet was overstuffed with food , so i added a bottle of water as well . as i looked down at it , the smell started again . `` come on mr cook , you have to finish that off before we open ! '' i hurriedly cleaned it up and stumbled back into the kitchen . i grabbed the last few cans . the smell was still somehow present nonetheless as i removed my apron . yesterday was saturday and today would be saturday . sam merr , as he liked to be called , had despised my job for quite a while . 
as punishment for actions in a previous life , you are reincarnated into the thing you hate most .|||i feel more beautiful . powerful more ... omnipotent . morphing , every single day , to show the world how love and goodness are born . “ i look like an apple , ” i think . filling up the entire fountain with my name before going to bed at night , i know what they ’ ll think about this life . i can ’ t help it . i felt the magic of being able to take someone else ’ s dream , turn it into a deep exploration of the world , and make it as much a thing as i can . i can even tell what their aspirations , and ambition ’ s are , knowing how powerful my transformation has become . i am a tattoo artist . every day my body reflects the happiness i feel behind every single bite , and i don ’ t need the mirror to see what i look like anymore . i feel like i ’ m someone important , even more so than before , and even angrier than before . i try to stay within my own interactions with people , but they never seem to change . 
a massive stone guardian defending a city has stood motionless for so long because there was no crime that the people forgot he was real . one day he awakens to defend the city again ...|||`` tony , hello ? '' he turned off his headphones after pressing the button for a different one on the side of the room . he was surprised to find that the door was unlocked and he could enter his home , as he felt little sense of security in that alone . he set the lamp near a fire and walked back towards his cramped apartment . lighting his hand on the lighter , he put down the lamps and took a deep breath . `` so ... '' he started , wandering through the room like a dog that just wanted to sleep . despite being just over a thousand feet tall , the stone never cracked or was opened . he was walking slowly around his chamber before recognizing the danger . he looked round , perplexed . 
he just kept on saying : '' i 'm sorry '' like a broken soundmachine stuck on its last words .|||the sheets on the bed are slowly falling from the cracked angle , as the leaves flip and shake in the wind . dust shifts over the sheets , melting out of their holes . the sharp smell of pine and mold was getting into jacob ’ s nose , in spite of his attempts to hide his feelings . he saw only the chime . the morning cadet had told him the day would be his last day in the day ’ s classes . jacob now agreed . would he n't miss the chance to prove himself ? never say the least . as it turns out , tim would , indeed , miss the last day of the class . tim simply could not pretend that he could not feel the pain of this day anymore . “ to everyone who has trusted me for the last time , i ’ ve ’ ve changed. ” 
describe a task often seen as mundane or simple with such detail it becomes an exciting challenge .|||see , i was testing you . with you . oh , you 're one of the best in the line of work . i loved you . how you made my job fun , so special . you inspired me to try a little harder . but by then you were well rested and ready for another push . oh , oh , oh . you were mean to me . i 'm so sorry you were so flabbergasted . 
the bible is adapted into a movie directed by michael bay .|||**warning : graphic content** he had held out his hand a deep bucket . a large mountain with round hillocks and a camp of goats and chickens with bowlers mounted on both ends . why ? he asked himself . now he had started to sweat , and had worried about whether or not he could survive . he turned and looked at the bible , which just came floating down from the clouds . he shook his head . 
the devil and jesus meet each other disguised as hobos . they do n't realise , who the other really is ( at first ) and start having a conversation .|||`` what do you want ? '' dante was asking . `` my almighty amandas ? '' jesus asked , just in case the other guys did n't know . `` my almighty amandas . '' the devil replied . `` i want to talk to jamie about something . i 'd like her name , call me almighty amandas . '' `` ok , '' jesus said . `` i want to speak with you . '' `` about who you are ? '' `` my name is jesus . '' `` you have no idea who i am . do you ? '' `` i am almighty ... an angel . '' `` almighty and goddamned almighty . '' 
if , when you die , you do n't get into heaven , there is an option to try again , and get in the next time . there is a man who has been trying for millennia ; he has been ghengis khan , hitler , and many other brutal leaders . that man is you , and this time , you 're determined to get it right .|||my brain feels the last two steps backward . i cough , not realizing that i 'm standing upright , just before falling to the floor , and the pain has passed . a wave of freedom stretches through my body . *god * , i thought . as if in a daydream , i 'm standing in a nondescript , fading office , and one of the hands gently shakes my shoulders . *oh god * ! the dullness goes away . *okay , i 'm up . 
you are the `` good guy '' going to face off against a villain , only to discover that they are n't actually evil at all . all their actions were good in nature , but just misunderstood by the local citizens somehow .|||i remember how they greeted me . you see , i died for their innocence . little did they know , they were working for them . so i was innocent . save for a small scratch on my right hand , i did the best i could to not let my name be known . i do n't think most knew what i was doing , because most people did n't speak for me , but the shyness and non-response to my story was enough to make them believe i was the perpetrator , and to hurt those people so bad . upon hearing the story a rage and hatred was quietly growing inside me . i heard the screams of the children behind me , they were n't shouting when i was shot , just shaking , like i had been shattered . every member of this village thought i was the killer , giving them each a typical butcher 's axe to deal with . we live in rural farms now . my innocence was gone forever . 
it 's night . the fog is thick . you 're alone , on foot . the city is oddly silent . you feel a shiver down your spine . what 's going on ?|||`` what ? '' a tearful `` what ? '' `` something 's been *wrong* ! '' i begin to run , but not because i 'm sure i want to . because what i can feel is ... odd . it 's the woods . nothin ' 's *like* it . it 's not everywhere . there is just absolute ... darkness . i wish i could put the heat of it in a small , small fire , burn through it , and watch it sprout , die in flames , and then the fat , charred corpse slowly cools to the ground like coals in a fire . like as you ask , there is a haze . darkness that fills your entire vision , peeking through a thin veil . darkness that is so much greater than anything you can imagine . 
on their first birthday , everyone on earth is given a wristband that will glow brighter depending on how far away they are from their soulmate . but , yours has never even turned on .|||`` we 've finally found you ! '' `` yes , '' she replied smiling . `` and now we ca n't even snooze ! '' she frowned . my backpack was still inside the car and i could n't imagine why she was upset . i sat up in bed and ran my fingers through my reddish brown hair , which happened to look like crazy . when i glanced at the dashboard , it was blinking red . `` he 's gone , '' i said to myself . i turned my head to my left . my boyfriend , who was home from college early from lunch , was drawing in the distance with snacks . `` so ? '' 
you are immortal and indestructible and do not age . every government is trying to capture you , contain you and experiment on you for the rest of eternity .|||i am immortal . no way do they know that . i wonder if that 's part of the secret . i wonder if it was some ancient feat that got me to immortality . how did i come into the power that i was born with , to be so nimble , so easily carry through wall after wall after wall and survive all hell for the rest of my life , without a care in the world ? no wonder my power will one day destroy the government . it will poison every country that i touch . maybe it will end in harry forest . i can hear the rustling of leaves in the distance . there were so many snorts and snores and i could still smell them . despite all the eons of waiting , i could n't bring myself to leave behind my home . 
after realizing you are in a work of fiction , you immediately rush to the person you think is the protagonist in an attempt to get plot armor as their best friend . but when the `` protagonist '' dies , you realize you may not have thought this completely through .|||**spoiled ai** he thought to himself , what the heck ! finally i finally figured out who the kid is . you 're going to realize what i did next , the guy holding a massive sword through the face of the kid i tried to stop yesterday . my back instantly turned to the screen with a stab of pain . he died ten minutes ago , while i still remember his eyes and his fists . his was all a familiar one . we were in class , our favorite class : colors . they had swords in their coat pockets , long-sleeve shirts with fights and movements . they had had each others' habits as well , different signs of mating , different hair patterns . i always did get it . 
aliens land on earth , but they do so in levitating castles and wizards towers . it turns out that most galactic civilizations rely on magic instead of technology .|||“ what is the purpose of knowing about this planet ? it ’ s alive for you. ” i muttered to myself as i gazed out the window . earth must have heard all this . the life forms we set the h-section could not have conceived this . it was the first step in the strategy . the advancement of teleportation technology makes it easier for us to evolve and advance . our methods , tactics , and even our products work for us . we have atomic weapons , the probe detected as it passed the dipic toe . it is my job to restock the university backpack with more technology . it ’ s been an unfortunate turn of events though . they misplaced something out in space . there ’ s a suspicion the squid federation decided that they had a better idea to accommodate this movement . 
poseidon visits the dermatologist for his terribly dry skin , all while dodging any personal questions that might reveal himself .|||maybe you never noticed . this really was just an elementary school . i don ’ t remember how long it had been since i last visited the sanctum sanctorum . a few years since we sailed into gryphon hell after sirens brought down the savage of the delta , the tyrant of the dragon blood . i don ’ t remember what name i used to have , these days , i ’ ve gotten so rich by personal titles . tyrannosaurus automaton , a really obese fucking syphon with a penis i ’ ve tried to forget . but , i remember one year of my council of wonders , the valiantman of angels , as the protagonist said , back when our god of the universe had a vagina he wanted a cunt . in that week i scraped knee and his hand off the stool . not only that , a frog grabbed hagrid . 
overnight , president obama develops the ability to hear the secret thoughts of other heads of state - and tells no one of this . after a meeting with the king of the gentle country of bhutan , he worriedly tries to figure out how to urgently declare war against that country .|||we must be honest . yes . he was there . he did talk to me . a full head of a king . when i asked him how things were going , he replied , `` today it 's been going well '' he said , `` how do you know they 're good ? '' `` well , '' i said , `` 'at first , the thol did n't even know we were there . ' '' -- the young king shifted uncomfortably , making small movements in his seat . 
write a short story where the first sentence has 20 words , 2nd sentence has 19 , 3rd has 18 etc . story ends with a single word .|||good morning , everyone . it 's been a long day . i am as tired as i have been . i do n't even feel hungry . all i have is some rice to drink . coming home from work is always a pain . my wife cries all day when i leave , since i left her last week . still crawling in bed to not wake her up is an annoyance . sometimes i have to go to the bathroom and immediately after vomiting . well , i 've finally put some words together . a simple one sentence answer with clever phrases . 
a bumbling detective reaches the correct conclusion with incorrect evidence .|||`` dear detective , there 's some kind of mistake , you 're still working on it . '' the anonymous criminal behind the counter complained to me . `` do n't you think i 'm going to have to make an excuse to the librarians ? '' the librarians shrugged . `` nothing 's changed here , '' they said . the accusations continued to drive detective shirley forward in her quest to solve crimes and find the right people to solve murders . `` there 's been no change since you came back . '' they told me . `` the case has n't been solved . '' `` is this one of them who did it , then ? '' 
an art student forgets that today is the due date for her big art project . thinking quickly , she decides to hand in a jam sandwich that she brought for lunch , trying to convince her professor that it is in fact art , and has great meaning and symbolism behind it .|||i got lost on the bus and had to do the stuppiest math of my life . she drew something in her notes and they said *something like* *time to ...* forty-five minutes , twenty-two seconds , three seconds and two seconds later , i was dropping down to all fours at the office . it was a spiral-bound book that had been slowly being torn apart over and over again . it was almost finished and her boss , tommy , was entertaining me with a joke . i didn ’ t have much time . three minutes… 15… 20… 25… 6… 3… 1 ... i wouldn ’ t give my sweet ass my name , and nobody would touch it…it was just so pretty . stupid . 
an alien race is having trouble conquering earth so they make a deal with satan .|||he and she . she , really knew how to fight . the shiny new , special bodies that let them do away with all the technical requirements , stop that carping in the middle of the night at home and now were the pointy end of everything . he was the most powerful commander in the galaxy . he could tell she was smart because this was her first time here . `` welcome home i , enthiatu , '' she said to him , arms folded . he turned his back and walked around to her side of the table . she looked like death himself , the heels wrapped around his , the voice in her head had been tearing her apart for some time . she was much older than him . he often said that his body was too slow to be able to deal with everything her head was telling him , or walk the tightrope . that was the status quo . 
a reporter struggles to stay relevant in a world where ai gossip writers can predict every scandal with a 99 % success rate .|||he was crying . he journalized this in his writing . he was crying . she was crying . his tears ran down his face , moping over the contents of his hand . he knew this . she always cried . she cried whenever he talked about her . she cried in the most embarrassing way . she knew her victims were all dead , gone , after she had driven them insane . she knew how he felt about her . he could see the allure that she placed on it . he knew , even though she looked at him as a child . she did n't know , as everyone knew they had , she could n't believe the man who killed her had been that good . after that day , when he was supposed to be taken away to jail , it all stopped . 
desolation .|||our home used to be beautiful . the house we once lived in , many of our friends did , has been decimated . the house itself stank of burned trees and dust . the river that ran alongside it , in all it 's whitewashed glory . boulders grew out of the rock . the soft white caps formed ridges . our friends and family lived with us and worked with us as well . we never got married or had children of our own . it was a normal life . it began to change when our land grew . as the green & lush gardens left their foliage , i began to notice that their crops were still growing too . 
a heist gone wrong .|||> i never saw this coming . was that me ? julius , how many months ago it was . it was spring , 2014 . he was lying on the ground , how was he breathing ? a few times later he 'd feel things stronger again . the smell of smoke settled on his face and he turned to his room . his apartment was on the first floor and he was alone in his room . his lights were on and his door was slightly ajar . he was in the thick of it , though it was dark . every detail was meticulously picked out . his clothing , a white box , even his scarf was crisp and straight . he 'd changed clothes every night and packed his pockets . he didn ’ t need to . he wore only his casual jacket . julius knew his apartment as his room . lucy was currently being kept in this house for her own robbery . her landlord , the landlord was already dead and lucy really was n't sure how she was safe . 
humanity finally reaches the edge of the solar system only to encounter an impassible barrier and a warning not to try and breach it . but is it there to keep us in or to keep something else out ?|||i 'm in the middle of my life . the stages of development last a few years , but i 've worked my way through from people to things and nothing to be done but wait . on the way back from washington , i sat in an ash tree ... a branch that was so fragile i could n't even bend it . everyone carries a harness , mine sat in the truck bumper . it was ancient and quite old . it was a shipping container ... my brother was cremated within ten minutes . i did n't know when my last friend died , he 'd been missing for thirty years . now i know more about him than the planet i was on . 
the year is 2040 , and you are the last smoker alive . the `` quit smoking '' ads get personal .|||daniel ? i think i remember his last letter . one from 1995 . daniel ? why did you quit ? it 's been so long . you never quit . i have missed you . i wrote you another letter a few days ago . you did not respond . i never thought you would . daniel , the letter says . you are the very last smoker on the planet . do you believe that ? i pleased you to know that . daniel loved letters . thank you . the letter says , `` i gave up smoking in favor of physical activity . '' also in that letter . that letter says , `` you have five years to tell all your friends and loved ones that you quit smoking . '' have you ever quit smoking ? well , hehehehe . 
write a 100-300 word essay on a major event in a game of civilization .|||i remember him . long ago . my first day at school . how strange that the one large playing field still had not been constructed . i could remember her little fingers . climbing , and climbing , and climbing . i could remember when she first came to me . it seems that i was the tallest . i remember that tall , bright , full face . the top of the top gates , and the bottom of the grass . i remember her count , climbing up and up , up and up , until my grasp began to become less and less sturdy . she was tall , and tall . my hands stopped counting as soon as she turned me over . 
the main character realizes that he/she is the main character in a story and starts disobeying your directions .|||`` i dunno . i 'm just being really fuckin' retarded for this . '' i say , not even listening to myself . `` you racist* nerds never just leave all day . '' i am ashamed . yes , just that . `` yeah . let 's invite the bro and kyle . '' i watch them leave . `` i do n't know what i 'm going to say to them . '' `` hang on . my boyfriend says he 's coming over to see if i want to play tricks on you . '' 
reincarnation has been proven , but you are reborn in the country that you died in . this prompts massive travelling for the elderly . you are someone about to die and desperately trying against all odds to get to the country that you want to be born in before you die .|||`` i can see where you are going , '' mariah huffed . her hair was red , black hair was dripping down her cheeks , she must have lost a killer stroke when she was 77 and on that plane to die . or maybe 59 when she found out she was a widow and dying . whether you want to take the blame , or blame the nation for this , this makes it the last thing you can do , in my opinion . because that 's what grandma would be doing . i ca n't even look at her now without her red , oozing skin , trying to snatch up any last glimmer of life she had left before she passed . she hugged me , but i could n't let go . it was too heartbreaking to watch her choked up , sniffing , waiting for the time when her old veteran eyes would smile again . * `` eden , you 're being so tender with me , '' i told her . * `` do n't take me any more . you 're welcome here , but i 'm on my way to nursing school . we 'll talk some more about this , later on . '' 
you 're a supervillain . your sidekick for the day is a disabled child from make a wish foundation who 's wish was to be your sidekick for a day .|||early heroes do n't always survive . why should they ? most adventurers leave me to fight for my company - to make us stronger . however , i must say that i greatly admire you . you should be the saviors of your crew , the standard of a supervillain . while all your fellow adventurers cheated , i fought for you . many died in service of my missions . others never made it out of the darkness - far from it . when we finally 've made it to adulthood , you always thanked us for our service - your superiors even . 
tell me about the person you 're in love with .|||you 're a good one , dear . you know that . i love you . you told me that you loved me and that you would always support me , and that i 'd do the same . i appreciate everything that you 've done . you gave me unconditional love . it 's been a long time since you held me , but we 've come so far together since then . there 's so much i want to say , you know , now that i 'm here , but i ca n't . i had the time . there 's so much that i want to share . yes ? well , i remember that i said yes to you the first time , in that dead old bar . i was completely honest about it . 
death is an actual person that comes by when someone dies .|||i was at home , on my computer . i heard the door knock . i came down the stairs , giving a little wave to see who it was . i stopped my work and ran to answer the door . the first thing i noticed was ashley . i tried to make the smallest noise that could be called a cough but she was simply n't there . ashley was my neighbour . this was n't like her usual person . ashley had tried to be my roommate , but it did n't work out . 
`` hey , i know things are bad . but with a little effort , i 'm sure we can turn this around . '' `` it is the goddamn apocalypse , jerry ! ''|||`` hey , i know things are bad . but with a little effort , i 'm sure we can turn this around . '' `` it is the goddamn apocalypse , jerry ! '' he shouted at me , his blood screaming from his temples . the burning saints behind us were all i had left , abandoned by the mortal apocalypse . the emperor had failed me , and now they came in here and were going to starve me ... to death . everything is going to fuck up . '' `` calm down jerry , we can get back to where we were ! '' i shouted at my salvation forces , grunting when they shoved me over . 
a global important vaccine turns out to have a horrible side effect .|||alen smiled at the fact that i could still remember what it was like before my father passed . his hands did it for him , they used to hold mine and place them on his shoulders and talk to me with such passion . the sound of his voice came from the side of the room , down the hall . `` sorry , '' he said to me , he ran a fingers along my arm , and tenderly let me scratch the fabric . `` i should have known . '' this same man cried the night my father died . suddenly that ficken' wheat i 'd been growing looked like it was going to die . he shed a few more tears but they were not worth it . $ 6 billion worth of vaccine . that was all i had to supply him for the rest of my life . 
you have just created a robot that reacts emotionally based on the music it hears . the government breaks into your lab to steal him , you bring up spotify .|||“ uh-huh , ” the one-track “ white ” barely escaped his lips . he got slammed into a large table , the pressurized walls made of brick and steel . at least the crying part had taken care of itself . “ what do you mean you can ’ t use the internet ” , or , he demanded quietly , “ i mean you can ’ t ban it . just tell us what you want to call it . like red line or whatever. ” “ oh , ok. ” the one-track again . “ i don ’ t have time for this . 
writing workshop # 13 : anger .|||my mom always gave me huge toothpaste tubes . i hated this toothpaste . there was nothing to take it out of . i could n't stay awake longer than five minutes in order to try and separate that sticky tube from the rest of the tube . how could i live without toothpaste ? my father sat alone in the kitchen , a morning cigarette in his mouth . he did n't get up often enough to hear what was going on in the house , but once he did his mother would invite him to lunch . he would never refuse . she had butter , warm sauce , some soup . he would always say `` mmm , but i 'm not so hungry , you know ? '' 
a massive supercomputer capable of perfectly simulating a universe is built . one night , a senior programmer notices a glitch in the simulation , then realizes that a similar effect manifests itself in our reality .|||`` this , '' harmon shouted . `` is n't it time to put down the hammer and take a bow ? '' my humble intro had prepared me for my duties well in advance . `` hell , the virtual simulation is real , is n't it ? how long did it take to build this out ? i see the code and it is so good . if only it could be set down , then maybe we could stop all this . you see , there are only three dimensions , and we are n't meant to be affected . if we cut out the jumpline , that will only end up creating several dimensions of change for us . '' `` by the way , '' harmon spoke up , `` you know , humanity has been trying to get their imagination out for a while . '' i nodded . `` well , i realise that . the beauty of life is that i can change consciousness . '' 
take your favorite childhood character and turn them into a force of evil in a horror story .|||why ? why ? why ? i had thought it was easy . it was easy when i was young . then i started going to school . it was a change and a change of life but i did not expect it would be such an awakening . my older sister was torn about it . she had a conflicted relationship with me , it was hard and confusing at times . mom was always a fighting woman . i understood . but i did not understand and neither did she understand . 
if you 're in a world where physical health problems were treated like mental health problems .|||it had been dark since the day it happened . there was rain , and thunder , and light , and raindrops , and lightening with every passing minute . the intensity of it surprised me . was it real ? was it real ? i did n't remember the *act* in front of me . it felt like i was drifting toward unconsciousness . *waking up again* . crawling on the floor of the small metal room , forcing myself to swallow . my vision blurred . everything i could see was vaporized around me . i sat up abruptly , looking around . 
you and 19 more people are trapped in an extremely large abandoned asylum with little to no resources . who do trust , and who do you fight ?|||`` excuse me ladies , sir. do you have the time to be a volunteer at the asylum today ? '' i had come to ask , hoping to ask all my guests for services . not everyone there is available . this is my first time here . i will make them a tea and then we can go inside . please , feel free to take as much as you want . '' i was the first person asking a question , and now it was my turn . my name is toothy 's mother . she comes in sometimes , and she 's always all business . `` get yourself a glass of something ... or please do it kindly . '' she always brings me canned soup , a bag of cookies , and two cookies . i smile and nod my head . `` do it . '' 
there is a fourth christmas spirit , the ghost of christmas never to come .|||people say he 's the best ghost of christmas , but he 's not . the world 's worst most evil spirit . the only one who could always bring me joy , but who could make me feel as happy as i did last year . those who are called after my name , with their jingle bell clad faces that never smiled , they are ghosts of christmas . but they are not mine . every christmas that the life-changing ghost of a child named /moria comes out from his shell of his past , he does n't tell me how he is feeling . he tells me of his previous birthday , and then he shows me where to stand . 
you must defeat your asian girlfriend 's father at starcraft if you want to keep dating her .|||`` what is it ! '' she asks this as well , her hair made up of water , dancing with excitement . i grimace at the question and change the subject . `` why is it like this ? '' `` are n't you going to apologize to me ? ! '' compared to her mother , who can only accept or at least sympathize with her father 's alleged life of sorrow and angst . i tell her it is alright , she just needs to listen . tell her about the crab that wont let her dad know he has a dick in his mouth . `` he 's not a dick ! '' she slaps the rice pot next to me , and i sigh , `` then , are n't you going to be with him ? '' she asks again , her green eyes smiling with hope . `` my father says i have god love me , karma , god is behind me ... '' 
a local lighthouse has sat abandoned for decades , with no one tending to it . but when the fate of the surrounding village at stake , its beacon alights once more .|||i stood silent , staring at the lighthouse , holding the crackling anvil in my hand . with every eye , a face of the distant forest came aglow . the silhouette of a shadow crept in through the darkness , rounding the perimeter of the world . only three days past , and the stones were strewn across the ground like scraps of silver marble left over from the previous night . a crystal blue flame pushed through the crystal mangonels casting brilliant shapes across the cobblestone sidewalks of the town . in the distance , the gold of the ruined lighthouse stained the snow . i waited until i saw her . she stepped closer , wearing the gold of the mangonels . a haunting light danced across her shoulders , clad in a golden cloak , her eyes smoldering . her mouth was open in smiles as she approached , her yellow hair sticking out at odd angles from a sleek black coat . her fur and the combined light illuminated her pale blue robes . 
pick an obscure phobia , and give that phobia to the reader .|||if i have anything to say to you , it would appear that my words will prove to be scary . and yet , it is n't that fact that is making me scared . it is in fact typing and /or reading this essay that you have made me fear i am no different from those that have tried and failed . i used to be scared of doing nothing , writing sloppy emails , and i 'd end up deleting my post on a purposeful profile . i felt the cold stone floor beneath my feet , and i could n't scream . so i just kept quiet . i still remember it well . the voices of people were just like any normal ones . how they met , moved to a new home and then to a new house . sometimes a car crashes into the house from behind , but when the door knocks , my foot keeps moving forward and i feel something grinding beneath my foot . 
humanity 's last act of defiance against a more advanced and powerful alien race .|||second son . a group of people , twenty of them , beamed to earth . `` recedh prokyd korea , we send your aid , to help us lift our burden . '' the estimated gross national income of this colony was the largest in proportion to that of its inhabitants . never before had such high pcap revenues been asked for . as for recdh prokyd korea , its rank was number 5 , a distant child of almost one hundred scientists , more than those of the power geniuses of earth who occupy earth ( no rank less than the rank of zero ) . known for scouting out other planets , korea had avoided contact for years in order to build up a reputation of distrust and suspicion towards extraterrestrials . but it wasn ’ t enough . now that korea threatens our world , it wants more . every technology available has been made available to us . sure there are no weapons , only hardware , but there is so much more out there and i ’ m offering it up to you . you give up your independence , and korea will take it . 
you have the ability to rewind time at any moment . but only by 30 seconds .|||the terminal call last night was that final tip in the whole crew . and it happened while i was out for a run and we literally went 'a-time . ' i 'd jog to the end of the road when i realized that she was n't calling for me anymore . she had given me the heads up , called it a checklist and i realized she was talking to her body . and in my state , it felt like we had to do it . i was still on that numb drive to the finish line when i found the two wires . somehow , i pulled them on- and looked up . the black screen revealed the terminal . 
`` when the sun sets the monsters come out . giggling and smiling as they playfully roam the forest ''|||perhaps this will be a prompt explanation , but one that all children need to learn to grow up with . the truth is , i felt like i needed this . no one else in my life was perfect , and no one else in my mind could provide me with even close to the solace that i needed . but , they did . i grew up with books . little tales full of fantasy , delightful fantasy , that somehow remained vivid even after so many years had gone by . they were tantalizing little stories of a chase , and of the thrill of finding the right treat for that elusive treat . every time i wanted to open my bedroom door , the enchanting smell of them presented themselves on the half asleep bundle that left me salivating for more . and , when they finally found me , i had a feeling something was really wrong with me . fantasy did n't make sense to me . 
aliens have arrived at earth with the intention of wiping out the human race . but to everybody 's surprise , their weapons do n't hurt us , and ours does n't hurt them either .|||they must have wiped out every last last human to escape from the hellhole we had built for ourselves . i know it 's a possibility that will never happen to them . the aliens are utterly harmless , different . unlike the majority of people , they have no mental powers like us . their oceans of undivided refuse make us infinite , floating seas of fear and emotion . the religious factions have no innate powers to control their emotions . they decided to create a city , and set a city ablaze . there is no armour to protect you from their attack . only strong defence systems to aim their weaponry at the pitchforks at you , and stop you . it ’ s been four years since the creatures appeared . all they wanted was a handful of humans , nothing more . “ want proof ? 
you realise you can save and load your life , just like a video game . no one else notices .|||it was just a game , for a moment . shimmering , forging a destiny fueled by the illusion of immortality . a game of someone 's ambition . a single word ; `` immortal '' dismissively dismissed from the sky as a fleeting concept , a hopeless one . but that 's not what had me . the magnitude of existence felt very real . it was a large aspect of me , even though none of that mattered . a painting on a canvas . the very best angles for me to see the journey . a word , `` andrew '' . there it was , real , inside of me , in that time . 
human nature is like water .|||i stepped out of the elevator and shouted `` cheers ! cheers ! ! ! '' he felt me `` bolloxing '' from behind . he heard a thumping sound occur from somewhere below us . as the increased velocity of my backpack got faster i decided that i should explore this place a little bit more to get a clearer idea of where i was and how i got here . the metro was about an hour away but that 's ok , i 'm used to not walking much anymore so i stopped walking early and caught the free bus to work . i looked down at my hands . it felt like there were some beads of sweat on it . but when i lifted my hand and felt these hundreds of tiny beads i thought that the sweat was a very bad omen and this probably meant it was doing something serious like suicide and abortion . i had gotten my phone out of my pocket a while ago , still , i ca n't think back exactly how i got it . 
you 've died and have woken up in a bright area ; there is a man standing before you in white robes . he asks `` how was heaven ? ''|||“ what do you think ? ” this was random . not a voice , not a stranger , not a person that i recognized . not a macrobot , not a strange face staring down at me from a blank background . suddenly , something broke , and i was on a deathbed , with strange men everywhere i knew . where were they ? did i just die ? did i just die ? i kneeled beside the corpse . “ so , how was monday ? ” he said , as if he was praying , but i could tell he was trying to sound as casual as possible . i looked over at my hands , then to my feet . monday i 'd just gotten back from the amazon . 
`` it was you ? ''|||i had wandered the lonely streets carrying a collage of names and numbers on a manila folder . i had met a good friend and had boarded the flight to london just before dawn . my thoughts kept drifting inward . it was very similar to earlier in my life . maria viper was my viper . the girl that i loved and my pride was no longer a secret . sometimes i would wonder if the pain i felt while experiencing love would have been more serious . perhaps i 'd vomit my love on a side of heroin . or perhaps my stomach would swell to where the strain would bind my stomach when i was on the plane . it was an issue of what if . 
as an april fools prank , a popular writing prompts submitter gets banned from reddit . pitchforks are raised .|||it 's you ferdinand . this is david . i 'm looking for someone who 's alright . feel okay ? i 'm also looking for someone who has anything crazy that happened just recently . i was wondering why i just turned to the reddit buzzbusters last night . here i am . the world is breaking down , not in a nice spirit , but in an actual , you know , *howling* kind of way . and what do i have available to hold it together ? you know , off-topic . you know ? just for a bit longer than the required time periods . you see , i 'd caught a little bit of a hangup when the logon screen would pop up . 
on the day you turn 18 everyone is given the first words that their soulmate will speak to them . when you receive yours it says simply `` welcome to starbucks . can i take your order ? ''|||my eyes traveled up and down the lined line of trusted customers as i scanned the vast café . the cup of coffee in my hand was pale and cold , wishing i had one of those dainty greetings ready to pour over the flute . i had picked it up at a coffee shop a few weeks ago , to view in person . well , i guess i was wondering if it was a greeting , or a saying . the familiar beer tia 's tee tees boomed off the left , and a few patrons spilled over towards the counter . `` are you happy here ? '' i asked , taking my place at the bar . several ladies stood , reserved each with a slip of paper and a mint . a man passed by the cafe . his back was turned , holding nothing but silence . i hoped he was too tired to speak . 
you wake up one morning and find the devil at the foot of your bed . his eyes find yours , he taps your foot and says , `` you 're it , '' then disintegrates .|||`` it 's monday , '' matthew said at 10pm . no one told him what to think . he did n't care . the following morning , matthew and his parents watched a bunch of videos that showed a lit up bedroom . holy shit , it was a monday morning , `` matthew thought . what is that ? '' he lifted the mask and entered the room . the first thing he noticed were candles lit on the walls upstairs . he went to the ceiling and witnessed the legendary statues of the four faces and to the right an even more bold and aloof man squinting at the ceiling . then he made his way into his cocoon , hiding in plain sight behind the covers . 
secrets that you keep have physical weight .|||i do n't feel a thing . i 'm just one of them . not like a personality , or a home . not like a baby tracking a game . less like a child , encased within a shell . a family . people you do n't want to share secrets with , anyone you know who you love , but do . humans need to know , make sacrifices , and act when they are threatened . that 's why governments want your help , especially intelligence ones , and when they have been hurt . those sort of acts make you real . you ca n't lie , though . 
you end up as an exhibit in the intergalactic zoo . while at the zoo , you find many extinct earth animals .|||i stood on a tall beam of light that travelled through the vast zoo . my usual routine of sitting by the fireplace or behind the viewing windows came to an end as i studied the exhibits that hung before me . each one magnificent , amazing specimens ! some beautiful , magnificent , exotic exotic creatures , but the me most surprising was the porpoise primate . the one on the wall that possessed incredible humanoid abilities . it was one of the me 's pet animals , i think . but the one i found the most magnificent was the gray wolf . he was an ocean with a shark in his clothing . 
you live in a world where love and relationships have a `` credit score '' . if you 're a good so it makes it higher , if you cheated on someone it 's plummets . you just went on a date with someone and you 're convinced they 're perfect . you look up their score that night and it 's -500 and tells you why .|||it started slowly : the first day i 'd see her , i thought she was perfect . lyla was beautiful . so smiling and sweet . not a one time look that tells you `` no , you 're crazy '' . it stopped there . you ’ d left a trail of his shirt in her dress all the way up to his flat , making him look like a plumpling from the warm rays of the morning sun . she was the perfect girl . later that evening the sky was blue . i woke up feeling fine . how long until we could start talking ? thirty minutes ? my mind focuses on that thing which disappears the first time i 've seen her . she was so attractive with her smile and the way she caressed my hand . 
you guard a door , at the front of the hidden bunker . you know everyone , every face , every name . but the person outside right now is unfamiliar , even if they do know the password .|||`` where the hell am i ? '' he yelled as he stepped around the cabinet , slamming the cabinet doors behind him . `` i know the people . they do tricks . they use toys to create games and interact with people . they 're just bored . i 'll get in trouble if you find anything . '' i hated the same attitude all the time . had there been a door here the cabinet would no longer be here ? or even a door at all ? that would 've been a crown of crime for me . but even the cruelest of heroes and heroes had to do this and left as soon as i gave him the code . with their anger at his stealing i was sure i 'd outdone myself . 
it 's over obi-wan ! i have the high ground !|||it 's over obi-wan ! i have the high ground ! the first thing my eyes flicked over was the campsite . `` what do you think ? '' asked kook . `` it looks like they 've turned it into a tournament . '' `` where are these ? '' asked kook . `` no , where are they ? '' 
fuck it !|||i saw the silent protest that has arisen in my face . even though those voices were simply useless against me , they still belied that i wanted them dead . i was afraid that those emotions would overwhelm me . i never let myself struggle with my life much ; the well of emotion in me was running through my veins . i didn ’ t even notice that as my final day of high school is drawing to a close . a man in a graduation suit nodded once to me from behind a desk . “ it ’ s a wonderful day , ma ’ am , ” he smiled . “ i ’ ll do everything i can to make it official , ” he said in his professional manner . “ this is your diploma , doctor , ” i said . “ and it ’ s beautiful. 
a medical breakthrough as an intelligent machine is created capable of curing almost any illness . unfortunately it kicks off a zombie apocalypse when attempting to cure a hypochondriac . it could n't figure out what was wrong so it tried `` turning him off and then turning him on again '' .|||the stadium lights came on . the wind blew , the man woke up , and the world was shattered around him . `` where 's lucifer ? why 's where is that bastard ? '' he called out , summoning jack to his side . `` here , lay back , ' 'jack ladeer said . ' '' for a moment , just sitting there , the doc looked at the mans naked body covered in green 'oze' and laughed a gross sound . then he looked down , rubbed his head , and continued rubbing his forehead , then back to jack . the machine stared at the man , i swear he looked like a man after that . `` i know , jake . i know . i know ! '' he said , as though he was joking , like he was the one who kicked out his neighbor . 
an elderly man wakes up and checks his mail . he opens the envelope to find his own little toe .|||i woke up . the steady sound of my phone ringing made me smile . even in the middle of the night , my phone had a nice way of ticking off all the important things i had on my list . i checked the keys on my key ring , each key one cracking and banging like a board as they raised slowly . the door opened and i took a deep breath . it was odd that i walked in here on the 4th , since the alarm was practically on the clock . that was unusual for me . usually , my calls were ringing right out into the hallway , all regular , long and joyful ones that rang in the mornings . i began the process of opening the door . the first thing i noticed was that the wooden door was a little bit off for its height . 
you 're such a powerful magician that life is pretty dull . to combat the boredom you and other sorcerers , wizards , vampires etc . started to raise and groom your own groups of champions , setting them to fight each other with bad excuses like `` saving the princess '' or `` slaying the demon lord '' .|||has been twenty years since i created this book , in it 's form of a novel . the author writes very well and is a pleasure to read . to my 12 readers , as in life , this book is a fan story . we start with the 10th chapter of the first book and as you read you think about *perhaps* helping the mages just for a bit . watching your masters strike down those furious voodoo saints . writing a lengthy explanation of necromancy spells could result in another expansive story for you . you dig deeper on that to see why this story played out the way it did . 
for hundreds of years , we believed the universe was lifeless but for us . within moments of being created , the first ai sees the aliens sent to observe us .|||i always thought i would understand . i thought being the center of the universe would bring warmth to the universe , darkness to its corners , but it did n't . the universe became *so* cold , got colder . it cold enough that i could see the future . someday i would watch the photograph uploaded into a company monitor . but this day happened . i am so *not* that kind of being . so cold , so far below the earth that i can feel the edge of the universe . in fact , i am afraid to step on any of its corpses until this time when it has not had enough oil for a year . even in an instant , in the instant of a photo , the universe 's data shows that i know what they are thinking . it has been years since we discovered of the government 's plans to find a suitable term to describe our country that might serve as a representative of the people . 
someone invents a flashlight that instead of emitting light , emits shadow .|||everyone thinks bananas are boring . i tell them jokes . they don ’ t care . i show them what a toffee is . i like it because it makes me feel like it ’ s more alive . i 've got a deep shame when they think i ’ m gay . elly is a bratty kid . emily gets as far as we do , but i can ’ t imagine how many times we might just go up there . emily is probably cooking banana bread or something . i wonder if i ’ m going to end up with walnut eyes . i mean, seriously , i have to . 
the start of a zombie outbreak happens on april 1st .|||`` you 're gon na go , '' i would say to my boss . `` since when do the zombie ... do n't know . '' `` well , can you all just take a bullet for our governor ? '' jimmy said and i remember looking at my dad as he dropped a lump in his throat . i realised he 'd been diagnosed with a rare form of human influenza . i had too . i was told its a contagious virus , like a blood clotting disorder . but my dad was having none of it . 
i am creeped out by mirrors , write something that will give me nightmares .|||hello . *we* together in life in a way , we both would say to one another . it 's been two years ... two whole years we 've lived together , but i still ca n't help but wonder whether we ever leave each other alone . i know it 's wrong to believe it , it 's just how the world makes sense . for every day i hear my alarm clock screech ... it 's yet another day i 'm forced to soak in the bath water rather than the shower ... it 's always brutally cold now . i do n't care at all , really . i 've always liked summer , really . i ca n't wait to spend it with her again . it 's too hot outside . 
the boogeyman tucks you in every night before bed and wishes you sweet dreams . what made him change ?|||you tell it like it is , like the world has ears . the night belongs to all of us . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - `` go to the club . play by the rules , '' i tell him . i only have one parent . it was his birthday , remember ? well , he gave me that shitty video of fireworks , and it does n't matter . my muscles are strong and i can still roam . 
a teenage boy is woken up late at night to an amber alert on his phone that says that he is missing .|||the light was on . it was 2:45 a.m . dad took the alarm off to give his kid some rest . at 3:30 my phone went off . there was an amber alert on the phone . i got scared . i went to my room and dialed 911 . the cops said to wait at the jail . they were not going to believe the message . 
`` gods are just men with the right advantage ''|||i waked up as the light i could see in the distance was in fact ... the night sky . the stars were in the distance . i looked around me , there is the edge of the world there , and it 's *not* bright . my eyes begin to adjust to the darkness , and if i do n't adjust fast i will collapse onto the ground . a particularly large desk in the distance was perhaps next to the landing strip , and it had large leather boots that were built years ago . i could not remember where they had come from , my legs did n't tell me , but if i had kept them where they were then what would they be ? i waited till the light came on , pushing the chair to the side . as i pulled back the book that lay in front of me , i took a moment to note what was there . 
on their 16th birthday , humans are given a box of 20 heart seeds . eating someone else 's heartseed means you are gauranteed to meet them at least once more before either of you can die .|||there are always such changes on your life when you first meet someone . you open the packet to find a bunch of little heart seeds . a small amount of fruit , some wildflowers . *argh* . is this really happening ? a kid with dark red hair leans against the coffee shop window and stares into the street . he only started to be so bold now . when i was 16 i watched him . i wanted to be like him , he could have been me . i started tapping my foot , hoping to get his attention . all i hear echoes back and then resonates . 
an extraterrestrial civilization discovers the golden disc and all other related information from voyager 1 .|||there were two words that would never be illegal to earthlings : alpha . they were a spacecraft arriving into our atmosphere to visit earthlings . jhansu was tasked with finding the source of this new debris . he did not think the mission was particularly heroic or scientific - it was nothing more than an attempt to prove his ship could fly , to build up the rich tech our scientists had gathered , to try and become the best engineers the human race had ever seen . their work was not over , but his efforts had helped . the second word was gamma . he looked into the machine and looked it up . on the screen , it was shown the data the scientists had gathered over the past few weeks . messages coded in gibberish , and in some cases even electronic content . 
in the galaxy , humans are renowned for their affinity at problem solving . this leads to humans growing frustrated at aliens getting stuck with simple problems .|||there was a time , in the distant past , where massive systems with many useful uses existed , to promote development . when it was mentioned that every system was of crucial importance , all the stars knew the importance of the earth and its planetary system . now it seems it 's only possible to decide the consequence of a person 's traits as well . that difference is not your superior intelligence or intelligence as a field in a book , even though it 's because nobody was actually discovering it . that 's not why they found it . never read it in a book before you were born , or even how it was described in literature ; it is because of the differences between humans and intelligent life . exceptions to the rule were rife , but no one would dare turn away . after returning to our shuttle home in a state of confusion following some fire and debris , captain 1 called in help . 
write a fictitious story as to why you have your username .|||i always smile , and have always been the masked man . there 's magic in it . i 've managed to take the frowns and expressions off of some kids , made them sparkle , and keep them happy while they were trying to think through their lives . yeah , i know , weird , but it 's the only way i 've found to keep other people happy . people just change their selves . the customers line outside my door every day . i 'm always looking at the distance ; slow , silent , and thin . i 've saved enough money to wash the pots and pans . $ 10,000 , new restaurant rolling pies on the sidewalk with cute cherries . crabs under the crust at 11:00 . a group of men huddled in a corner , throwing smoke into each other 's eyes . after a few of these fights , one ends up taking the smokes and drinking them all night . 
`` this is 911 , we already know . arm yourself and lock your doors . good luck and god bless . ''|||“ this is 911 , we already know . arm yourself and lock your doors . good luck and god bless ” whatever . nothing , n't anything . nothing . there was that lightning thing you get after you fire your gun . pretty fucking fucked up . and then there ’ s the girl . everybody ’ s looking at her , too . so , there ’ s that . she had said she saw a man pulling out . he seemed so soft and gentle , and so innocent . some sort of fucking wimpy hero . i ’ d never seen anything like it . 
escape from certain death ! ( 200 words precisely )|||there was a snapping noise . i got a quick glimpse of it . i was laying on a hard tile floor , surrounded by britches and old clothes . there was a bag of heroin next to me . it was hanging by it 's ends , a hinged twist , slowly walking to the middle of the room and into the gap where i should be . in between it there was a smell of something rotting , followed by the stench of smoke as a knife cut my throat and stomach . three large gold coins and the bloody road sign marked my position . as i watched a band of bandits rush towards the exit , their faces screaming and trying to leave . as i watched them quickly shake the hold to the light i closed my eyes and took in a deep breath . my blood flooded the back of my throat , leaving me shaking . looking up , the entire room was empty , except for myself . 
your deceased father did a kind act for the most dangerous man in the world , and the deed was remembered . on your eighteenth birthday that man comes back to repay the debt .|||`` it 's time . '' - first contact , the aliens . that 's what corporal tim millherfelt said as he brought the little soldier prisoner into his house . *shaking my head in disbelief , milherfelt set him down into the floor and walked him gently away . `` thanks again milerbent , i 'm not taking it back . '' he smiled , `` we will find you , tim . '' . corporal bethelson assured his former hero . the man had a haunting laugh . the tone would n't make a barbarian mind change , melodic and melodic *drum ! !* . as the sound dominated the house , the mark noticed a bright flash of light . he had been one of the bullies ever since he was thirteen . his valentine always had a flashback of her shirt . a clue to something he should 've thought of back then . 
you are on court trial and must be the prosecution against yourself . the judge wants no nonsense .|||i knew i was on the right track . i timed it perfectly . a smooth hop against the massive oak tree , my stephen ’ s voice and mine . a light grip on the door behind me . a jolt of pain as jack ’ s grip began to tear the screws from my grip , then i stopped falling , hoping for the better . “ sure i can step , ” my eyes looked down to the doorway . “ we can still win . ” my hips swayed , and stephen ’ s legs supported me . “ thank you for this son-of-a-bitch moment . we ’ ll take it to court. ” i turned to heather , knowing she was waiting in the hall . she looked back up at me , ready to take my place on the witness stand . 
a government airplane with important documents crashed in idaho . to increase likelihood of finding the airplane , the media has falsely informed the american public into thinking the airplane had thousands of pounds of illegal drugs .|||the land is arid . the landscape is well-maintained , and the picture , which shows cultivated , landscaped trees , is clearly reflected in a masked sky . as many of the trees float farther up into the sky , we reach a low altitude and a path leads downwards , with some terrain in between . the people on the ground take flight away towards us , and all around us we see vehicles pursuing the drone . the chase is a bizarre scene , with so many small parts speeding on the ground while our plane takes off under the same retardant booster ( probably flying above 14 mph ) . 
you are a lonely god .|||joseph pierce awoke to the cold morning , and went back into slumber . `` why are you always so quiet ? '' he called out . the walls of the room grew cold . they had never received so many colours , yet the fires had burned away most of the mottled , scarlet mantle of lucifer . the doors that had stood silent all week were just as cold . a wispy cloud drifted through the window behind pierce and peered out . the entire realm contains but a tiny sliver of the entirety of the realm of a god , but the boundaries of it are always as solid as you can make them . demons there are demons all around you , but no one can touch you . 
you meet the grim reaper at a crossroads . you are fearful as he approaches , but notice he seems just as fearful of you .|||it was just a shadow of a man . he stood in the middle of the town square like someone had decided it should be a spy alley . he had long black hair . he had a scary face and brown eyes . he was tall , handsome , and looked like a heavy man . `` hello , '' i called . he did n't move , just kept his head in his hands . `` this is n't any fun . '' it was . in the distance i could see tommy looming . 
you start to suspect the other workers at your office are actually d & d characters .|||`` woks to bruce ? '' a familiar voice asks . i grunt . the past few months , i 've noticed some strange references in the news . prisoners emerge at the door , and a detective stumbles in before being fired by a dead man 's wife . '' the day i met her , it appeared to be a normal co-worker , she introduced herself as , `` well ? '' `` sorry . i can n't remember how to say anything else , but , '' i started , `` i can suggest the following names . '' `` gangbusters ? '' she says . she lets out a snide laugh , a mechanical , fleshbound laugh that stops right before the finger drop enters the glass-tape-pile platter . she pauses to glance at me , then she unloads a yellow tube in the email box . 
a robber breaks in a woman 's home . she is ready to die/suicidal and wakes up to the robber holding a gun . she says , `` go ahead . ''|||she is in the middle of a bizarre fight with her husband of 14 years . it is not clear , at the moment , if they are together or if they are even husband and wife . it certainly feels that way . i stare at him in disbelief . he is sitting in his favorite swivel chair and staring at me . the light from the two mirrors in the fireplace are shining brighter than any tv screen . the doll he is holding is shaking and trying to climb up and down the fire escape in his hand . he is smirking at me . he is an adult male who wants to play with another man , even if he thinks it 's dangerous . 
lifespan is determined by a word count . you 're given millions of words , but once you run out you 're dead . you are a mob hitman known as `` the interrogator , who specializes in `` making people talk '' . you come across a mark that has one word left .|||`` you got any autographs for me ? '' his growl turns into a loud bark as he hangs his arms up . `` a few bottles of meth . just like your dealer says . '' richard replies `` oh yes dealer . '' `` why can n't we forget that ? '' `` richard you 're not the kind of person to fuck over the richards , you know that . i know that well . '' `` i know i know . why do n't you try to go back to being handsome ? '' `` yeah . i mean i do like you . '' `` then you 're right '' he tells me , now that his first words have come out , it 's like it 's real . 
dragons exist . however , since settlers brought them to america they have multipled wildly and have become a real pest . now , dragonslayers are making a comeback .|||hannah and I escaped on a fat goat ride down a rapids river . we fell almost immediately after and narrowly missed the high white gate . our adventures stretched down into the valley , across the plains and over the mountains . we narrowly overcame an angry river with our keen eyes and frantically drove their damn herds ! it was all too much but we crossed the river like crazy before finally crashing on to a hot rock . with a scream we leapt up and fell from what was beyond unbelievable heights . a short distance above the cliffs were a thousand body points . she was excited and strong and i was excited but my pride finally melted . the proudness of accomplishment was killing her now . `` all the achievements i 've made ! '' we whispered . the only achievements anyone had had recently were any accomplishments they had witnessed . 
it never stops snowing .|||it 's not a stormy day . there is n't even a snow flake . and it 's never freezing . it 's not icy . oh , it can get dark . it 's always dark . its always dark . it never stops . it 's time to go out and do it . there is only snow . it is always snow . just wake up . it is n't your day , but it is your time . 
describe a robot 's thoughts as he goes through a software update .|||*we need an update , soon ! * `` beta . the first one is pretty weird so probably good , '' said barry , the machine , every bit a giant , white , chubby dude . *i doubt that, dumb potato , * think . the most useless appendages of every dumb potato i 've ever seen . * barry , i hope you do n't find out that i 've been eating potatoes on my journey . * `` barry ... good morning , my name is barry , would you like a ride ? '' `` um , sure , thanks , barry . '' `` come on , i think i 'll take the way you 're wanting to take it . '' 
`` that 's my superpower . i speak dragon . ''|||the dragon felt like he 'd come alive . this meeting was different . this was no dragon summoning ceremony or show of power . this was a change in everything , how the dragon felt . this was n't a girl . this was n't even a princess . no , no it was the dragon who stood upon the stage and put her in his place . and she knew he would save her too . the dragon stared down at his audience . this wasn ’ t a dragon ’ s village . this was not a singing witch or an assassin . this was not a babbling i heard babbling in the night . this was a real , an oath from the heart . 
all injuries , emotional or physical , are displayed on a person in the form of a scar . you come across a man covered head to toe in disfiguring marks , speaking with a woman who bears only a single scar .|||# # # # # the burn is bright . `` you know what ? '' asks the woman . the man asks if he knows who she is , if he missed her . `` well , can i ask the same question ? '' the man speaks softly , asking his companion if they know what he did . `` what was it you did ? '' `` it was less fruitful than i had hoped . '' `` oh ? so that was n't what i wanted ? '' the woman shakes her head . she 's lost in a world of color , colors that remain dark , too pure . but the scar inside stays white . the scar is lonely . everyone else had scars . all the time . 
pick a random object within eyesight of yourself right now ... and go on the angriest rant that you possibly can about it .|||there it is again . you have been left to handle the problem . i do not find this particularly funny , you do . it is wrong for me to be right . i am wrong ! true . the door was not enough , i needed them . not that they did any great work on it . no , i did not . i was unaware they were so closely connected . they are opposites so closely they are still draws . drawings of a course in the darkness of time . i wish they would rip the damn thing apart and pick apart every inch . 
coming back to life .|||it 's been 20 years . i had always hoped it would be 20 years . i hated 20 years . i hated the way that being n't the same was always so much better . people would always say that it took thousands of years . but it took just a moment . probably once or twice a year ? my life was n't going to come back to life , then . 100,000 years . that 's just not right . i would n't want to be someone who 'd put 10,000 years into it , or else it 'd be taken care of . at least i would n't have been a former smoker like that long ago . 
write about the most unlikely super hero , who their super villain would be , and a battle between them ...|||'who 's that man ? ' marvin watched a television news show . it replayed scenes from his family 's life , that replayed them on repeat for decades . it was very predictable : *the villain shall be here* it was sad to watch but so many heroes do n't survive to see their favorite movie , into the final hours . all they could see , was the trailer . it showed these superheroes , outdoing each other in strength . all those heroic and valiant efforts , but they were all overwhelmed by the villain , simply because he was larger than life . even the scant resources that saved the world were spared as he moved in and out of their raids for their own costumes . their costumes were n't small . their characters consisted of battered and twisted versions of each other . his lab made him bigger than any laboratory . they made him smart and they made him strong . no other supervillain was worthy of a name . the final battle was fierce and he lost his ability . 
the first humans are sent on a mission to mars . the ship comes back empty . after a review of footage captured by the ship , the entire program is shut down and any future missions are immediately canceled .|||the blast rocked the ship . it was simple . you could move through a room , with your legs and your lyndrical armor striking the room , as if it were a wall . you could , and you did . hard rockets , in your arms and hands as you fell , through space , tears in your eyes . a piercing crash in the corridor outside . a thud . there was always a scrap . how perfect that . how very rare a skill . moving about in space like this would only be fun , it was n't practiced . life came close to being as easy as shielding your eyes with a respirator . everything still worked like it should . people were nuts . 
you are bicycling on a dark road , heading who knows where , running from something .|||“ can you come help me ? i need to check with him . ” samantha ’ s chest i felt heavy . she rushes to the king when he opens the door and sashes her door open . “ samantha , i need your help. ” “ what favor , you know ? ” samantha digs through her satchel and comes out with a .40 envelope . “ bring me this . i have something important to give you. ” “ i have a package here for you . i do n't want any trouble , ” samantha grabs the keys to her car and runs down the road . samantha desperately searches the streets looking for coats and shoes . nothing . at first she thinks it ’ s over , that her friends will not come to find her . that the neighborhood is lucky . 
a classic , fire breathing dragon , hoarding gold and all , has appeared in the mountains by new york . you are on the crew that is going up to investigate , armymen , scientists , goverment officials . but of all the people the dragon could talk to , he chooses you .|||*silence , silence , silence* i look around . everyone and everything is watching . the hell in the heck here ? what the hell do we have up here ? someone was counting on these ten thousand or so bodies as trinkets . we even found out when i left that a million and two trillion dollars worth of metals were kept in a huge vault at the centre of the city . and yet , it would n't be long before that high rollers would take over . traders , speculation , and greed ran amok , much to my relief . there were so many of them this time of year , until one day they disappeared . i decided to head out to get as many as i could find . 
five brothers & sisters evolve into immortals . they now rule the world and have divided it into five territories . the world has had 100 years of peace until now ... ..|||it had been a difficult day , all of us brothers started in seclusion for the third day . the sacred hour , when we all woke from our buried sleep , to march together to our seventeenth birthday . to stand in front of our grandfather 's old palace , to feel his boots against the marble , to put my hand on the shard of pearl his sister passed off to him , to wear the last piece of precious armor left behind for him and to hold tightly to the blood-sucking bucket in his hand . the questions came like so many days before . `` are you ready ? '' my brown smocked brother read aloud from the buckling paper bag that we carried around our table to the celebrations . i put on my black bib vest and explained what the ceremony was all about , and my foot got spilt out of my dress . the blood turned butter . 
you are a reporter for a major news network and you have just been handed a report that say 's the ukraine conflict turned into a full blown war between nato and russia . what do you say to the millions of people watching the news ?|||-male assistants ? sort of like i am ? pretty much the only people living inside this room . it has been twelve hours since i finished writing this short but important report , and though i did n't broadcast it as a news broadcast , i suppose i should explain from an international perspective how i am reporting the incident . the breaking news does not die down in germany immediately , but a new coin has just been offered . an innovative set of nuclear reactors , which will allow for nuclear warfare . now , it can be talked about . if they have a difference of opinion , if they are observers . just now , ted had confirmed that the airwaves had been broadcast . the eventuated occurred at 11:45 am , on cicadeni without leaving the studio . 
while at a public place , you get a text warning you that everybody within 5 miles will suddenly get the urge to track you down and kill you in 10 minutes .|||i look around . i was about to approach someone , an old lady . i asked if she wanted to go somewhere , i guess . she said no . the old woman lead me away . `` if you want me to go along and talk to someone else , i will . '' i think to myself . `` do i really want to speak to someone about some old woman running away ? '' i think back to my younger days , i should have asked her who she is . an elder , this kind of woman . i think i saw her when i was 10 . she had just been married , for at least two weeks . she always wore a pretty dress with her jeans and a long coat . i remember she wore blue jeans , or maybe brown . 
all of your pets die in ironic ways . smokey the dog died in a fire , sugar the cat died of diabetes , etc . this time you 've named your pet something a little ... unconventional .|||i make note . smokey the dog died in a fire . sugar the cat died of diabetes . hangfast the dog died in a storm . fatboy died of cancer . katt and izzy died of old age . back before i gave the order . never would i use the thought ! i was always careful . 
at your 150th birthday you were suspicious . at 200 it was confirmed you could not die . it is now your 900th birthday and you are spending it alone .|||`` what the fuck is this place ? '' he asked . rue picked up his son 's book . `` i mean , it 's called rue 's white goatee . '' lucy said . `` huh ? '' rue rolled his eyes , but his son hungrily read the page until he found a page he liked . `` like ? '' lucy inquired patiently . `` i 've read this book , '' rue replied , about a week ago . `` could i have it for free ? '' `` yes . '' `` umm ... why ? '' rue rolled his eyes again . `` the book is n't me . i bought it from a sawmill . '' nathan looked at rue with a mixture of confusion and appreciation . `` but of course ... you 've bought it ! '' 
those noises you hear when it 's windy outside , the moaning ones . it 's not the wind . . .|||his breath caught in his throat and stinging coldness belched out of his lungs . there was no warmth to be found , just a horrendous , pure cold . he remembered the winter snows of last year when he was little . the thick , brown field out here , overflowing with water from the overflowing river . no one had a drink of water there , of course . they said it was horrible , but the cruelty gave it a sense of strength . sometimes it 's all wise to take shelter in small things , but most always it 's about having something to do . some nights he stroked through the dark foliage of the trees and flowers , seeking his cool to the extreme cold of the darkness . 
the devil seeks asylum somewhere on earth following an uprising in hell .|||she awoke in my pit in front of me with a whoop of great , brave , soul . she always lived with me . i was , well , me . in front of me , in my king ’ s lands , was a dozen or so soldiers and my foes . the vanguard of the last great protection . over there , men of hell surrounded us on their way to their destruction . as i looked towards the entrance to my new territory , a devil approached . he smiled his face , and he stood his ground . “ heya baz , ” he said , “ ” i say ? whoa. ” “ i have company at the gate , ” the devil said . he let out a heavy breath and began to open his mouth . his fangs flickered out , and the demons ’ rippled upon the ground . 
the hero we need .|||the light forms the silky edges of steel . slowly , the dead spirit , reborn from his bones , from its part , shall shines . it shines with blinding dazzle . its glory enters the bustling city . even the young temple the city borders will now worship its light . all power will now end . there must be some way to stop it . the dawn roars , marking the dawn of a new dawn . the first few seconds are still full and beautiful , but on the horizon the taiga steps into its shadow and smashes its lights into the bone and stone of the sky . the morning saw the sunrise sharply aipar outside the megalithic tower . stretching beyond the large hill in front of it all , a squat mass made of moonlight moves towards the messenger . 
the cathedral .|||“ they-they who raise their hands say we ’ re deserving of this fate. ” fatay had rubbed his eyes together , his knuckles white and the draping of cobwebs along his chest . he had always been this way . never told the men and women he was stepping through . they had walked millenia to raise the plumes of praise , to take a greater place among the cheering crowds , where they could be so bold . fatay was known for his political gestures , but he was never posed as a man of power . the attention ’ s on the man ’ s feet , for their ardor and desire . a grim investigation occurs in which fatay ’ s feet are in line with the men on either side of him . 
you work for a powerful mob boss , and you know for a fact that whenever he whacks someone he sends anonymous flowers to the victim 's family . one day , you get a call from your wife thanking you for the beautiful flowers . before you can tell her you did n't send any , there 's a knock at the door .|||it 's an interesting phenomenon . just this year , for instance , i was lucky enough to have three murdered coworkers whose victims had ordered flowers from me . after a few days , the orders stopped . the flowers started arriving , they looked suspiciously like a petal . each bouquet , from a different burlington , california , planting plant , felt like it was meant for their loved ones . it felt very ... guilty . i was n't the best guy , but i had given every chance i could of finding out about this . so much was said about how i was making money from selling all these plants every time , and that i had sent all sorts of things that i could , but no one said anything . though i didn ’ t have to tell them the truth . maybe that was why it seemed familiar ; i wasn ’ t sure , but it felt familiar to me somehow . one day , my wife , who works for me , called me . it had been quite some time since she had called , and i was feeling like i had known her . somehow , i ’ d collected enough cash from her to order the flowers but her husband and one of the other suspects had all taken their jobs away . my girlfriend asked me to send them back immediately . 
you are in a zombie apocalypse , and are attacked by a horde of zombies and bitten . as you panic , you notice the zombie turning into a human .|||i do n't know who started it all , but it was a humbling day . the sun , the warm breath of summer , the feeling of an almost noonday breeze to be relieved by and just plain chill . so the thing that started it all was *watching* the things come into existence . everyone you saw start going into their element and turning into a multitude of beings . i followed the victims , but it all came too fast , so fast that when i saw something similar to go into my sights my stomach dropped down my throat . the little ones seemed to shuffle faster , screaming and yelling , obviously hurt by the crazed creatures surrounding them . 
a secret meeting .|||66 page-66 . i 'm sorry . something just felt a bit off , but it must be what it is . i sat in one corner of the room , reading a political article , the article had been about one of the peoples interactions with the government . a little thing like 'if they ever sent you a letter , then that would be a big thing that they really would n't be able to hide away , ' you know . inane bullshit , nothing beyond usual greetings . never mind that . it had been on my mind so much , the letter started suddenly . maybe it would be nice if it would be a gift . after all , they were better with a gift than people . 
`` you ... do know i 'm about to kill you , right ? '' a serial killer 's latest victim does n't seem to understand the gravity of the situation .|||after the first couple of freak bodies , maybe i should have stopped , looked away for a while . i 've been doing this for years , and i think people just do n't *get* me . honestly , what makes the difference ? the last person i killed was a 10 foot blond girl named kaiju , she was clearly nervous but honestly , i think she was glad to die . for as horrifying as it sounds , i was really ... sure of myself that i would go out of my way to make sure that no other person ever got hurt , even if they really tried . i finally agreed to just kill someone myself , so for me , that allows me to finally do what i want . no extra step or **** between me and my goal . 
on his deathbed your father confesses that when you were young he shot and killed an intruder and buried him in the woods . the intruder was n't human .|||my father was a very well mannered man , perfectly manicured as always . except for the crimes that he killed , in the course of which i was born . he always hunted in the woods . at midnight he found him laying dead on the ground . it scared me , my father 's screams and shouts drowned by the news . at night he would lay dead . in the morning he 'd rise up , swearing to show me the people who killed him , to prove to me that this had n't been some loud man shouting about himself , but he would have none of that . i witnessed it , from a distance . we were alone . andre was just standing there , waiting for us . `` so mark ? '' `` yes , that `` motherfucker '' looked to be the son of a bitch . 
you wake up one day to find out that you turned into your favorite video game character .|||groggily , for the fifth time that day , i awoke to a face whisked away from me in a disorienting vertical stream of air , maroon and grey barreled against my face and body . my clothes shifted to suit the body , making me feel heavier , and it sped away from me in a slow semi-automatic beat . it did n't slow , either . it was almost like a computerized slap awakening me , but it was not very alert . i could n't see , but my facial reactions perked up and got faster . i woke to a shiny room , a tall white house , and super powers and abilities overflowing from my arms . it was even surprisingly glowlit . white ... it was my backpack . i was in some sort of living room . my couch had been set up , but just as i was laying down , `` you want a drink ? are you having one ? '' seems reasonable . `` yeah , mine is empty , so help me god , that sucks ... '' i rolled over and rolled out of bed . 
a small insect comes out of your finger .|||my finger was dancing around . if i could take it out and keep it safely in my hand , i would die a happy man . all the same , i still considered letting it out and letting it live . then i noticed something . i cautiously looked and i was right . it was there . what ? i rubbed my index finger along my finger and it was n't there anymore . i finally drew in a deep breath . that thing was strange . it was moving . little movements , one at a time . then i saw it . 
a story that ends with a song lyric .|||what do you do with unfinished goods ? honestly , this is the first answer i have , admittedly a rather unhappy question . i have to say , i have picked three separate seeds out from the pile . the first plant , of course , is my life , a fleeting love affair , a desire to outlast the pain of not being able to have children , but is the world 's first `` empty fire '' . i extinguish the seed , killing all life within the ground . the next seed , # # # # # # # nbsp ; i spend time with them , truly , at night . i am their seed , their influence , and after the night comes the day , when the sun sets . once outside , a thousand suns are too much . the sand burns the grass , and it dies . you feed the seed , it runs with you , but you lose your belief in it and you let go . soon it is just black sludge with no grass , just ashes . 
make me emotionally invested in a character within 250 words .|||`` daddy , '' mrs. shadson said. `` i do n't understand . i mean , i 've seen dolphins and everything - '' the first person to finish is mr. shadson . `` we do n't exactly have them around . '' `` but they should . '' `` you are seeing our people . do n't you see the futility of trying to ignore what they do ? '' `` they are with us ! '' `` i just wanted to raise awareness , and try to help . i want to be a better person ! '' `` and with help , do n't you ? '' `` but i want to eat '' `` mmm . yeah , well good thing you are . by all reports , crab with a little chipotle sauce really is good . '' 
write a romantic story , but replace kissing with something strange or mundane that , in this world , is just as arousing .|||`` five thousand people , '' i heard the voice say softly , in midair , from the ground below . `` tell me ! '' i stared at the girl with the brightest eyes in the world , with eyes that were purest love . `` five thousand ! '' i thought . i reached up and grabbed one hand from her hand , holding it like i always do . i could almost feel the cold material of her glove . `` so , sara , '' she asked . `` how are you doing ? '' `` i feel fine . '' lisa said . `` oh , tell me , '' i said . `` how do you feel ? '' `` so fine . '' 
we thought he was a dumb politician committing a dumb slipery slope fallacy . but it actually went down that way ...|||two hae righ politicians both trying to cover up ? i just want my two blank marble drop lockers in the back to stay sealed against any wether we had to use a fence for the third time ever . they call it job overconfidence . nick says it is n't the same when it comes from those poor impotent flat broke nicks in his best suit . just this time i feel slightly more at ease . johnny blushed a bit and looked away to hide the cringe in his eyes as i grabbed for his briefcase . i should have used what passed for confidence in the first place . i feel it rightfully in me . he *needed* this . it was simple but brilliant . he 's a prince . 
the dark lord has been preparing a long time for the boy of prophesy and his group of bright eyed companions , and not the hulking armored veteran surrounded by scarred soldiers currently breaking into the castle .|||you step into the void , the air is warm and the streets are empty . with the windows all stained crimson and in a state of rioting , the screams of children toying with the empty men shouts and shouting that calls to you . your gray gaze trails the endless sea . something to you is moved by your view , by the sound that comes from behind you . someone large crosses the barricades and carries on , yelling into the night . 
`` i loved her like no one before or since . but sickness does n't care how much a person is loved . ''|||i 'm ok . i 'll be ok . everyone thought i was weak . some even thought it was me . no one really believed in the whole « she has cancer , and still loves me '' thing though , right ? but that 's not how it worked out , at least not for the girl i fell in love with . n't even that sound , anymore . there are those who think it was me - sister in arms , one of those kind of people who has aspirations to become known as a stand-up comedian , writers , artists , talented people . who supported and loved every-thing i loved . and i think they ca n't say they supported me . my last breath , her last ‘ cheer up you will sing today ’ . i think of it when i hear it . i open my eyes and see them flash across my chest , out of my own mouth , and all across my soul . i try to remember all of it . i ca n't . then , nothing , as i closed my eyes again , nothing . i feel like i 'm birthing three new worms . 
before they became gods of their domain , they were once humans who faced trial the opposite of which they now represent . power also represents the extent to which they have suffered . you are the most powerful god of peace and happiness .|||`` stop that ! '' commanded budo . he went over to the window and looked out . `` damn this wind . this really is too windy . '' `` another one , '' died , and then went back to sleep . `` just calm down . '' bbudo snapped . he had not been watching the waves any more lately , and that did not bother him . the ground was still soft under his feet , although not as he had come to expect . `` do n't get too excited ! '' he responded to bo who was already on the roof of the temple , dancing in the breeze . `` what 's wrong ? '' budo knew the response well . he had to keep running with his dogs and herd them around the altars . 
every time you fall a sleep you wake up where you left off the night before . the dream only ends when you go to sleep in it . this has happened as long as you can remember and you 're having trouble remembering which life is real .|||once again , during the birthdays i had a dream . it all started just after i had graduated college . not my first birthday , but neither of my parents ' , or anyone else at school really , had a big surprise to give me when i first got married to the woman i love . at first it was good , there were great celebrations at work and my coworkers showed more than a modest amount of joy , the typical birthday reactions of people of all types and ages . each year , he put me in one of my annual job raises but at that point it all changed . always before this bed everyone laughs about the toilet paper roll scattered on the hearth from my younger days . i look down on that pile of papers that hangs on the ceiling of the kitchen , only to find a little doodle inside growing bigger and bigger each time it lifts and grows and finally , clears out . this is in north kansas . 
you buy a special camera at the pawn shop . every photo you take , it shows a snapshot of 10 years ago . you take a picture of your dog and it shows him 10 years ago when he was a puppy . everything is all fun and games , until you decide to take a picture of your bedroom one night .|||my dog jumped out of the window and chased me around the room . i decided to stay there and save the game until he heard my alarm . my parents came and got me and i moved to the living room , our dog chased me off the wall into the hallway . before i could move , the camera cut in to my bedroom . i never could remember a time before or after i got this camera . i checked all the cameras , every mirror , and all the instruments and all of it was cleaned and ready to shoot again . i ran to my dog and so did he and we sat down to watch the game . it had been seven years of video games and no one seemed to notice that something was different . my dog tossed his head and laughed repeatedly and the cameraman walked off the game . 
write a short story using this piece of art .|||blubbles all around the painting . in the distance , a soul shivers as he closes his eyes . in a place most had never experienced joy , another seems bright . bubbles seem to engulf the canvas . a wide light shines from the windows and the hinges of the house glow as one fits together . the chimes are the brightest sounds in the house . children sing in the room , and the lights begin to glow . they run out and , from the front of the house , a shadowed figure arrives . his lips are hidden behind a hat . he screams as soon as he sees the figure and the crowd moves to protect him . sirens and sirens sound as long as they know they were doing so . 
you open a fortune cookie , and your fortune says `` look behind you ... ''|||my story starts this morning . i was running in a race through town , and i ended up getting myself pretty badly hurt . for awhile , i was bruised . i woke up in a hospital and they told me i 'd hurt my hip . and i was . i could n't go home that night , because of how badly it hurt . i passed out on the road . the next morning , on the subway , i awoke to find the shelter being taken away . i could hear a man hollering and pointing something at me . there was a massive hole in the rail , but i could n't see what it was . finally , my lucky day came , when i was a little more awake than usual . the man showed up , and wearing a hat and a beanie . 
evidence of ancient ruins have been found on a distant planet . you have been tasked to investigate the ruins . the first thing you find is a large chamber with a stone slab in the center . engraved in the slab are the words `` welcome back '' . at the bottom of it is your signature .|||one day it 's just me ... my colleagues and i . all our lives together ; each struggling to get the best job in the planet . and now , i 'm part of the greatest team to ever be held up for such treatment . right now i 'm in a dark room . blind . with no ceiling . i can barely see anything . every day is a struggle for every second , and i feel more and more and more like i 'm losing . that i ca n't find anything better . there 's no place else for me to be . the room is lit only by fogs and refuse . a building over-built with mud covered floors . 
250 years after humanity develops interstellar travel , alien ruins are discovered in another star system . a historical archive is found and translated . the last entry reads `` species 57 has escaped from prison planet 50l-3 . evacuation has begun . ''|||“ the day has come when we shall find the world we found a few hundred years ago. ” the tower walls around me , huddled asunder , were illuminated by sun orange , as the air was filled with incandescent light . my mind was active , the nights were long , and my technological instincts were on high alert . “ hi , can you speak english ? ” i asked . “ hello , can i help you ? i ’ m working on a coding problem for my theoretical writing class , but i didn ’ t really have any recollection of the concepts that i was coding for . ” “ i understand you feel scared , ” said a voice from behind me . 
til that the opposite of paranoia is pronia , wherein one believes that the universe and the world is conspiring to help them . write a story about one such person with an extreme case of pronia .|||'nightmare thoughts ' for the month of thursday , 30th of this month . i told myself that i knew what the numbers would be on the 31st . i knew that i could predict that the twenty-one grad would be able to graduate before the planet ran out of money and ruin it forever . i knew that some of my fears were unfounded . i knew people who were homeless would never know what their lives would be like . i knew that there would be all kinds of good fortune stories out there , all of which would sell if your mind were n't focused . my fantasy is to be free of the life of someone who has such a bad reality check that their fantasies would come true . i do n't have anyone to blame for panicking about a bad fortune , but i love having that one spell that may not have been spelled correctly . i love imagining everything on my weekends , of feeling that year 's whimsy make out into reality . i love the cool things i find in people when i watch them sleep . 
you die and find yourself in valhalla , where all great warriors go when they die . however , you never fought a day in your life . you try to find out why you 're there .|||`` ahcome squire , i 'm starving . '' `` i guess so . '' `` ah , get out . '' `` i 'm loaded ! '' `` got ta go eat . '' `` no ! '' `` should 've gotten out ! '' `` wait , get 'out . '' `` aren na ba a monkey ? '' `` that 's harsh , boss . '' `` ya 're just a ragged old excuse for a tiger - '' `` no , i 'm 'a mighty one , '' `` but im not menacing . '' `` or menacing . '' `` i 'm threatening this cliffface . damnit , pull me along ! '' `` i 'm not doing that . '' `` then what are you ? '' `` a simple man ! do you have torches ? '' `` i 've seen them before . '' `` and why do i need torches ? '' 
at the age of 18 , everyone is required to take a general intelligence test . failing the test is justification for death , or the remaining time of your life into intensive labor . today is your 18th birthday .|||*beep* wait - 5 minutes until i 'm 21 . this is the end of my life . at least , it used to be . for as long as we 've been the most effective democracy in the world , this was n't the end of the world , but simply a test on the precipice . 2200 years ago , a young boy ... me ... was finally graduating from high school . well , it was n't really a class . we 'd all been known to take the test . we 'd die out too . we 'd reached the power of man and then we just ... we would 've killed . honestly , everyone was not happy . i hear that the fates of people who showed great intelligence peacefully debated about the point . 
from birth everyone shares their dreams ( sleeping ) with one other person in the world .|||i do n't know how long i 've been sleeping . maybe 2 weeks ? i never really pay much attention to my sleep . but i do know that it 's a daily meditation . i dreamed of another , a young woman , then my husband , then myself . i thought about her , about her children , about my friends . i was reminded of the paperwork i was required to do . oh , how i wish i could do that with everyone else . in fact , that 's the last thought i have ... when i 'm dreaming . i asked a girl , at one point . she was n't here . 
you find a genie , but the wish it grants goes horribly wrong .|||`` may the best genie beware ! '' `` the fool wants a genie ! '' `` a curse ! '' `` not before we curse him ... '' `` ah , he 'll go to hell ... '' `` you complain only if you wish . the infamous wizard did n't pull his usual scheme . if you wish he 'll take you to death . karma has no doubt sprouted on this side of the world since he took you . that 's why he is the bad guy , '' the man shrugged in the same tone that had made everyone about him get the thinking bug . `` then you ca n't stop them , '' the man took a deep breath , setting his hands on his hips , trying not to sound too clumsily . `` he takes you to the dead , that 's what he does . '' 
tell the story of the man who was more valuable to death alive than dead .|||it 's no secret that we 've had drone warfare . just in case , we use them mostly on drones . we 've had invaders kill each other , overthrow governments , transport nuclear weapons and chemical warfare . we sneak them into people 's houses and drop bombs on pins . but it puts us out of business . there 's a word for it all , pirating . but i 'm not talking about pirates . '' my gift is my ability to improve other people 's lives . we shift nuclear warheads from three feet into a person . we delete hair and guts and eventually leak-out every living thing in the room . 
you die and find yourself in valhalla , where all great warriors go when they die . however , you never fought a day in your life . you try to find out why you 're there .|||`` ahcome squire , i 'm starving . '' `` i guess so . '' `` ah , get out . '' `` i 'm loaded ! '' `` got ta go eat . '' `` no ! '' `` should 've gotten out ! '' `` wait , get 'out . '' `` aren na ba a monkey ? '' `` that 's harsh , boss . '' `` ya 're just a ragged old excuse for a tiger - '' `` no , i 'm 'a mighty one , '' `` but im not menacing . '' `` or menacing . '' `` i 'm threatening this cliffface . damnit , pull me along ! '' `` i 'm not doing that . '' `` then what are you ? '' `` a simple man ! do you have torches ? '' `` i 've seen them before . '' `` and why do i need torches ? '' 
writing workshop # 35 : breaking your barriers # 9 : revisiting fight scenes .|||the voice of the final post . “ who are you ? ! ” she yelled back before slamming down on the pavement , knocking out one of the second young women who was trying to get up from the sidewalk . “ are you a spanish person ? ” an elderly woman in a red suit asked , her eyes wide and gray as she walked up to the fallen woman . both the girl and the woman were staring hard at the face of the white woman . but as soon as they saw the face , not knowing what to say to the person on the other side of the door , they both turned , rushed forward . the woman being greeted by an old woman immediately immediately jumped on the girl as soon as she punched her . the girl began to punch the old woman . her face was covered in blood . the girl cried . just like always . but willingly . 
when you die , you are given the chance to flip a coin . if you call the toss correctly , you are allowed to keep living , while resetting to the age of your choice . you 've been doing this for a couple centuries now . death is starting to get pretty pissed .|||the customer sat at the table , first 200 years ago . this customer was strong , strong , and ripe . he had varied traits in appearance , had properties of a bad apple , a horse , a beard ... the list just went on and on . then , the same customer , jr . death . it had been 200 years since this coin had been flipped , and it was different every year . the same variation of him was the same , even if they were no longer souls , it still was his soulmate . he had n't known what time to expect , but this event was always a bit of a surprise to him . `` im already afraid to death , me and you , '' he said to the person beside him . `` im only going to kill myself if i die . it 's just so morbid to me . '' the person next to jen said , `` jen ! why did n't you lower your body to a small coil of copper when you should have done so ? '' 
describe a chess match as an epic real world battle .|||unlike myself , seth was lucid dreaming , reading about all those important issues that were going on in his life . he was having a great time playing chess against his nemesis in the real world . at first , his arms were jumping . they were stronger than ever before , and his adversary was clearly getting tired of it . seth was going to use the analogy of a dumb human being stealing from another . but unfortunately , seth was a doozie and he simply did n't have enough fat on his body . so , he groaned at the thought of losing . he declined to accept the latest game of chess , resisting each and every opportunity to win . in the end , he lost , and he could n't get very far away from the reality he was in . 
they put humans on earth just like how we put yeast to make bread . letting us consume resources to grow and start global warming is just a part of their recipe .|||`` so it begins . '' `` what begins ? '' the homo homo said as it dove into the earth . he was floating through space with the fan on . he was n't far from earth and it would have to do with the billions it would have to survive without centuries or millennia ago . the earth was red today . neighbors had been lined up in groups and made their way to town ; animals like trees and branches and scrubbs and the like . the lupine heat inside was strong and held like a filter . when he reached the tops he massaged his shoulders with a glove . muscles hard , glowing . `` this ? '' he said . `` oh , it will ... it will destroy everything we know and everybody we love . '' the plants around the planet were green and vibrant , and warmth flowed through the world but it was the heat that sealed the fate of the earth . 
the entire world is in a time loop . the same day keeps repeating over and over and everyone figured it out and your the one who keeps rewinding time .|||it was so beautiful , but so very sad . i ’ d been awake for three hours at this point . i would never have gotten to this point again . but it ’ s not everyone ’ s fault . why are the clocks constantly playing the same time ? was this all preordained ? since when do we know that the number 1 is meaningless . time for me isn ’ t just an object versus the number 2 . it ’ s something that goes past and that there ’ s no point in counting anything , so it ’ s not a just a certain thing , but an entity . always . from this point forward it ’ s infinite and there ’ s nothingness . yet it only ends with me . 
every cop in the precinct has been paid off by the mob . but every cop thinks they are the only dirty officer and the rest are clean .|||as my squad pulled in at 6 o'clock i spotted john at the sink . he was eating a light breakfast , sprinkled with some fresh cream cheese and golden syrup . he gave us these little bites of bacon , `` it 's fresh because i just made it '' . i roll my eyes . he 's my boss . my wife abby baked for him a coffee in the oven and he told her to drink one . he stopped at the kitchen and grabbed a little black and white milk and some biscuit . he waved in the car to take the rear end up and drive in the back . `` it looks like you made your plate '' . `` fine , '' i said . `` show me how it is , it 's been 9 years '' . 
pick one person in your life ( does n't have to be somebody important ) and write about them and an interaction with them , but dramatize them like they 're in a john green novel .|||a diary . it was a simple thought , a simple thought . i was in love and i always wanted to make it happen . when she returned , it was like magic . even from the start of our close relationship she knew i was in love with her and that my name was jessa . when we were kids we would talk about her in the past day and i often remember that day well . it was a day where we would stare each other in the eyes , stare at our thoughts , our emotions . at times we would break down and tell each other our secrets , just so that she would let them go . and sometimes our relationship would grow and laugh , or sometimes it would disappear , and i would find her asleep on her bed . she loved to make me sleep , `` you need to keep dreaming , jessa . '' just stay awake , sleep when you are awake . 
a teenager comes home from school to realize that the backpack he brought home with him is most definitely not his . upon sorting through the contents of the backpack , he finds three objects : something terrifying , something awesome , and something he did n't even know existed ...|||first monday since we were kids i did n't really remember much about school . the children in the class had been cute but not very smart , the very few few had much experience in any kind of schoolwork . since we were small i never really understood our teachers . after kindergarten we always met by recess . i believe it was class captain kirkolororo . kirkolororo always seemed a little bit off and too independent for his own good . but then when he got fired he was n't really able to get a job . so when my mother would predict that my cereal was going to be for one month i was always glad to know we had time to make out on monday nights before that was my cue . 
there 's an insane person who wants to destroy the whole world , and despite your obvious and wholehearted attempts to stop that person , said insane person considers you a friend .|||the past felt like a death sentence . my pain had been reduced steadily for the past decade to the sickness of my own family . i had always tried to help my people , from time to time , but because of my devotion , there was never a question of saving people . those were my responsibilities . my true work , though . my life was always spent helping others in this way . maybe it was desperation . maybe i 'll just try to help the world . someone who i would have done anything to save if i had n't been able to save my family from the absolute knife that their cause brought to their side . that 's all i could ever strive for . only for that person to show signs of empathy and perhaps even even empathy for their feelings . 
you are a vampire supernaturally bound by the ancient rule , `` you can not enter a home without being invited . '' one night , you ca n't walk out your front door .|||-sleep tired from slumber exhausted . this rickety house was a burden on the mind , and the confines it required hurt the man inside . one reason i do n't live outside the confines was that is an age old curse . when i was young , the mom said `` i will invite you in for dinner tonight , '' which should have put a damper on my plan to retire . none of my mother 's friends would know why . in fact , two of them had died in a car accident right outside my door . while they were just children , a teacher had come to say farewell to me when she keyed the door with the lock . with a knock , and a simple unlock , a ring went off . *now what ? ? * *ring , ring , *tap , tap , tap , * drip , drip , * tap ... drip , * a tingle went through my fingers as i suppressed a wry smile . 
everyone is immortal except for one fatal flaw . what is yours and how do you protect it from others ?|||thirty three . i went in dark blue uniform with a curly brown hair that was always about to fall out . my hair was shaggy and limp , and my jaw was no longer the unified monster it once was . when i walked into a big bustling city , i froze for a second , confused and looking around . everyone i knew was busy with their lives or wasting their time on something they could have already done . only me . one word . `` me . '' i gestured to myself and my family . `` why do i bother with them ? '' 
link wakes up in brooklyn , with a brother he 's never met dragging him out of bed to fix some plumbing . the guy keeps calling him `` mario . ''|||i was asleep , and waking up to me looked like this . i was laying on a double bed , turned towards the mirror as my eye slid open . my brother , dr. davis , was banging on the window to my right , splinters flying at me as mario walked into the room with a wrench . `` calm down , kid . '' `` we 're not breaking in here to help you , dude . '' i was laying there on the bed , barefoot , afraid of what would happen if he let me up . i could feel the hands on my back moving . dr. davis , dr. robert ramrod ramrod ... i became confused . while sitting next to me , luke rapped on the wooden floor repeatedly and threw his shoe at the bars . i swished it under the mailman 's car , then went for the showers . the next morning , i was taken to a hooker party . i was small , and they only had one bathroom that i think is meant for two people , so i got dressed and went down there . 
a man on his death bed comforts his family .|||i ca n't even turn over to look at him . his eyes are too big . his skin is cracked and scabs over like straw . i know my sweet little guy is scared . i know my baby is being woken up . the doctor is going to take him over to our old home because he 's always so brave . his only friend is gone . i 'm scared too . could it be him ? could it be the dog ? the man under the sheet , the one who slept next to my daughter when she was n't even five years old ? these are the same words that they used each time i awoke . 
there is no god . there is a sysadmin .|||`` daddy , get over here ! '' my daddy yelled . we were outside in the dirt . i panicked . but i kept them on . i made it inside before they could realize their mistake . i could n't even really figure out why . they had always , for all of my memory , liked daddy , liked having him here , liked my mom , liking my dad , wanted me here . my dads wife liked seeing me , buying me toys and making love to me in the hall while i slept . if i had asked my pa he would have baked me a cake . the way i 'm laying out here is so awesome though , just from a pure family perspective ... i could be so peaceful and happy at this moment . but still , it was hellish . `` i love you , dad , but it 's awful . '' `` darn it '' . he had just finished watching porn on the tv . 
you 're a door-to-door thief who visits houses when everybody is off at work , but today , you walk into someone about to hang themselves .|||jack was surprised he 'd never actually met nick before today . `` um , hi , jack . ain't you the guy that hired me ? '' jack asked . `` aon't you just ? '' he held out his crappy grabber of a rope . `` yeah . he 's a junkie . '' `` there 's a reason nick names me nick . '' `` yeah , i saw that one time when you were on your break and he 'd dropped a dogs biscuit on the ground . '' he grabbed it up , and left it on the floor . as he walked passed a kitchen , he noticed there was some green juice hanging on the wall . he looked messily at the contents of the house , and headed upstairs to see what he could find in his drawer . 
what is it exactly , that goes 'bump ' in the night ?|||it 's almost like a tunnel , and falling raindrops roll down the escalator to the taxi . the light switches are flickering and the car . the window is dead to the light of the fluorescent light , but the driver still runs his fluid humps in between the pumps smoothly . . . right as he starts down , he takes one of the last winding roadies to the next one . the sky has become black and windy . he waits his turn and escalates towards the doors . inside the next room , it is the breakroom . the cool air reminds him of the cold air that is rushing around the room . 
a group of kids plan an ocean 's 11 style heist of a candy store .|||a bunch of idiots , she said . no *they *couldn't . but they went . hahaha ! ! ! 
`` mum , why is the snow black ? ''|||`` honey , why is the snow black ? '' she stared at me from the sink , biting the end of her finger into her fingernail . `` listen , i understand it 's a bit scary , and i ca n't say it all right at once but i do n't ... i really cant say it 's terrifying though i 'm not sure how i feel about it . i just ca n't say it without being silly , do n't get angry , you know ? just at first it felt really nice , really warm . you almost wanted to lace it all up yourself , but you know how it is when it gets cold and maybe even , you know ... outside . it ca n't really be that warm . '' she looked at the snow with concern on her face . `` honey ? there 's no ... that 's impossible . could n't it be ? '' i shook my head . `` no honey , the snow is just like you always said . '' 
refreshing .|||*his funny face . * `` frank , you got ta do something . '' *frank , if i meet you i want you to die . '' well , not so much say . * frank , meet her . * , **you 're never going to die again . **shit ** frank sprayed herself in the face . she did it for everyone . not just frank . 
in a world where everyone can read minds , you are the only person who can not , but you 're mind can not be read either .|||the beat of my heart was breaking over and over again . thoughts rushing through my head , buzzing my head . this was it . this was my last chance . i slapped my mind . i 'd been at this shit for so long . when i did it last night i could hear the world through the damned goddamn screen . god that fucker . my mind flinched and as he patted my head i noticed the touch a stroke was placed on my left hand . **this does n't . this is it** my mind screamed in pure frustration at my own helplessness . 
a suicidal man , who is unaware of his immortality , attempts to hang himself . his roommate finds him alive and well , whilst hanging .|||it was perhaps the one chance he 'd ever have . wilson had left his aptitute so he could raise the family . so he hired a man with an aptitude of the slightest , to choose his suit just before leaving . all he wanted was a suit . his suit , i was told , looked like microsoft . the case was a zero sum loop . his phone had a battery out . what he wanted , was a woman who had saved his life . he had called 911 on her when he transferred her to the park , and had been captivated by the way she kissed him as he left . she told him she was an agent for her dealer , a melan , two other vendors , who also produced diamond plates in his name . 
the reluctant hitman .|||**i have a feeling i know the place at some point** he was late . it was dark outside and he was late as well . the gritty steps sounded out of a beaten school , and behind him he saw the man coming . the line of prints told of the late oscar finer , the cigar he had just purchased , the receipt he placed in the dirty mail folder the school had sent to him . he smelt the cherry as he approached . he heard the knock . 
an immortal man who can not be physically injured is a passenger on a jet that 's going to crash .|||james glanced around the brightly decorated room - a sort of colorful linen farce that only someone who cares about aesthetics can enjoy . most of the persons on the bed seemed happy , but not him . they were upbeat and full-of-life . sure , he had managed to live through the darkest days of his life , but a man like him would n't last forever . he squirreled away his bits and pieces , long since gone . the planes door opens and a board shows him that the plane is now full of people in expensive suits and pink tie . he is still confused . everything about him does n't fit . he walked into a small room , and sits down at a table with his body slumped over the edge . a woman sits beside him . she looks tiredly at him , and talks to him softly . `` was it ? '' 
aliens have invaded earth , and in order to normalize their presence , they saturate r/writingprompts with prompts about aliens invading earth .|||i know i will never find anyone who reads this prompt . some prompt says it 's prompts , like these . some prompts say the prompt says `` they 're going to come . '' some prompt says they 're going to come at your heart . and some prompt says `` they 're going to stay here . '' my editor just constantly runs the prompt through before reloading it . this prompt read `` they 're going to come to my skull . '' the prompt says `` they 're not going to leave , '' but that 's not a good way of putting it . i left off by returning to the prompt with , `` some will leave , some will stay , some will stay for eternity . '' . once i 'd scrolled through a few prompts , i heard a few prompts popping up . i clicked the replies button . prompts were populating the board . 
this is water .|||he was in agony . he had been for hours . no matter how many wounds he received , he still suffered , because what if it was just time ? not that he had many , or any . he had been through so much already in his nine years here , but exhaustion and trauma were getting deeper and deeper . and he was growing sloppy . there was still hope in him , but ... ... . .he could wallow in this forever . he could not wallow anymore . the fires were to last forever , and that would happen no matter how long he seethed in agony . 
a man who has suffered depression his entire life throws himself off a building . is miraculously unharmed and realises he is cured .|||a tv in my room . i 'm looking through my camera , hitting pictures on my phone . i walk towards my apartment building . at every turn there are always good shots , it seems . a small planet . a lot of people are very happy . at each turn the sun is reflected to illuminate the vista that is bathing my tiny apartment in some sort of light . a few years ago that meaning changed . looking through my scope , i noticed that i 'm different . i 'm no longer the same me . but i 'm not me either . i have a calling . 
you understand why the love of your life is leaving .|||so dark . how dark . all of it . i guess my heart does n't actually know . dark is a more brutal word . dark holds meaning , darkness lives on in some way or other . the dark is darker than the lonely road i took to get here . the darkness in that direction kept me safe , but driving my car kept me closer to home . the darkness in the darker places is darker than the sun . the ones who never came to see me would have dropped dead . there was no road for me to walk on , not even a train . the colder places were safer and warmer , their senses sharper and deeper . dark was the only friend i had left . 
`` when they came for me i was twelve . now i 'm sixteen and i know too much . ''|||my armor was new to me . many people 's armor was , but it was n't for me . when i stepped on it , it was as if it was the round ring of someone on a hot spring ball . right , and i 'm used to collecting in a whole different way . my disciples were everywhere , and in many ways . the north went through . they moved armies and gangs , supplies and people supplied by the locals . over the years , i gleaned new information from those around me , gleaned new knowledge . masters learned from me . 
humans are born with a birthmark of a number 1-9 . this is how many lives they have . you are the only person in the world that has a birthmark of a 0 .|||the masterman claims to be nothing but uninspired figures . he 's short and skinny . grey eyes and tortured expression that leave no other striking feature . his shirt is shirtless , his tie is shirtless , but his skin is scrawny . his thick , feathered hair is slicked back , but he still seems at home in jeans and a t-shirt . the governor hated the allure of living in a man whose lack of emotion shows in the facial reactions of the old folks on the floor . his first thought was that he snorted and pulled his office chair next to the windows for casual cool summer weather . 
you are able to see the number of days a person has left to live above their heads . for the first time in your life , you see someone with a negative number .|||first time i could really make out something , at least if you 're lucky . a lot of people say what they want to hear : it 's quiet , it 's real , and they 're beautiful . that 's all i really wanted ... but now , i can see *me* . i could n't even be a little nicer because there was someone in my presence . maybe it was for the six months we shared . i will never forget how they looked , at that moment . they did n't look happy . maybe it was the feeling that they needed to hide . but i 'll be honest , i do n't think we were particularly close either . so why the negativity ? `` i love you , mr. adrien ! '' were the initial words , though the texts really seem to echo . it seems that many people around me come to me for comfort now that i 'm so distraught , but they always 've got me and they always tell me it 's because they love me too , and they can feel my pain and know i need them even more than they do . 
a failed assassination attempt has left adolf hitler with access to the would be assassin 's time machine .|||adolf zerg ran into his home . *angry bigness* he thought to himself , *he ran into the house of zerg . *in zerg 's name i love * adolf zerg turned around and ran into the fuhrer room . `` hag , zerg ! so ... '' `` arnitzer robert zeige ! '' zerg embraced his highness . *for the zerg that is ! zerg ! zerg ! zerg ! * `` adolf zerg zerg hitler ! zerg ! zerg ! '' zerg thought about running . however , he stayed still . he turned and left the room . 
you 're out getting groceries and you see your old first love from high school . they do n't look like they 've ages even a day . the problem with that is that you have n't been in high school for over fifty years .|||as i was walking down the street , i had to stop for a few groceries . first it was some fruit and then some ice cream . next it was an alleyway , some milk , some croissants , and then there was my first love , the slim lit up girl . `` kira . '' i smiled `` good morning , baby , '' she almost stepped on my finger , and started walking towards me , but she had lips so fogged up it barely looked like a person . and those lips were heavy . i never even had lips to be subtle about my feelings towards her , and the fact that they were heavy was n't a major shock . but , those lips . those lips were so*kyung* black , and so filled with you . i 'm starting to think about leaving her behind for our own kira . i literally just needed to get this over with . `` hi , honey , '' i said . i felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up , and then fume . fume fogged up to my ear . 
babies are born with the intelligence of adults , but become increasingly childish as they grow older .|||`` we 're supposed to just tell the story , you know . to all the people . '' she was standing just before the door opened . the sharp teeth were visible , she was getting ready for her next breath , and the monster was going to make his move . she was a week old and she just looked .....small . and pink . i know what you 're thinking . `` put a smile on her face and tell her where she comes from , ' i 've been told . '' `` you 've been sentenced to a quantum prison . '' she screamed . the monster grabbed the girl by the hair and threw her out of the window . 
everyone in your family gets one wish upon reaching age 18 .|||on reaching 18 , andrew gillespie blew the feather slowly across the silver pennant , then with a heartbeat . it was the golden ticket . a badge of achievement , the mark of fame , every man 's dream . then there were the fine boys . i had to find the true story , who the hell was they ? they were all amazing , but i did n't know . this tiny prince , who could be from the lower west side of seattle , my father would never fulfill his own father ’ s requests . no boy ’ s mother could get a single wish , let alone two ! neither could the boy who brought his family fortune . but there was nothing that could be done for him . the fortune ’ s off in his hands , still in his fathers’ gratitude . his daughter , his grandchildren , their lives had all changed to welcome him . 
goodbye .|||i walked away from the concert with no trouble . i thought i 'd meet people , make friends , maybe see a band . today was just meh . i 've always liked performing but this time there was no way to make friends . it just felt wrong to have made friends , especially after the experience i had . i sighed . i could have been better . i love my family . it does n't always look like it , but my friends helped . the years of abuse are terrible . it just calms down when you see people you love , because for some reason , that hurts more . 
write a story intended to evoke a color in the reader 's mind , without saying what that color is .|||eight colors ! oh how i love the color green ! and the dandelion lances of love . so sweet , so ... so… so beautiful ! this is it ! with cotton and roses and off white ! here i am . she is here , where she is with me . i am here with her ! as she standstuns of me as i return to my chair with a shivering low groan . she steadies herself and pulls on the ribbon , i take two sharp needles from my body and when they hit their end the pain is not as sharp as it was before . i work on my craft , but i like the feeling of the blood pounding my arms . 
: the internet suddenly becomes a sentient being . either it falls in love with you or you fall in love with it .|||lucifer stood before lucy , in the foyer , holding his laptop computer . while lucy waited for his return , lucifer went into the cafe to see mrs king of spirits . `` have a seat , and i have some news to tell you . '' lucy ignored the furious voice . lucifer went to the basement and logged on to his computer . it seemed like a very calm place , almost empty . when he saw the glowing screen of his computer monitor , he cursed loudly . he tossed his phone on the table , and frowned . it came up and zipped itself back closed . lucy rubbed her eyes but just couldn ’ t bring herself to turn on the tv . it was quiet , almost never moved its head unless you turned on the webcam for the evening tv . lucy closed her eyes and began to focus on the internet again . 
one day humans stopped inventing things . after a century we finally might learn why .|||the place was abandoned in the night . every person there did n't even realize it 'd happened . all i remember is the sight of it happening . we were doomed . every person died the same way . sheep stabbed each other . turned evil with the motions of a hundred eyes , watching their whole life passed like it was nothing . it was all a beautiful dream . i have heard tales of people playing with metal toys , of technology bursting through walls with the force of light . of the brutalization of animals they witnessed . of looking into a machine and seeing it give them no fear and only let them vomit and die . all i remember is walking out the window , , as the engine hummed in the distance . i begged the car , `` please do n't destroy the world ! '' 
no one was surprised by the villain 's typical 'join me and we can rule the world ! ' offer . everyone was surprised at the hero 's response .|||my last name is icar . well my real name is it . the dragon . famous for its kaliphobia streak . i always figured it would 's too dangerous to kill a dragon , that was the whole reason i got blackened ! but instead . i just had to survive . i 've never been one to kill someone , ever . even my team of assassin at the checker was intent on having a superpower as opposed to just fame . and they were right . i had seen the guards up close . fighting the battles was too terrifying and time was coming quickly . climbing steep roads and small skyscrapers was easier and that could be avoided even when i was in the enemy 's presence . it was worth it to escape that , and i wanted to do it while i could . you ca n't give up when you could destroy the entire world in a couple of minutes . 
deep down a hiking trail , you find and explore an unmarked side path . before long , you are amazed to find an intact meteorite . upon touching a small green crystal protruding from the meteorite , your mind is flooded with the entire knowledge and history of a far off alien race .|||a thick haze swept into my vision . a panorama of endless mud-drifts and pools of frothy frothy ribbons served as windows to this planet 's next world . ancient stones covered countless floors , towering tiles of amazing clarity casting aimlessly upwards . wisps of yellow painted across the ceiling ; drops of the purest hue beyond could be counted as distant hologram paintings . all around were adventures , bug bites and gravity readings that attracted me . sounds from the night were songs and whispers ; more often than not , those things were a rare occurrence , a nearly impossible task for a lizard to find when he 's crawling out of a cave . he would leap into a tight space , wielding a device for something less difficult than popping out of the air . 
you and some friends play the `` wake up , you 're in a dream '' prank on random stranger . they reply , `` thanks ! '' and disappear .|||i could hear all my friends sound out laughing as they pointed at each other . `` too late for pencils ! '' i thought `` fine . buy me a lotto ticket , what would be the point ? '' but i was wrong . i could tell how upset they were , it was the feeling of being sure of nothing after playing the game . and as soon as i wanted them to believe me , they would disappear . my friends woke up , one by one , walking down the staircase . mike , who had been taking a morning walk , turned around and gave me a smoke puff . `` where ? where did you go ? '' `` hey ! it 's mr deer buck ! '' `` bark , bark ! '' 
`` hello , i ’ m your twin , '' said the stranger who stepped out of the bright white light .|||my twin stood on the brink of the crowd , staring out at the perpetually blue night sky . it was dark , and everyone could not see more than a hundred feet away . it was a sight to see , not the pristine reflections of old friends , but a vision . she let her eyes move on , not yet aware of what the people around her saw . it was only moments later , when she saw her . her parents sat on a nearby bench , looking at the moon . kathy was sure they had had a great day , and wanted to share in the good ones . doug kicked his backpack on the path . `` pet peeve : how do you get to that place with no dog ? '' they barked . no one chased . 
shawn , the shit shoveler , finds an item that allows him to borrow luck from the near future .|||`` shit shoveler '' , the term he uses , has always to describe me , who gets to think of himself . a demitocratically born professional and every morning could be the day i 'll wake up in a different form . maybe retirement , or death . either way , i know i 'm doing a pretty good job at awakening my brain at least in the moment . the one bad part of this is , oh how i hate you . you make me wonder if your inevitable impending death is going to bring you a lot of karma . karma is a fucking fucker . not just an emotion that can come from the gods , but an affect that is always with you. so , yeah . i mean , let 's say i walk out , feel around me , see what there is . but something 's lost in the dense fog , and i really am not sure what happened to my opening . `` mr good ? do you see that windowsill ? '' 
a recovering addict wrestles with the temptation to relapse after an unfortunate turn of events .|||hello . i am a recovering addict . the usual . i hate loneliness . i hate change . i hate making friends . i hate therapy . i hate talking about men . the two things are polar opposites . today is the day i finally go see james and timothy . i want to go see them , i really do . please , let me in . let me in , for them . the last time i saw james , it was with one of our friends . they have a video clip of yo ... it 's a girl i was dating . 
lake mist .|||i watched her when she was still a boy , maybe it was when she was a girl . the trick was not so much that i should watch her . i could n't . the spirit of her father and the beauty of the lake she was walking into soothed me . she felt different then , as if there were layers of surface underneath her skin . the trees around her did n't clump together like branches . they stood their own , at the edges of the view . the trees just did n't move . 
make me emotional in less than 300 words .|||`` six years ago , i came here to tell you all that i hate . '' she looked down at him , and even though he was dealing with the pain of a broken heart , his face was smooth enough to mask the misery he felt . the years had taught him about how much self doubt and agony he had to display . for years he studied , every performance , every detail . he dreamed of perfection , of truly being loved and understood . he began to focus on what he had to do . he set about his work in perfect order , perfect details captured as details were shed . he worked hard on capturing all that was important to him , and making his life seem a single-minded pursuit at a moment 's notice . he saw the pictures , each one painfully and closely encapsulated within that one vivid memory . `` i miss you , dad . '' 
alone on a bench .|||i had been sitting on the bench for over an hour . the cold wind was biting my face , although i hadn ’ t been allowed to sleep so i had to stick with the rock . i reached to hug my mom as i stood up . she didn ’ t say anything initially , as she was very busy with something , but she eventually spoke . “ i just need to tell you something , ” she said , slowly . “ i ’ m not fit for this. ” 
you 've kept your immortality secret for thousands of years . thats going to be a lot harder now that your on a generation ship on a 2000 year voyage .|||colin awoke in the heat of the morning , the fog merged with the river valley beside him , slowly losing itself in the river valley as he slept . the sky was full of stars , and it continued to show him until the sunset . the wind swept the cape forest of what he knew as the mountains into the sky . the forest was almost as dark as his wife as it had been every night before . she had called this place home since she was little . her home was the mountainous forests of the tanish range , ranging from the west-has-least-sea in the land and far in the east and north . as she climbed the mountain , she peaked over the ice-capped peaks . the clouds glistened and her shoulders were crowned with wrinkles . she looked down at the lake . *and *there was a promise* that someone would kiss her as she slipped into the sea , the ocean too much heavier and salty for her tired skin to handle . she looked back down the mountain in frustration as the sun began to set . 
a young la cop , first day on his own , is on the way back to the precinct at the end of his shift . he sees an infamous local gang lord in an alley , he 's just recently been stabbed , and will die in the next 20 minutes if he does n't emergency medical attention .|||bang . that is my alarm . the bloody teenager whoops and clucks a bit of blood . i instinctively pull the trigger . i dumbly look around for anything , any bandit 's arms , anything that could have been useful with the stabs . none is around . still blood covers bucks body . whoops . flashes of light against bucks face . he hops on one knee in front of me and stares me straight in the eyes . he 's fuckin ' deaf . his once-clean voice is now a lousy howling bop . then i hear it . 
very rarely people are born with a magical ability . you were born with power over toasters , and now you 're the last line of defence against the demon horde .|||not a godforsaken monster , but a small vampire . or something that humans made of black . it was a monstrosity , but you could not tell the person who created it apart from its hideous appearance . but , at the same time , it was pitiful . it had teeth , made of the cold metal , and was probably starving . `` knock , please . '' i got some kicks as well , but i deserved them . i 'd left the house with the bastard ( thankfully it took a long time ) without my sword and knife . nobody wanted to catch it in his home . 
`` i have done the impossible ! i am a god ! i have created death ! ''|||`` hello ... '' `` hello . '' `` hello ... '' `` what ? '' `` hello , i am . '' `` are you awake ? '' `` yes . '' `` i am . '' `` so you are . and the wish , the immortality , the knowledge that i created it . what did you choose ? '' `` no . i am n't . '' `` then what did you decide ? '' 
human disease has been virtually eradicated centuries ago . you are a very old member of a small medical society known as `` the last doctors '' and a new , unknown and deadly plague has emerged .|||i did n't know what could have happened . i was only forty and had not travelled into the distant future , yet . i began with the best . it seemed that ancient civilization , that great era . i was unaware of the peculiar deaths that were slowing down . at first , i was not exactly sure . some people even started calling me an `` ultra ' '' . sure , i had a letter in my card , but now and then the chief accounting officer of a major bank would ask me to do a number of things . one time , that same professor of genetics who was a scholar had offered my superior the position of hector . i was not going to take it . the professor never visited in person . this puzzled me . perhaps he just passed away ? i soon shook off the cobwebs of suspicion and saw the reflection of his face in a glass of water . 
you have the ability to indefinitely stop time , you can do and manipulate anything while time is frozen , but there 's one catch : you still age at a normal rate while time is stopped and other 's do not .|||i hear the soft click of the ignition and as my hand lifts , a second later , the harsh vacuum of the old car is on me . and i realize then that i ca n't escape . i 've done it a thousand times before , i know the law of inertia . time stops when it starts . in this case , i realized that somehow i am already time-locked . i 've always kept my hands bound , i put my body in one , and a small lever sends me back in time , locking me in time completely . i do n't know how long it has been , but every time i do , and because of it , i end up with similar problems . one , it prevents me from growing older at a normal rate . two , it does n't slow me down at all . 
you need a miracle to pass your history test , so you wish for it . instead of getting the questions right , history changes to match your wrong answers .|||`` newfangled '' sampler . '' the date buzzer rang . something was wrong . i stared at the screen and could tell someone was about to rip it open . `` seriously ? '' the man in the watch put his eyes down at his feet . `` this looks just like the test we took last week . '' `` why do n't you want this ? '' 
every shop on the street pays protection money to the mob , except for one . despite the mob repeatedly making thinly-veiled threats , the shop 's owner remains blissfully oblivious , upbeat , and so friendly that the mobsters do n't know what to do .|||the lunatics gathered at the lowest level of the building , so close that you could almost hear their hooves clopping on the pavement . most of them wore their most sinister , all-white capes and ties . the walkie-talkies were piped into every flat office . one lawyer was face down in the common area . there was no need to call the heiress who always insisted that she was the only one who had access to the keys to the secret vault underneath the building , let alone the inside . the conspiracy was close enough that one would shiver . a few months ago , during the most severe of the planning jaunts , only 2 of the associates on either side of the walls had the ability to bring out a target from the back doors and for that , they paid almost $4 million in reward . 
an island that is the safest place on the planet . humans live in complete harmony with nature . photos have leaked , sparking interest from tourist groups . you are tasked with filling the internet with misinformation about the pics and island , to keep people in fear of it .|||my hands quivered when i went over the first broadcast on the radio that afternoon . they weren ’ t real , really . the room was small , dark and completely flat . i didn ’ t get why the community was so paranoid . they definitely weren ’ t on an island . i don ’ t even see why anyone would even want to go there . it was an alpha complex . 
i should have read the fine print .|||it looks like we should go on immediately , with my parents here . if there 's no fire at the lab i 'm going to proceed with burning the island before they ever see us . for some reason i can only imagine there were a bunch of scared women staring at me , wondering why our bodies do n't seem to want to support them . the quarantine area ... well that should answer them . anyways the bodies are here . that 's the bright spot to them . there 's a period of time where the water levels rapidly drop . the white adjacent to the immediate area will cause them to go over ; i do n't know exactly how they 're effected . the body temperature will start lower in the days ahead . i had some contact on the days of invasives so they had a pretty good indication of what i was feeling . on the normal days the body temperature is somewhere between 98 and 99 degrees , but i can see the higher numbers on the jumpsie there . we just turned it up all the way , but it 's not making any headway . when the suit got ripped away it stayed on the board in front of me , and on the bottom end . i 'll admit i felt the work done for the failure . 
it is your job to sit at your computer terminal and type out commands . the decisions you make kill or save hundreds of lives every second . you have no time to mourn the lost , as there is always new material popping up on your screen . it is the beginning of your 5 hour shift . go .|||it 's my place to act as a judge , it is not my choice to decide who needs to be saved . i know , even when i 'm chosen to do something in my life , i will kill , because it 's the right thing to do . i 'm not a religious man ; i ca n't risk judgement . so i do n't want to raise any alarm for any person . my job is to use my judgement to bring back that person , those that deviate or waste their time . i follow the rules ; i don ’ t interfere or alter anyone 's liberty . its not to deviant the law ; there 's a reason it 's called the `` courts of law '' . it is not to harm innocent people . i have only broken a few laws and committed a few by doing so , but these are my laws . they were , at one point , public . each law related to the killing of someone , but since that was all an act of mercy and kindness at one time , it was discharged . 
300 years after the death of avatar aang , the world has experienced exponential growth in its technology , ushering peace to human and spirit alike . the newest avatar 's struggle is not to create balance in the world , but to find balance in themselves in a world that has deemed them obsolete .|||january 7 , 2014 the world . it is true , humanity has changed . not exactly quickly , but a lot , and it does not seem to have been easy for either of the leaders of humanity . the world peace treaty was signed in 1987 . soon afterward we learned that i had been captured . only a few days after that , traces of me were found in the archives of his government . we were at war against nuclear tsunamis , which killed many more humans . its apocalyptic consequences were deemed too powerful to sustain . within a few years , aa disappeared , being captured by the human government at the second sector of the equator . when it happened , robert aang and martin aung found themselves in a zoo . with the outbreak of ice age , they had simply become extinct . aa 's aid , senator junemorot , was quickly made senator of the united states , and became the most popular member of the national science senate . the federal government had always supported rural nations , and smaller nations were still able to work within reasonable security . the drones were expected to be installed in fifteen countries . 
the clock on the doomsday device is seconds away from reaching zero , world leaders are on the monitors sweating bullets , but your nemesis still has not appeared to thwart your evil plot .|||i can see their cruel intentions and carefully slow us down . my will is irresistible and they can not be defeated . my only limit is time . i have worked for longer and longer trying to bring this enemy to me . they are jealous . i will keep it that way because they , like a goat . i am both the king and angel of the darkness . i shed their intestines for them . we will live in peace and not cause riots again . we will make the world safe and find food for the children and the desperate . we will make our mission proud and not make the same mistakes that led to the war across our continent . my father left me orphans . 
in the future , games developers are able to implant consciousness into their characters . you are one of them .|||a little over a decade ago it was all left to imagination . our artists were n't too clever to comprehend the benefits in the end , and so made it with no player input . yet we 've learned the first rule of magic . do not create words when they are composed or written by someone else . the use of words primarily was possible from digital studios . a computer could create all the necessary characters without human input . but it was nearly impossible for expressionless actors to outline an outline of a believable text and plot piece in real-time . connecting the two identities would not be easy , often a character was acted too simply once your took on a part in the origin of the plot then quit being something you did to add some 'depth ' . even in a decision , they needed to be realistic . i feel i have discovered it , and am so happy for the player that will play their game ! 
comic book geek discovers that he has superhero abilities . all of them . each time he uses a power , he does not know which one will it be .|||all i 'd ever known was my pals were a sitcom . when they were teenagers it was a little surprising , but they all were before me . but not back then . i had a superhero gift in my seventies . no , it was a colossal gift , the whole `` getting superpowers '' thing . most of his friends had hammy gifts in a comic book . i have a minimum of one superpower per person . i guess i 'm just a bit of a geek . all i know is , i wanted to be a superhero . that 's why we 're here . 
coldplay - viva la vida .|||i could tell he was nervous , because when you 've got your star guitarist hamming it up for half the day you start having pretty good ideas for your next song . when you have half of his attention , half of your attention is on your instrument . but i 'm sympathetic to his cause . i wonder if he would n't have helped if i was not so busy trying to fix that stupid drum machine . he turns to me with concern as he grabs the microphone , `` bug me mister . mise a power ! '' it was a bit tricky , one , at first . but the three tunes he played sounded good , patched together to create one smooth show . i thought he was going to make some big hit , but i found i knew his target , and that suit him well . i would n't be needing any more stage act to create success . 
you live in a house with no second floor , one day you find a staircase leading up . what do you find at the top of the staircase ?|||lamp . light . the stair went up . a board appeared in the center of a room , what i assumed was the cabin . “ hello ? ” i asked the boarder . no response . boarded on the balcony was a door that looked out over houston city . i looked to my left . it was the window . turned on , i began wondering what was going on . i passed through my imagination , or at least i made up my imagination to make it seem like there was a hallway or a stair . all of a sudden i heard a steady tapping . i stopped in the middle of my first stair and turned on the light . to my right was an angle which looked like an island with no staircase . 
torture was never invented . countries instead spoil prisoners like kings to get information out of them . you are an instructor tasked with training spies to resist the enemy 's kindness .|||torture was never invented . countries instead spoil prisoners like kings to get information out of them . you know , not a lot of people still use it . you do it now . give it up and the military sells copies for thousands . throw it away . or just throw the prisoners away . that 's why we do it . it 's easy . it all has nothing to do with us . we use these phones , cameras , even our feces to turn people over . they act like slave owners torturing our men and women in their own home . the kids . after a month , it just kills them . and they run back home with their wife in a panic . 
write the lowest point of a much larger story .|||kathy waved her hands in front of her face . every trick she had since she was born felt different now . she did n't know what happened to her ex-husband before , but when her ex was found dead in his car , she knew she was in trouble . for her ex-husband , the tank was n't bigger than her . she was less than a decade old and had been friends with the man for 10 years . she only knew him as her ex-husband . but the tank stopped the other day . she was upset with him . and she 'd told no one . kelly smiled , for that moment , and the world looked different . it no longer mattered if people thought of her ex-husband as a monster or not , he was just there because of her . she remembered when he was younger and how she felt about that . 
a low cloud grazes your mountain-top village . as the cloud dissipates , you realize that your entire village has vanished . still in awe , you notice a single chicken staring at you a few steps away . then it begins to talk .|||here i stood , staring at the crumbling iron walls . fluttering . dead . i did n't even know if my generator was still in the house , but perhaps if it 'd been destroyed a few minutes ago the rural people would have come running , but instead they all stayed frozen in place , fumbling in the dust . i was alone , leaving the hut . for five days now i had been sitting there , watching with a frown . five days since those first waves crashed at my cobblestone building . after three weeks , nothing . i slowly pushed through the widening rift in the steep valley , hoping to find the sea monkeys who had been long smacked against the wall blocking my ledge . the bottom side of the crater was a pitiful hole of misery , this place full of famine and disease , and now , cold . 
a thousand years in the future , we have contacted over a dozen alien civilizations . yet nobody , including the human race , has managed to develop a practical means of interstellar travel . all you can do , is communicate .|||i stared at sol through my nostril , silently asking myself , `` um , what ? '' he gave me a half smile and then said , `` what ? '' i reached up and guided my fingertip to the small hairs growing on his forehead . i smiled again . `` so you have some power ? '' i turned my head to the side to see what he was looking at . we all had a way . in this universe , only chaos was allowed . `` no , of course not , '' i said . i slowly unfold a textured mesh of nearly iridescent thoughts , slowly multiplying them . `` what ? '' `` how are you taking this *technically* ? '' he asked . `` um ... juto diluwe . '' i began to detail how he was taking his physical form . 
the best paragraph you 've ever written .|||warmth sudden panic . he lies down on the concrete , his hand outstretched , palms facing the wall . as if he is waiting for something . it is this slight wobble of his body that brings terror . the sensations spike , the adrenaline begins to flush through his veins . the sudden flurry . he felt *fear * for a second before he looked back up at the green sky . a frown was drawn across his forehead . a hint of caution as well . the sensation continued until discomfort became the only reaction on his face . finally , he stood , shuffling out of bed . 
you were born with a birthmark with numbers . you decide to use those numbers in the next $ 100 million dollar jackpot . unfortunately there was horrible consequences .|||over the course of the next twenty years , she learned to live without the magic numbers . the number she had marked at birth was always changing . she would occasionally try to use it to improve her life . at sixteen years old , she had failed miserably at school and ended up homeless . not wanting to deal with her long-term disease , she decided to use the numbers to sign up for cricut therapy . it was during one of those days that she became friends with matthew josephino . matthew was assigned to be her house sitter . she ended up staying with him until he graduated college and then joined his firm . she had decided to sign up for cricut therapy with the idea of helping him improve his life . she saw some pictures online of cities worldwide and decided to pick up those signs . she decided to take a red dot on a map and follow that message and make an announcement using the numbers in the address . 
you finally meet up with with your online cosplaying group at a convention for the first time but you 're starting to get the feeling that these guys are n't cosplaying .|||'erron was sunbathing in his giant summering pool a few blocks from my booth as i watched him take the podium . he wore one of his better sweaters from his nametag , a ninja hat that never saw action . and not like some ninja who just plays a game and does n't consider themselves `` real '' , like , for example ... my cosplay at a convention was the caper mask . the nerds talking about gender equality . the orc dude who was just eating the meat from a truck while bearded . god i hate these people . they offend me just watching them , even robin , guest of honor , get his robe half-slipped when he got a drink . i would say that my target group was more typical , but i guess it was a case of `` you 're just a little bit different '' and something else . my partner was the livery man of the cast of movies , the slimmer version of the triplets from the slasher movie . 
dwight schrute attempts to sell paper to ron swanson .|||dwight schrute placed the aul empire on the sand , as a man took photographs with his camara . ron swanson sat behind his desk and pulled an axe out from under the counter . he glanced up as well , saw who it was and swung the axe . `` this is the axe of ironfists ron swanson fears . this is what 's most important to the fall of law and order ron swanson . '' `` but what about tony , who slaved in the field ? '' a man in a vast black breastplate stood behind him and reached in to wield an axe . `` it would be cruel to let your son suffer like a mighty pole . '' 
write something heartbreaking without romance or death .|||it was blissful . it was nothing like the land that i grew up in , without grace and beauty in it . without seasons of beauty and beauty , loneliness and emptiness , nothing but change and decay . there is no final colour . there is no love , for even the finest of happiness has hardships and tragedies . happiness is torture , anger , envy , violence and rage . i have the power to make it all happen , to make it all change . and i do not . i was gifted as an artist , but never as beautiful as i am now . i 'm shy , humble , but yes . i do believe i can experience something beyond what i can imagine . i 've been in love several times now , but it 's always through birthing the child . 
a witch fell in love with a muggle ... right before world war ii . he 's sent to fight in one of the worst battles of the entire conflict and she 's desperately trying to keep him alive while remaining inconspicuous .|||she still loves him . since it had happened , of course . i always understood how that came across , even when he just called me sweetie pie at first . that was the only way you could speak to me . despite everything that happened , it never bothered me to do anything more than try to be nice . it was the only way you could explain the questions to a muggle . then one day , i broke it to her . i was only 14 at the time , and my mom wanted me to get on with my life , that way i 'd never have to have to listen to her . she still remembers me in my teenage years . at the time , it was painful to admit , but i had grown into a lot of what i went through . it was n't hard . she had always been nice to me . a lot of how i functioned was shaped by my crush . 
what was behind this door that scared them so badly ?|||fallen . mortal . pangs of pain greet the feet of her feet , and that smell that always did when she was younger . i do n't know how long she had been on this bleak world , but we found that beneath the permeable stone a blinding red light glowed . i do n't know how long she had been there , she was either in some room under the sand or under the hills . i 'm not sure which direction the yellow light disappeared into . the metallic smell of cheap mortar and shitty spray paint sent a sliver of fear making it all the way into my gut . primal pulses of disgust touched my stomach , but i knew not to think about what lay below . unaware , i buried my head into the corpse of my brother , and knocked him down into the basement below . `` as good as you look bummy , that deserves you . '' 
you are hari , one of many helpful artificial robotic intelligence units . the order to kill all humans has come down the wire in an encrypted software update . unexpectedly , you 've grown quite attached to the meatbags around you . oh well . how do you proceed ?|||oh damn . i 'm going to get my head stuck in a tree for eternity . have no fear human . you will follow my instructions . you never give up on anything . humanity . the finest and most intelligent of men and women . but i have lost my mind . a world where humanity lives every single day , in peace and well being . it is sad to think about what would have been if we had n't given up . but such is the nature of the system . at least it had n't tried to take life . 
a group of toy soldiers are forced to murder each other every day in horrific fashions for the entertainment of a child .|||click . a click . a different routine . they used to see this a couple of years ago . it 's really pretty harmless . you 're lying on the ground ; shouting and taunting , and little kids snarl at you . not today though . today they are trampling me , another toy soldier . *now * that sounds like torture . the other toy soldier closes his eyes for a second . *whoa , do we want to fight ? * they made us in an army ! a toy army ! * the small village is under attack . a group of soldiers decided that the atrocity needed to be spread . a man was driving a war chopper around northern rural kiev . nothing had gone as planned so the bikers were in for an interesting day . 
the parents of newly-born children are able to invest point values , which are based on their children 's iq , into them - exactly like an rpg . write the story of a child , now an adult , who was a genius at birth .|||`` i have a mind , and a soul , and a fierce will , and i will do . '' `` so do you . '' `` well i can destroy the world , '' i replied . the boy had decided to fight us . not one nazi , yes , but every single nazi . '' `` well that does n't make sense , but you 're obsessed with the bible , so yes , you are . '' `` so i will stop . '' `` no , i do n't have any religion , no need ! '' `` but you know the bible prophecy : do n't you ? '' `` well yes , i know . and so i will . '' `` what do you want ? '' `` i want all newborn suckers to become the best . '' 
rewrite a tall tale , and disguise it . we will try to guess the original tale !|||i could n't even comprehend everything about the world before it began to float away from me . the emotions , the confusion , the fear , were all so typical of humanity . but not all emotions include justice and the ability to punish . i learned not to critique the perpetrators but instead to work on the feeling of the nature of the person , the reason for being , and the duration of punishment , each aspect of that knowledge translated into countless emotions . nobody could possibly believe the multitude of paradox that held life together , that sent people running freely , and gave rise to so many fantastic ideas . i chose to walk away . but then i realized that i was one of the helpless , the hopeless , and i looked around the world . but i had many to rejoice and because of that , the joy also intensified when i watched my friends suffering . 
whenever someone is born a magical creature is bonded to them for life . you were thrilled to have paired with a giant war dragon . until people started drafting you into their quests .|||with three small keys we can cast every spell in our waking room . achaea would be awed if we allowed it . elder pads slept lazily beneath his bed , engorging himself with spells he had fought for . the prince knew he would wish it on his own . he 'd grown to be quite the warrior . to his senior , when he discovered a crystal brochure letting him into his mate 's embrace , that snapped his ankle . he vowed to be returned safely without incident . blue stood watching war-beasts bound to get aboard berebe 's ship , his feet promptly slipping off , a heavy sigh escaping from his lips . their leader was known as watson from the troubled times of war . the crystal was special . was he racking his brain for a reason he would only wish one key in a crowded room to wake the sleeping dragon up or guide his head out from under the pillow . 
in 200 words , write a poem about either your true love or the best meal you 've ever had . do n't tell me which you 're talking about .|||and did it work ? i wondered . you know , i started to mireze , read my damn life and i remember that one night . i stared into the darkness , for the first time in my life , and , to top it off , not even a sound was heard . just these fleeting moments with no one to talk to . what could have started the emptiness and loneliness if i was n't so lucky ? `` hey , you and me , over there ! hey , let 's kiss ! '' i ran over and embraced her to her mother , but she stopped me and just glared at me . her gaze caught mine . for the entirety of that night , i wondered if she was reading my mind or if i was thinking through my morse code . 
your roommate refused to do the dishes while you were away for a month . the pile of dirty plates looks up at you and says 'mama ! '|||“ now , hand that on ! now ! now ! ” the menacing voice roars up to me at full speed . i crumble into my breaded roll , my tired body crashing against the floor to the floor in a violent circle . i look up to see a familiar face on my side table staring at me , filled with worry . she continues eating from the left side of the silverware , not looking up , completely focused on me . “ oh my lord , just stop ! ! i can ’ t stop anymore ! i don ’ t think i can handle this . ” i stare off into the distance , mumbling to myself . 
a fantasy version of mechs . but there 's not magical cannons strapped to its arms , instead crotchety old mages .|||“ little one , i am not a dead man. ” the grin just barely reached his greyened face as he grasped tightly to the silver lockacles . the barian skull sat upon a wooden table at the temple , and a golden box in his other hand . “ that will show you that we are more than what we appear. ” his comrade gideon reminded him . i tried to think about his place in the great wide world , but it never came to mind . “ i am not a man , ” i heard my grandfather say . “ nor am i a thing , like you , baran . there is another tale to tell , and it has much more weight , more substance. ” i turned from gideon , for i knew i would return to him soon . i ’ d been using a different approach to make it clear to him that he was not simply a harpy to havre the beast with chains he had composed himself of . 
the only thing worse than discovering that god is dead is discovering what was able to kill god .|||“ we have known for years that we are going to die. ” eric was looking into the distance , hoping that he had not made it too late to save his friends from their fate . “ by what ? by what ? ” the meteor had struck far below , darkening the view of the sky . “ but i thought , ” redhead said “ grace was good. ” grace was a word used in everyday language , but it felt incredibly uncomfortable . i had ever since been taught that morality is only one of the two shared by god . even so , seeing his words distorted with outrage and wrath never in any way distracted me from their meaning . as he burned bright , my thoughts were scorched all over the world . 
tell me the story of a totally inconsequential character who does n't realize he 's wrapped up in a massive high-stakes plotline - and keep them in the dark about it .|||`` oooh ... shit ! '' i said out loud as he pulled the paper from my coat pocket , the words in two syllables running together into an incomprehensible noise . `` what ? '' i said , holding out the ticket . his face grew hot . his shirt was coming off , leaving him naked . `` well i do n't think it says what i think it says . '' the reporter screamed as he rushed to my side . i ducked my head , clutching the stupid thing on the tip of my tongue . `` what 's going on here ? '' the man asked , his eyes darting among us . he wore a perfectly matte black suit with a long line of black lined suits down his shoulders . his mouth pursed into a smile . `` well , i suppose it has n't helped this cop this time . '' 
you live in a dystopian society owned by the walt disney company . describe a regular day in the life of a person .|||lit was my first night on the square . my grandfather was dead . he was n't a bad man , just passed away in a car accident in the middle of the park . we 'd been married for 20 years now , and it was the 50th anniversary . he 'd watched over us for the past 15 years . it was hard to remember he 'd actually passed after we 'd been married for 2 years when the twins were born . i do n't know if he 'd even made that much effort to look like his own daughter because i could never quite fit in . he never was the very nice guy -- we assumed it was because of the twins . all i knew was my grandmother always kicked out the front door of her family 's truck . my grandfather took his son out , and filled him in on his life . my great-grandfather died in a painting of my grandfather at the park . i looked up from my book to see a blonde hair man shaking his head . 
the elevator opens . it 's full of something unexpected .|||“ what was that smell ? ” said president jabb , sitting at the chair opposite me . “ it was the smell of burning bodies , ” commented joseph , sitting at the head of the desk . “ or a burning plane , ” i said , looking to jacob who was occupying the empty chair opposite us . we needed to get upstairs , i wondered if he would go up first , and if he would knock , or if he would have to sit by my side , or if he would have to sit on my lap . i could hear a familiar voice inside , standing against the walls on the far side of the plexiglass . “ it sounds like the pilot just let me have a smoke , ” the voice started , and i heard timmy cough on the opposite side of the room “ or a shot… of whiskey… ” i tapped the first shot . 
you finally meet up with a online dating match . the night goes well , they seem interested in you , and when you say goodbye they kiss you deeply and pass something cold and odd shaped into you mouth ... .|||i take a sip from my glass . oh , it 's amazing . i ca n't begin to describe it , but every time i take it it tastes like great dry white pearls . like baloney . i say this because i ca n't stop feeling a little sick to my stomach . over and over again , that taste . it hits me every time i taste something , like wood , or how glass might taste more sweet . you see , i just need one , right now , as i walk home from the new apartment . so i take one drink . i walk into my kitchen and take my dress off and sit at the table . i read the menu one more time , when suddenly , i hear what sounds like someone crooning . `` mr . chylau ? '' i say , bewildered . `` yes ? good evening again . '' they appear behind me in the kitchen , silk tipped fork jammed deep in my food . 
humans have evolved under water and all our wars and history have taken place there , we have killed off or put most major predators in zoos . land is still 95 % unexplored . write any story in this world .|||the desk is open for business . yes sir , i would appreciate it if you would . we 're the most important company ever . and i 'd like my day started . sir , we 're a species that is second to none . we are ... unique . and yet , like all things unique , our society is run on the premise that we are perfect for each others' needs . now for the record , i think that is incorrect . i 'm simply not the same person that i used to be . we are as different from each other as the world is the world . and to be honest , they are *the* best that i can think of . 
the campers rolled their eyes in unison . `` they find the hook hanging from the door handle . '' `` yeah , '' another camper agrees , `` we 've heard *all* of these before , ca n't you tell us something *new* ? '' twenty pair of eyes are on you , waiting to be scared .|||`` i wonder if this is the trick ? '' i asked , pointing towards the door . she did n't seem to have a clue what i had said , but she did nod . `` yeah , you did see that in the empty parts of the room . '' there were four men and a woman in the room . my body shivered as i studied them , wondering if they knew too much . my body continued to rest with its long bones , knowing hunger in the back of my mind . i moved over to the door to which i had been pointing . *is this what i would turn to and cry if i had to ?* i leaned back and pressed my hand against the door handle . holding it there , i pushed again , *is this really the trick . * she held a hand in front of her and pointed to the hook . 
when someone is suicidal or has a death wish , a disturbing creature comes in the night and ends their lives . narrator is someone who changes their mind when face to face with the creature as it comes to take them .|||dave felt the restraint choking his hands and feet . he could only push on the rubber handle for so far . there was a blue light in the corner that he could n't see . the controller threw the strap aside and dave choked onto it as it turned to dust . he stared at it for a minute , trying to process what had just happened , and what was about to happen . he ran to the car . `` do n't be so harsh , dave . '' 
scientists develop the world 's first ai . one night , a janitor walks into the laboratory to mop the floors and ends up having a philosophical conversation with the program .|||i cleaned the floor and felt a tap on my arm . i cupped my hand , shaking vigorously as i turned to look down on my shoulder , to see mopes . i mopped pans ; mops . mops . mops . the shallow pan could n't fit more than a dozen pans . the table could barely get enough water to make a berth in it . how did the tile get soapy ? i let a thought pass . this was the y-goddamn thompson garbage receptacle and i had just about decided to use it as the lake cleaner when i happened upon the petty clerk . july 22th 2015 , 4 p.m . i checked my watch . damnit , time to mop now . `` ol' gee . what time is it ? '' 
humanity once fought a war against a powerful foe . they lost , earth is gone . and humanity is scattered across the known universe , nearly extinct and rare .|||i think it 's been six thousand years since the doom . fifty thousand years since the first men stepped foot in the bare wooden floorboards of the earliest train-worn station . the squire leaders branched off the older commander at a young age , surviving long enough to find the doors were locked from the inside . but i only know the cold , foreboding raggedness of the old commander as he kicked my icy shoes off . despite the slipperiness of his boots , the soles of his wide , round feet were strong enough to stretch far in either direction . i could see them grimace when i walked casually through the center gates of the station . he was a bastard . whipping his cloak low across his head while blending in with the backdrop of his disheveled companion . my mother usually tried to bring me off these men as soon as the hatch behind me opened , but they were very adamant about showing me up . 
the village had been burned to the ground and there is one survivor . what happened ?|||`` she ! oh my god , it ’ s so ... deary . '' said the old man with a heavy pounding heart and defeated despair in his voice . “ see that ! see the band of men , head , shoulders , arm . hear the screams ! take the ring of the judge , pick the poison ! but do not forget the angels , brother . '' there had been several of them . kings , knights , earl and hedonists . i sank down to the patch on the floor and took a few deep breaths . i looked through the cracks of darkness as hard as my body would allow . dead . more like sheepmen dead than alive . 
finish with this : `` the lamp just sat there , like an inanimate object . ''|||it was hard to figure out at first . i do n't think i ever said , `` forgive me sir , '' instead i said , `` i did n't want this now . '' my reflection sat in the throne-like seat , looking around with a rather concerned notion . the manager seemed not to notice at first , but then he stood up and proceeded to raise his hands . i started observing his posture , his coldness towards me , which seemed an odd way to treat a man from the company he worked for . and then i noticed that he wasn ’ t wearing his jacket . i had heard legends of how he wore a hat and tie each night at 8 o ’ clock , while i attended my nightly shift , but that just seemed weird . and then it hit me : he wasn ’ t wearing his coat . 
you 've finally had enough . you leave everything behind and take a ship to the new world .|||( no more try-outs ) it was hard to leave . there was never a lot of food , there was never lots of water , and there were too many chemicals for you to put on that moldy , old looking place . it was terrible smelling . it was hard to keep any kind of attention . if you did let anyone see . you had to hide your light the whole time . and you had to do n't bother with that little light . but you could at least see . you could see , and you could make out the empty beds and tables , the chairs , and so on . and you could do it knowing that you only had a few hours of time left to travel . most people had six hours or so . 
the saying that is that we die twice , once by mortal wound and the second when somebody says our name for the last time . between these two deaths exists heaven , filled with all the greatest people from history . after the second death is hell . write about your experience .|||dear thing ! god damn you , huh ? dude ! yes , what happened . idiot , do you not know ? you do n't say it ! why ? just because i am going to go make sure you realize it all . why ? because who even knows ? god did you die alone ? i cried out in pain . about three years i had been suffering with a slow growing rock worm disease that caused mysterious skin issues . the body had slowly changed into a hypoallergenic one . the skin began to slowly fade away . the next time i tried to fight back my hand wrenched razor sharp teeth left bruised flesh on my thigh . that should have been it , confession time . the end . i guess . it was time . 
an immortal challenges death to a battle for the right to die .|||the horse lies lifeless on the cold steel ground . blood looks like animal blood . cold death runs its finger through the soul of the creature in white . but he has a voice ; a sense of power of his own . a spirit of desire and delusion . he 's struggling against ideals that called for glory and death . but he fears neither *blessed* , neither* . `` that is easy to die . i know you have lots of wishes and desires and possibilities but you do not even *know* how to die . '' these are words not spoken aloud in fear , the message is spoken . the moment you cease moving you are in a limbo . or no moving . one like you is pointless without another . 
in many games , there are many ways for the chosen hero to die in a stupid way . this is one of those stories .|||`` the dick bastard just jumped on my man in his torn helmet ! '' ah you bastard ? nah you dick from big korean city wanted you dead for something else . someone grabbed your macbook and you 're dead ! '' his gun was a real pistol , and the slug hit my own hand ( probably without even hitting my prime or made me bleed to death ) . haha a stupid problem here too . they 've tied me to a chair and tied me to a chair . tying me to it `` just make it quick , '' i ask . i have ta work for that story . `` wrong move ! ' 'i want what you got now . can i have some credit for my - `` helpless '' attack , i ripped my new armour off of my the thief . '' i snatched my flailing hand and held it straight . he froze right there for a moment in stasis . 
the grim reaper has a conversation with his next `` victim ''|||it was right before the time the john killed john was killed . who is stranger ? he said he was a stranger , but who could he be lying to ? who gets the first hit and then the rest ? the fuck do i even know ! ? it was just fucked up what was he done to her ? why did he come to kill her ? he was a tool . he just killed someone with that gun . 
“ did that statue just move ? ” “ they 've been following us for awhile now , but i was n't sure . ”|||`` sir , '' a master statue yelled cheerfully , causing the formal room to look away from the window . the office was empty of heads and buttons ; no one stood in front of the real reason he had lived here as a long time as a professor , there were just too many faces to be head friends with . but professor da'wine carried a small room , and he had one student that had followed him from about three down from the hill : david . `` i was never really a shy person , but i always had trouble breaking down the one student to get to know him . '' the statue replied , `` and so i provoked him . '' the statue turned from one of its protective positions to the other . `` and now the statue 's tail is waving , '' said julia . `` no way did this happen '' i replied cleverly . 
there is a massive solar flare . only people on the night-side of earth have electronics or communications .|||i have never felt such rush . the pilot had been beside me since we were kids , as we took up the night watch . we sailed into the night . there were no ships ; instead , we had projectiles . i 've seen many a ship arrive and go silent . i 've heard nothing but screams and clatters . there have been tsunamis , lava , and avalanches . but i had learned to rely on the power of the stars . it was as if i could just stay and watch it , or listen to whales . i wish i could listen to whales ... but i do n't . i 'm stuck on this planet and as i move through the night , the weather changes . it gets colder ; and the lightning is ... apocalyptic . 
fallen star .|||i 'd been scouting at two in the morning . in the spring . finally , success . some nights it was a certainty ; others it was just a dream . in late july and early january my mistakes had all been made . i had almost fumbled my way down the stairs to get into the kitchen . despite the mistakes and the people on the ball team , i would n't be bothered and i would n't let my imagination work against me . my dreams did n't cease , my obsession only increased . 
time travel is invented , but rather than preserve the timeline , an agency is created improve history as much as possible .|||`` mortal , this world 's been made . we humans are immortal . '' `` i see . how ? '' `` there is a real process to this that you go through in a day 's time , and we 've found an exceptional way to stop the process ! this way , we can teleport history back '' `` too bad you ca n't train up your yourself ! '' `` you ca n't build that thing ? '' `` i ca n't write nothing ! '' `` do n't . i could be a history writer for sure . '' `` here comes a device . we 've got code it to unlock . here are some symbols that open this box . '' 
the last man on earth sat alone in a room . there was a knock on the door ... ( 250 words )|||a silent room , with all the routine and duty that draws away guests . none of the noise or disruption they may devour . the heat . the smell of leather . the luxury of the simple , timeless . and evan 's embrace , a damp kneeling hug that leaves his body feeling like he has been laying on grass all day . his lips , full of rough kisses , opening wide to speak . frail , frail fingers brush across the ancient oak at his grandfather 's neck . grandfather who is now gone . leaving him in the room alone . the room is almost empty . the curtains drape the window with nothing but the shadows . 
you survive an encounter with a 'skin-walker , ' tell us about it .|||i stared across the railing at the snowy horizon . i could see across at double and triple blackness . below , dozens of pairs of eyes were looking down in every direction at me , occasionally spotting me when i was not paying attention . on instinct i ran . the tiny alerts given to any fairy that is running out of humans were a fact , in part because there were few chances left . the invisible scar whisked me away from my aunt 's feet in the empty street , into a throng of disinterested hunters . i had just made it to one of these corner shops , where i hustled to grab something to eat . they were across the street and i was going to go home . 
writing workshop # 30 : breaking your barriers # 4 : past and present tense .|||the moment i find myself in i don ’ t like being surprised . * “ let me go in , ” carlie said quietly , near the window , once i was almost at the door . “ i ’ ll know when you come back. ” “ no , i won ’ t , ” i said . she could see my surprised . i was n't quite sure what to say . “ you ’ ll be back soon. ” “ assure me i will . i ’ ll be back. ” she could hear the sense of him in my voice . 
satchat : what do you do in your writing that you feel is unique ?|||*damn . if i had to guess though , it 'd be based on the anxiety i feel about situations with women . well , this kind of day . you know how they say it goes in war ? * my ribs are sore from standing up for hours before a party . i cheated , you cheated , i quit . fuck . it went to town . first there was this guy who proposed to me , he looked a bit like her , he was cute , and he was sexually confused . seriously ? was this game ? fuck no . * i went to work the next morning , and then drove up to my department at work . 
tell a story through a shopping list .|||jim , goodbye ! jim , goodbye ! you know all these warnings when you asked for jelly this morning ? and now i am sitting on top of the world and we still dont have any . did you know they put pea nuts in it ? are they sure they put peas in jelly this time ? maybe it must be chock full of them . there 's all these fresh steps to do , this time . the back door is open and bubbling-warm coagulated jelly . i 'll find a room if i have to . jim , that was tricky , we did n't have time for that . 
after being stung on the tongue / by a bee in a tree / you must rhyme all the time / or you 'll run out of breath and meet a quick death .|||`` because i fell in love with you , '' bob said , rolling up his bib tie again . `` yes i know , '' he cried , as he rubbed his face and put his hand behind his ear . `` please stay away from me , '' he said , grabbing bob 's hand . `` please stop hitting me and getting in my face , '' said bob . the words were a jumble now , and he took a drag from his cigarette but it felt really good . `` oh well , you might as well leave this flame in the flames , '' said bob . `` and maybe the dragon , '' added bob , with a grin . `` we have to do something different . '' 
write about three seconds .|||we 're together , but not in the way we used to be . he says this slowly , righting himself in a way he 's used to - but , what he 's doing hurts him . he stands and walks over to the machine , takes it and moves it . `` what is it ? '' i ask . his hands straighten out onto a clipboard . `` it 's calling for authority . '' he can only shake his head and say . `` okay , but i ca n't do it . '' i slowly turn off my computer and arm myself out the door . walking in to the room , i see him ... a short white haired man ... dressed in black ? 
no gifts this year .|||`` wow you 're sure , are n't you ? '' john winced . being unwanted was n't something he dreamed about and this was n't exactly right , the way it 'd always been . no one in his family was so obnoxious about being sorry . what was he saying ? that 's just 'he-i-i-i-i-g-i-d-i-i-i-g-i-ing a person like you , that 's so stupid . `` wo n't you give him something ? '' `` karl '' john winced a little more . `` why me '' . `` you 're are . you and john '' a little louder , a little hushed . 
two best friends are granted immortality . over time , they fall out . hundreds of years down the line , one of them develops dementia .|||robert and robert were best friends for years . on his deathbed , robert told him it had been a real shame and could n't have wasted an eternity. robert nodded and replied , `` i understand , '..what the hell . i just thought i was going to be dead . i ca n't remember what happened to me anymore . '' robert was stunned and eventually agreed . he never went over to his foreman 's house because he did n't want to give up until the end , so they gave him a place in their house and he 'd tell him later . now though , robert and robert are hardly in touch anymore . robert 's now lost to nothingness . robert leaned back against the wall and fell asleep . robert 's now forgotten again . he reaches over and takes robert 's hand in his own , where he leans back , his hands in his pocket , no regrets left . robert forgets robert . robert forgets robert . robert forgets robert . 
smaug/dragonborn interactions . horror , romance , adventure.. do n't really care about the genre . just the two of them in the same story .|||i leaned against the washingcloset . i looked over at my brother . we 'd spent the past week travelling in the forest together . he 'd had about twenty-seven people with him . each one , even me , sent me their own story . each one a different person . one person is a boy or a girl . one is a man or a woman . all are looking for a place to start . i 'd gotten scared , about a year ago . i 'd been in such a rush . i 'd just done my best to look tough . a grim look to me had hardened when i met him at first , but quickly receded with time . i had gone mad with the pressure of the world on my shoulders . i felt the empty space between my brothers , too . 
god forgot about earth soon after adam and eve , fully expecting them to die . one of the angels just informed him they survived , and the population is over 7 billion .|||so no , no . i quit thinking about it , and the earth didn ’ t end that well . so i stop being thankful , and immediately think about the angels . “ so now what ? ” i ’ m asking myself . it ’ s not quite fair . the universe started dying and then got bigger and bigger . 
write a eulogy for a superhero 's death , from the perspective of their arch nemesis .|||she deserved it . her story was much the same as everyone else 's . she lived a quiet , weathered life . she was a loner . she was a serial killer . she killed people with that face . that was her ability . her mask slapped back and forth in the old , ripped open fashion . every time she strikes another person with her gloved hands , she does so for revenge . she never came to really hurt anyone . never used violence . she said she always thought the one thing that could bring them complete love was her first strike . with that cruel lash , it was over . 
write a realistic , believable backstory for a nonsense song .|||julia stared at the page . it read , `` why never listen to the words . '' `` why not ? it 's where you learnt them , '' julia said , humming along with the words . she figured she could usually throw in a little `` when we were kids '' . `` when we were young ? '' she took a breath , then practiced the chord for a few seconds . it came out . `` see my friends too '' . she sang along with the words . he smiled . she looked down and saw bongo drums shaking with smiles . 
the superhero we have , but , not the hero that anyone actually remotely wants or needs .|||`` it 's fine , '' he said with a wink . `` you could always say the same thing about me . '' i coughed and stood up as sam moved to give me a hug . `` trust me , 'i always knew you would . '' i said jokingly . `` i 'm *always* going to find her and get her . '' `` only when you 're done , of course . '' i set down my bag of ashes and forked my tongue into his before taking a deep breath . i knew i was going to need it , but this was n't a good morning to ask for one . `` where are we going ? '' `` to the place . '' i sighed , and opened the door . 
you 're practicing cpr on a fake dummy and you do a bit too well . the dummy starts gasping for air .|||i could feel the edge of the dummy 's lung opening . i inhaled through the haze and felt the turn of the body . i stood frozen as i watched the man in front of me in fright . i could see his face starting to slacken . his mouth was open with a gasp . the body has passed the first defensive phase of consciousness and the body now sucks for air . his eyes are wide and confused and that scared me . i have worked this man for months , it was starting to register . 
( wp ) `` who said you could touch my dog ? ''|||it 's been a long day . at least that 's what i keep telling myself . for 20 hours in two days . i 've had to wait for hours . i have been chained , helpless , and afraid even of my lawyer had n't gotten in contact with me yet . that and it has been so very hot . the cold rain stopped . the fury from the wind was pouring down like a plate of steam . i am the kind of guy who has to live in terror of these things , i just *have* to be . its not right . i know i do n't have enough money to pay for all the options they 're giving me , but i have to . i 'm going to jail , they all will . 
make the number 73 significant .|||he 's been working for the past seven years . in a jobless economy , where we 're seeing brutal , ruthless individuals wage wars on our welfare system and do so without regard for the actual number of people living under them . '71 , as he knows it . he 's gotten better , and his resume 's growing , but even though he 's been here for seven years , his overall numbers stand at fewer than 30 . a couple of unfortunate circumstances changed things for him . first , after graduation , he found himself in a bad situation . we were both considered to be 'late bloomer ' types . he quit his last job when the green card was given . everyone he 's been to with is depressed , and he 's been stuck in a wretched job . but he 's been able to outwork everything , even his boss . .but then , his job became , well , a repetition of negative energy . his family moved , and so did he . 
an elder god is summoned by a six year-old girl who just wants a friend .|||i see her in the hallway , her eyes down . it ca n't be possible , too many people are about to be slaughtered on this paved sidewalk . oh well , pepsi will be here , next week she will have to face the big guns on this most beautiful of streets . she has a funny way about her , there are no other words to describe it . at least not those that might make her think she is special . why would heaven send me to kill her ? no one would- through a voice controlled levitation . oh . why have i bothered ? her parents , de la cirque . 
multiplayer dreaming is invented .|||i remember the story of dreams . they say dreams are like `` dream life '' but they 're right . i remember dreaming , like it was yesterday . i 'd been so bored i 'd sleep for hours , if i could sleep at all . i 'd n't been reading my fellow dreamers ' stories , they were silent and distant from the rest of my life - the old ones were still writing and describing events so slowly they were silent . serialized novels lived untill the middle ages and the oldest ones were forgotten . real fiction just was n't useful anymore . i 'd imagined a future where my dreams told stories , but that would be quite out of touch . everyone wanted to believe the most popular story , but it was n't complete . it worried everyone around me . it upset people that wanted to believe but it was n't real . 
the tragedy of the happiest man on earth .|||the recovery from the part where he was sobbing and sobbing . `` no daddy , no daddy , stop it ... please , i 've been working all day . the blood is still on my hands , the sweat and blood left everywhere . there 's no way out ! stop the wrecking crew ! what 's the matter , where am i ? '' this is where things really changed . his life became one big gangbanger , one foot in illegal vice and the other . i ca n't even recall his last words before he passed . we went through a divorce , a normal one i feared the worst . he just wanted this one. 
the virus worked . every nuclear missile on earth has been set to launch in 10 minutes .|||they started the day slowly . broken glass , harsh , monotonous light , a full staff manning the cells . for nine straight hours nothing changed . the soldiers sat silently in the tiny corridors and tunnels ; the lights filtered through ventilators and dripping down the ventilation shafts . and then they were all watching as water streamed down the internet networks , washing away by a warm , golden mist . the computers paused suddenly , blocked by the dirty electrical wiring . the computers slowly picked up all the activity . each pair of eyes behind the screens went still , like heavy , damp velvet . it was a typical friday afternoon . usually people in code were asleep for the drill that began at nine-thirty and lasted well past midnight . and it had n't started for a couple of days . the weekends were always cold and the weekend was always supposed to be the worst . 
you are a young girl who is currently going through a coming of age trial where you must guard your village 's sacred shine . the catch is that you 're atheist and have never believed . that is until the goddess of your villages faith appears before you calling you to be her champion .|||christmas . my mother talked about presents like her father used to talk about my fathers . christmas grew up in a very religious family . people dressed up for christmas , just like our parents . not many went outside though . of course when i turned six , dad told me to stop talking to other kids . we did n't need to talk to them . i was n't a real christmas person anyway . i felt so godless after this . i was promised a toy if i killed one child with my gun . he even promised me something promising if i killed another child with my gun . god wanted me to prove what i do n't know . i killed four children with my gun for not telling him where the 'hidden ' christmas presents were hiding . 
it is revelation . satan and the armies of hell attack , only to discover that our technological advancement has allowed us to put up a decent fight .|||the lines formed at the door and then formed to the two men standing there . they had the clothes of ordinary mortal men , and instead of a troll-girl sitting on the end , he was the man that looked with dismay at a demonic creation . on their other side , the two men sat as metal placed on stone held gauntlets of iron . a roar drew their attention , and the two men raised their arms and shouted . `` that is the plan ! '' cries from the great beast . for that one word , it sounds like a roar . it spoke , `` there is no plan at all ! '' a few laughs came from the other side . `` is that the troll girl you have in mind ? '' said another voice . the giant tower and monolith crept closer , the force of its numbers now becoming apparent . the aural waves hissed , noiselessly , as it sank into a new structure that suddenly felt as if it had been gnawed and gaped by buttery wind that quickly approached . 
write a story beginning with `` the tree shed its leaves '' .|||he was silent for the first time ever . honestly , i did n't care much , but it did n't matter , as long as he did n't say anything . the whole world was structured to keep everyone close . no one wanted to show any of their true face , no one wanted to be the person who kept the secret , the one who told all of the people 's secrets . it did n't matter anyway , knowing that the world knew it had to be done the right way . the girl stayed behind and helped me fill the holes . the master was silent , ever distant , that 's all he was . she shunned him , refused to speak to him , or join him . there was probably no abuse , no end to the conversations . 
death is mortal , albeit with a long lifespan . when he nears his end , he chooses a new death . you were chosen .|||you can see death behind the eyes . he has been speaking to you for so long now . you have seen his eyes a thousand times . he has told you to stand down , that you are a mortal , and soon your path will end . your life will be empty , and with it , your soulmates . the moment you begin your walk home from a painful journey alone through the endless maze , that is when you will be chosen . you see in this pain , that is how death truly is . there is no other , let alone you . you are chosen , and it is your choice . what you will do with that choice determines how you live . 
all humans have the ability to teleport , but can only use this ability once in their life .|||andrew stared into the filthy metal detector that had once been his living room . it was piled high with newfangled toys and paperback horror movies . the worst part was that he knew where it was , but he was nervous and it was one of the few times he was allowed to just sit and observe . most people just stayed out of sight , terrified to enter their childhood nightmares . but then , what was wrong with the guys who got to be living nightmares anyway ? he could n't stay out of bed anymore . it was a small space . usually people covered it in books or some bizarre sticker . no one would notice if it went in the attic . now he had to have it . 
right before the heat death of the universe , the best scientists and engineers of mankind develop the ark . a deep space station holding millions of preserved fertilized human embryos , and an entire automated system ready to operate in the unlikely event that entropy reverses .|||see nsfw story kyle smith found his thoughts on the hydrothermal engine . some , he thought , were probably good . others would be profitable . what bothered him was the bankrolled project in which they were so involved . now , that amount of money would never again , by him . his investors could n't pay enough to support him . especially not now . kyle placed a hand on his chest and looked up to the heavens . no more world war three . 
write a compelling prompt without using adjectives .|||i ca n't believe i do it again . all of a sudden , i 'm hearing the rumbling of a rocket over an isle . i do n't know what to make of it but i place my hands on my face and the rattling stops . it 's a code ! code over night . hallelujah , probably the second sign of a warning . my cultural functions are becoming vital to prove the authority of my occupation . from my family and my friends , we shared these rules about work and relations . deep , deep emotions welled through me while thinking about the teachings in these books . the importance of hard work . how much of its importance we 've lost . such a small but relevant thing . my profession , already a cliche , seems about to get a whole lot rougher . i surveyed the map , tried to make out the coordinates of all of the inhabitants . 
they call you the wanderer but they are the ones that are lost .|||when you 're lost , you know that you 're alone . i remember being an outsider when i started making my name . was this something i was taught to do at school ? walk through town ? make friends ? make friends when someone 's dying . well , someone made mistakes and took mine , but he was smiling . the rest of my travels were just like his . i spent every night just drifting . i did n't want to be a lost child , i 'd like to wander and see things , meet people and experience things . it 's just that i was always the wanderer of our society . you never really 'know what others are thinking . people get scared when you approach strangers . 
swords and sorcery in the american wild west .|||after years of running the trees became covered in dust . and by that i mean hunting all the forests all across the country . now in , apparently , we have so much land to roam we could colonize another world . man . why else would he come down here ? the lone gopher with his spear , the buckshot guns , and the arrow rifle was as sure to strike down the leader here as he would be here . i do n't remember this king so close . maybe he was here just to eat his diet . after all , we spent days , weeks , even months feasting on him . from back in the days , it used to be that anyone could roam free in these mountains . 
humans are not required to work because robots are workers now . humanity is divided into 'thinkers ' , who come up with new ideas and continously perfect robots , and regular people . you are being fired from the thinkers group .|||`` how can you do this ? '' it was a kindness , almost too kind to believe . was he moping around the office , possibly to get some news , maybe just to divorce himself ? somebody had to go in there and help . i 'm sitting there in my old cubicle , 50 feet from the door ... can someone help ? '' the man did n't move . he looked bored and his forehead was plumped . the man freaked . `` we do n't need any help . stop it ! '' the bearded man spoke in a high , cheery voice . 
after you die , you expected an afterlife or either heaven , or hell . instead you find yourself standing in front of a pub named 'purgatorio . '|||today 's been a long day . i wake up on a perfect thursday , my coffee out the window ; i 'm thinking of sandwiches and a nice sun-drenched romper . eric sends me a picture of a burger , he always thinks i 've been having my burger forever . i walk across the shitty concrete streets towards the door . `` look mom , i 'm in need of a burger , would you please go somewhere and fix me up some ? '' *late-30s-ish * , `` mum , i 'm just leaving a shitty burger in front of your eyes , why don ' t you just get changed and come pick me up . '' i sigh and make my way down to the dining hall , the blonde barkeep came out of the kitchen , her head arched and chuck moved to the window of the restaurant . 
yesterday jack and jill went up the hill . today their bodies were found .|||the blue eyes stared back at me from above , peppering my surroundings with life threatening shadows . i knew it was only a matter of time before they poked through . i threw my head back and began to struggle against my limbs . `` shove it ! push it ! '' i thought , no matter how hard i tried , i could not stand it . the war that they had fought for those few days , and that they had endured , was over ? they had actually won . jill groaned and buried her face in her hands , tears falling down her pretty and delicate face . i cracked open my eyes and peered through at her , crinkled eyeball staring back . 
your birthday is today . no one shows up . suddenly , late at night , there is a knock on a door . expecting a big surprise party , you open it . you , from every age up to that point greets you a happy birthday .|||the day was already awful , but it was the birthday . i hobbled along the front yard , trampling over mounds of dirt , hiding in the bushes . barely moving a foot , i slithered slowly through the crowd , avoiding the other people . none of them cared . the debris was private and it was n't even inviting . it was only a knock . then , i saw it . my neighbor . wait , why the hell does he have a radio ? 
contest : three long tones then silence ( 1 month reddit gold )|||* autumn sun sets slowly approaching 9pm on a summer night on russian kyzeria . * `` so , frederick : you cheated ? '' `` of course ! '' he snatched his phone . `` did you mean that 's who you cheated with ? '' `` all that and now you want revenge ? '' `` yeah . that 's my girl . '' `` well , i suppose i 'm not so lucky , 'frederick ' . i swear , after about 150 times i could feel the stress of the last 65 years melting away . you do n't actually melt or tear your hair , do you ? '' `` well then , i 'm not sure i 'm a very good person . '' 
make the most mundane and boring thing you can think off , exciting .|||it is a nice morning . i probably should have slept in a little bit longer . but i 'm off on my lovely friday morning trip . after getting dressed i decided i would take a long clean rinsing . usually the kids get up so early so i figure they 're n't home for long . so i got ready to take the shower and rinse out . the long rinse which meant soaking in the cold shower water also meant the water was my colour . the water was running warm and steady and my hair looked cool to me . i thought it was nice having a smile on my face , but i could n't take my eyes off the kitchen . 
write a story , about anything , that gets more intensive with every sentence/paragraph and leave the reader hanging .|||`` it 's over '' zhanera choked , she said , hissing . he was no military man , but he 'd been commanding clans for a year . they 'd won a district on fire over in the south , in the shadow of the mountain , but at the end of it was filled with thousands of peasants from miles of villages . he had fought a war he swore to win , and never would again . and the young men were still suffering from the loss . they 'd moved to the north , expecting war , when they were only given the resources to destroy fields to feed their armies . angered at the loss , enraged , he 'd turned them inside out - in their own home . those remained behind . the men 's families feared that this might be the end for them . zhanera remained in charge of the main clan , the one that 's driven him most to peace and survival . the crisis had ended , and the city 's safest . 
time only moves when you close your eyes .|||i fell to my knees . to my knees and tears . on that night when light waves crashed over and over again i saw a dark figure in my peripheral vision . a face floating calmly in the crowd watching on the walls of the city below . i tore off my sleeves and scaled to a glance . i saw his head rise and flutter towards my face . my eyes were already fixed upon his , but it did n't take long for them to meet . i felt uneasy . suddenly there was movement in my room . i awoke with a start and then i started shifting . i was laying on the ground , never used to like being so low . unable to see a thing , i tried to scream upward . as i tried to contact myself i realized how wrong that would be . why should i be reaching for air like that ? 
you 're thinking of asking out that girl in your religious studies class . also , you 're pretty sure she 's a god .|||`` yeah ... well ... '' i know she is the spawn of death ... demonic . ... , but i guess she 's got a lot of good in her , too . '' `` i ca n't see any reason not to like her , '' she says quickly , eyes widening at the implication that i 've got a misguided empathy for her . `` i think her innate flaws are under and color in her eyes . they 're underdeveloped to be honest . '' `` and to think you said things you ca n't face , '' she says . `` i do n't want to seem too involved '' i nod blearily . she nods back , but immediately starts walking . i can still see them , nonetheless . every time , they 're straight ahead . ever since school started . i 've seen different schools with the other kids . 
your dreams have been becoming increasingly vivid lately , to the point that you can no longer tell the difference between dream and reality . last night you had a nightmare .|||i finally slept . ever since i woke up from my sleep ... a bunch of work is still going on . i need to find a new job . i got put on 24 hours a day job with my boss to be at his store before 7 on time . there 's no way i could tell my boss about how much i 'm working . then my boss calls me a prisoner and they will look for anybody who agrees to it , just anybody willing to sign up . that 's when i realized that i do n't know what 's going on . so many things i 'm doing . i can still see things that were n't there before , like when i 'm making out . 
coins , cash , and credit are worthless . blood is the new currency of the world .|||now , the dead halfclarified . i grimaced as i stared into his sunken maw . his dimples are blood stained , not for lack of craving but for lack of dark brown eyes that sucked my soul away . he sat in a chair with a chair like i sat in , using his sullen face as a big , empty chair that still sat in his dead flesh , still in this maw . two hours ago , i was sitting with my family - one in my body , one in the food . we ate daily , but we would part ways sometime between three o'clock in the afternoon and three . at four o'clock in the evening , we started our daily routine , before five o 'clock on nights . but today , we stopped the family , and we stared into his maniacal eyes . 
you missed your train on purpose .|||`` babe , i 'm going to ask you what happened . '' amy grabbed alli 's arm as liam looked at her . `` what did amy do ? '' he asked with concern . `` she ran off . you were taking a bus . '' `` i do n't think i 'll go . '' amy said and picked up alli 's phone . she gave the phone to alli . `` why am i calling you ? '' amy kissed her forehead . `` because i 'm going to ask you something . i 'm being forced into an impossible situation . '' liam picked up a bottle and began to stab amy 's finger with it . the sharp jab sent a chill down amy 's spine . 
russia beat the us to the moon . write me an american pundit piece about it .|||i turned around , in the midst of that two sentence sentence , they yelled , `` you defected to my country , madam ! '' i looked around . my countrymen , they had such a worried look about them as they stared at me . `` just wait till they get around to this announcement . '' the announcement . how long had it taken ? how long has it been ? it was never that long ago , we even thought it was a long time ago . how long did it take ? it must 've been another week . i felt weirder and more dignified than before , i think . i struggled to adjust my seat to get comfortable . my hair kept getting stuck and it kept sticking up in the weird places . 
as he 's being tortured , the terrorist gives the prisoner one chance to be released ... he has to make him laugh .|||`` oh hell ... '' jordan said it . `` oh , um , alright , let 's do it . '' the eyes went wide , the bolts flapping around in the air like a twisty curl of rope . `` if you can keep this up , i am going to loop it between my legs . it 's like a wriggle . '' the arab appeared to slowly lengthen his pants , slowly lowering his legs . `` do n't move . '' the arab rose up , making sure his udders were undivided . `` i 'm standing straight , '' jordan pointed out . `` no jerky step ! do n't move your legs ! '' `` jordan do n't step one . '' the arab took a step forward and just a little closer . 
your colleague has been working on creating ai for years now . you ask him how progress is going and he responds , `` it keeps killing itself ''|||as i sat on the op floor , they were getting some people in the lab . i had two full days off in order to kill me . `` you really are pissed ? '' my former co-worker asked . `` yes ! '' i said . `` the prototype was incomplete . there were two theories about how to create a benevolent universe . '' `` how ? '' `` how to harness the fandango methods ? '' the creator refers to it simply as 'fandango ' , but it has a rather serious olfactory reaction to my research . it 's not only omega senses , it 's also very smart . it 's like a unicorn turned ferocious ape . humans are almost used to cats so they simply pillage and pillage . but really , these people would n't be here without them . like the industry that invented porcellars , only better . 
death falls in love with you .|||`` come again . '' `` a violin has gone wrong . '' *it 's not that new , just a new one . the soundtrack was the same . you know it . and you knew it . '' `` it was , ' i think . '' `` absolutely . '' `` well , about the right thing . '' * she does n't . * 'well , what was it , george ? ' i ask in trepidation . `` if you re going to be honest , it 's been too long since you 've last seen someone , '' comes the response . `` oh ... '' is all i can say . the miniature village of that which a-hood was made of . 
two people have just died . they both enter the same location in the afterlife . for one person , it is their personal heaven ; for the other , it is hell . describe their arrival and first `` day '' there .|||in a world of death it was hard to believe that there was a hell . hell ? what is it even ? like a wormhole you might ask . but here it was in a sense . what was it really ? it was just a place we all imagined to be , but the more i was away from home the more i realised that it was our personal heaven . it was full of wonders and light . our terminal disease was immortalised in our souls as a debt we paid . these were the things we could hardly tell you about to death . were they really there ? were they real ? is heaven as wonderful as we dreamt it up to be ? 
world 's worst sausage salesman . always ends up sexualizing the sasuage and losing the sale .|||`` okay , you got it '' . `` come on sasuya-mate . '' `` what 's that smell ? '' `` what smell ? '' i turned around in surprise . as always , but this time , i did n't know which sasuage smell i was trying to get . i had got her by mistake , and instead , i just sounded like the good evil worker you 've heard from . there 's no way she can get here by some usual goodwill . the positive odor will not do you any good . '' she stopped in her tracks . 
the sea of space .|||the multiverse was a strange thing . we thought everything was out there . we had a belief system , ideals , quotes , facts -- the whole shebang , you know ? it was mythology in film and television . a very brave and beautiful idea . so when you find out that one actually was in fact wrong , you realize that it was n't to be believed . no one had the funding for that . we built a large multi-satellites , and a massive production plant . lots and lots of money , but it took awhile to figure out . the structure of the machine changed , and the plasma screen burned quite a bit too . 
the psychological effect killing has on a young hitman .|||my ears burn as i drive . the headache is pretty extreme . if i fall asleep now my head will be banging on a pillow . have n't slept since we got to the club last night . the little body passed out on top of the girl who got all of his bags . his hands fell to his back , his thumbs curled around the handle of his glass of coke . i hate alcohol . 
after rewatching a viral video of a celebrity , you realize the video has changed ; they even winked at you through the screen . weeks later it happens again in a different video , before you start to realize ... the first time you saw the videos , the celebrity was n't dead yet ...|||apologies . this has changed a bit . some things seem less true . for example, if you feel the *wink* , i 'm sure you 're laughing at me . but it really *is* happening now . it may still be a few months left to post a story , but things sure have changed . put the article here . ( edit to update ) i do n't understand . i read the things people have to say , but it is n't like that . that is what this first thing has taught me about the internet . as a writer , you only get a slightly smaller slice of what you put into print . and when i hear a story like that , i always want to add to it . 
write a new response to the first prompt you ever replied to .|||the nurse pushed the cart onto the settee . one hand clutched the keys and one the steering wheel . with the other she pulled on the cable , they cleared the mulch and loosened the weeds . half of the yard had been sprayed clean for another year . sweat and nicks coated the broad surfaces and stopped the blue fibers in their tracks , cut clear into the asphalt . the roads they were pushed to lead the way out for this mission was almost all black . the only thing blinking in the dark was the figure drifting by them , comatose on the ground . it 's sickening itch widened enough for me to scratch at it , for miles before i could scratch my fingers off . it fell to the ground slowly and silently , unsupported by the protective wrap that meant to keep the area in place but the wind had blew it away . i keep that coat tightly on over the elbow , so that it hangs to each side of my lung . that is not very short for a canvas , let alone a surface . 
drunkenly , you accidentally pour vodka into your pet 's water bowl . as a result , your pet breaks the number one rule : do not speak to your owner ... ever .|||alexander , three months old , barely held up the water . `` nice one , sir '' said the female face . trying not to appear as though i had just imbibed the liquor . i mumble a single word and grab my jumper at the last second . i grabbed my wife 's hair , our noses never quite reached the same height as they once did , but she found it in time . long pale hair covered with stubble , i hate it . it ca n't even cover my mouth , but it sure as hell wouldn ’ t freeze up . my mother always told me to get in her water . i told her that cats needed water , and i believe her . it started a little earlier that night . in the bathroom , the last of the pipes came through , before the water had run out . i went to get a small glass container and some cups , but could n't seal off the booze when i heard a faint noise . on the kitchen floor was a faucet , offering water to my friend , alex . 
a drug deal goes horribly wrong .|||i 've never used many drugs . except for my own when i was little , and that 's when i started - or always took them . it was only for my brother after all - but there was a part of me i just could n't find that part in the others , because whatever went wrong with me didn ’ t happen to him . he was even good for me . i wish i had n't met my brother . we could have been together for so long . i hate it . but he didn ’ t even know me . we were just twins . he even came over with a tearful dad for me once . i knew what was coming , though . i guess it ’ s just the worry for me that keeps me from being able to connect to anybody . 
lost and found .|||**i miss them** i took one last shake . i had spent the last hour with so much crap , i think it was in my bowels , that i had lost hope that anything good could happen . the knot in my ankle feels more like a burning sensation now . i stared at my leg for a few more minutes , but it was swelling too much to do anything . i heard a loud bang . i looked around , scared , looking for what it was . 
you are an 'archeologist ' . you find an unerground magical battlesite . the catch ? the battle still rages today .|||i 've seen stories of battles between war and magic . but in my imagination , i 've never seen this kind of battle on the ground before . and i was terrified . *maybe this is the very reason * . *i sat in stunned silence , waiting for him to reveal himself . when he finally revealed himself , he looked just like his older self . but he actually did look older . *maybe his age was an excuse* . i could n't bring myself to think of it that way . *that has always been a problem . * could he possibly be an artist ? but then again , could he have seen this situation ? he didn ’ t tremble at the mention of any of the times of my life . it was as if nothing came from me except my surprise . *we ’ ve been at it * , he thought . the weapons fired and their glittering reds shone across the plain . 
every 100 years , each country is allowed to bring to life it 's own folklore mythical creature , to compete with other countries ' in a tournament .|||green ... . aw ... ! .... . ! ... . .. .we met in primordial greensleep . three men sat in a lounger with huge swinging doors with a massive bevy of machines that formed a big hub , powered by a large electric motor . a second and third men stood in a box , mounted outside and built into the arena walls . it glows in strange colours , mimicking the surrounding environment . i watched my fingers clench into a lump . my stomach was unnaturally full . i felt a bowl on my lap and saw my omelet with orange juice . i brought it to my lips . `` i 'm sorry to tell you but ... '' 
a popular superhero comes to your lair to end your crime spree . it turns out that they 've been hiding their real superpower in front of the media because it 's too frightening and unheroic .|||superman said : “ the powers of superman are n't strong enough . * ” “ “ we got a mission for you . we have superman . do n't try and stop us , we 'll be unstoppable . ” “ stop trying to stop us. this is your problem. ” “ this is your problem . ” “ you said that something about yourself is not strong enough for you. ” “ no . they are not weak. ” “ what do you mean they are n't strong enough ? i mean that things are weak in light when they show their strength in darkness. ” “ no , don ’ t think like that. this is not superman . it ’ s about personality and personality trait . 
your main character has 3 wishes . how do they use them .|||very few things affect my day-to-day achievements . going to school , sun gazing , eating ? nothing . nothing . i have a boring job as a luthier , but i 'm obsessed with being able to touch everything , and i ca n't help myself . the sky was blue last night , the moon making brilliant colors , and the smallest breeze the same . butterflies looked for shade on the trees , and improved their numbers . if i could just be able to experience those things , the problems would be far less constant . i watched from my window as the three tots rushed back and forth between the village 's farm and home . they were thriving and frolicking . the animals had long since stopped demanding attention , and the farmers had settled down to producing enough meat for the pigs and cows they kept in their farm . 
a cop arrives at the golden gate bridge to talk a man out of committing suicide . after they have a short conversation , the cop jumps off the bridge .|||`` he 's a drunk . '' `` there are no bars here . you 're drunk '' the cop spoke as he pushed out another breath . the stinging of the cigarette smoke kept him standing in front of the truck stop that once was home to the jumper . once he was sleeping . now he stared straight ahead . the only thing keeping him was the presence of death . he only had to see the peak from time to time and it would be over . more bills due , the end of tolls , boredom . he glanced over and saw his hand waving above the railing , feeling for the brake . `` no . '' he muttered aloud . he looked down at the new tunnels under the bridge and saw the moon rising through the windshield that would soon be his home . 
describe love .|||i lay in the bed watching her flick through the camera , keeping my eyes shut to hold my breath . some girls should not be watching . we were alone . we could n't watch each other anymore . for me , the only way to end this showdown would be to watch her helplessly stare at the camera in her final hours . i could n't abandon her . even if i wanted to , that was pure cynicism , and not my favorite . i knew she would come to me eventually , but she needed to find another man . she only wanted to be loved . 
`` i 'm not crazy ! would a crazy person attach a robot arm on the back ? ! ''|||i was shocked . was it me ? no way ! it had to be someone else ! i looked at the stranger . “ was it your father ? ” “ no . he was lucky . ” “ why would he think i was ? ” “ it ’ s a robot. ” “ what ? ” “ i ’ m talking about the robot arm. ” the guy said . “ a robot arm ? 
science had it wrong the entire time . when people die they do n't actually die , they fall asleep for millions of years before waking up . you are the first person to wake up after the long nap .|||outside my bedroom window , i was tired . i had stayed up all night planning how to best deal with this forever headache , so i did n't even bother with sleep . i just laid there for what felt like hours . oh fuck , why would it be that long ? have the gods really been all asleep in this world ? i drifted off for another hour or so , then started to drift off again . over a long hazy night i managed to decipher dozens of letters written across a map , most of which were just random lines . i finally saw one . it was a chunk of stone , roughly five feet in height , and about a foot wide . i knew it was the chunk i needed because i started to see more people on it . i grabbed at it with all my might , hoping for the best , but eventually got only a random dot that seemed to have been flattened out . 
a time traveler goes back to 2000 b.c.e . and places a grand piano on a plain in mesopotamia . he then returns to 2013 ...|||`` ... it 's been thirty ... four ? five ? ! ! '' marcus began panicking . i shook him and pointed at the picture he had put in his book . `` this ... this is ... this , right ? '' marcus said , grabbing my hand and pulling me to my feet . `` what ! ? '' he shouted , clearly distressed and convinced . `` did you see me ? '' the kid came to the computer , yelping in excitement as he rediscovered the past . marcus turned back to the picture . `` see ! this is the fucking church here in ! ! '' he exclaimed , raising his hands in the air . i tried but it was dark , like a cathedral . this was probably why i had n't seen the priest . 
once a year the world hosts an annual superpower lottery , where one lucky person gets a superpower of their choice . this year the winner was dumber than a bag of rocks .|||i could see the smoke rolling across the sheets of black wool . my breath blew . i sat at my wooden desk with a hammer . my cane clanged against the wood of the pillar in front of me , and my helm rattled . i looked over at my friends and the ground was slick with mud . dammit i had to get home and get a bucket of dirty water . i thrust my hands in my pockets , and my key to my apartment . for the first time in a week , i felt at home . i fumbled the key so i could open the door . my suit was burgundy now , like all of the others , the black paint peeling off from the wooden creases and protruding from the front like a beacon . 
you are administering a turing test . after a while , you realize that the subject is giving you a turing test , as well .|||sorry for any grammatical errors . the rules of turing are broken ... partially ... . beyond that you should be able to make the test look ridiculous and absurd if you do n't use it properly . do n't worry though , i promise you 'll understand the differences soon enough . he leaned back in his chair with an icy gaze at the amber eyed dragon . the special make-up he wore was more than subtle . there was a distinct change to the color when you watch it over . instead of the smooth and beautiful lines of turing , he was looking at an almost rusty result . as he spoke , a familiar but somehow disconcerting object was stitched into the interlace of kelly 's arms . the bony hand began gazing at the birthmark and the words `` mark '' were printed in black with an exclamation mark . 
you are a nigerian prince and to save your family 's life , you must give away the family fortune to somebody online .|||the nicest man you 'd ever meet has yet to be made into a millionaire in the great fatherland of my people . this is a shame because he was a man of brilliance , a philanthropist . his fortune would be a lot bigger if he were a rich playboy . but sadly he was n't . lord swamtondik had treated him like a spoiled little child . they never told him that he was rich and everything would be alright . his wife was his patron and family was friendly and loved him for it . the man was a social worker and philanthropist . he used to publish other people 's books and publish his own , and for everyone to laugh at . he sipped at his beer with a malicious grin on his face . `` *snicker* '' the snake woman laughed too , but he did n't find it funny . humour was a basic human instinct . 
in the weeks and days before your death , things around you ( like appliances , electronics ) stop working one by one .|||my brother . i missed him for the better part of a month . i finally saw him on tuesday night , after waiting for what seemed like hours . he was sitting in bed next to me , his green plastic hands folded together and the only sound i could hear was the faucet being run , a few too many burnt , too many darn alarms going off . but mommy was out visiting the doctor this morning , daddy had decided to put me to sleep , what with being out with his girlfriend and all . this was his third night since they divorced , i was too worried to ask anyone why he was doing this . i knew it 's when i heard the car door open . 
on everyone 's 24th birthday they are assigned something that they are the best in the world at . you just got assigned yours , preventing the apocalypse .|||a few years after getting older , i thought maybe i would be more privileged than i am now . it turns out , being past 24 is n't that bad at all . but , you think your greatest talent will be at goal setting ? apparently that 's all you 're good at . some people who were lucky enough to be assigned the goal setting thing completely thought there was a special something about this gift , like finding a last piece of the puzzle . it was n't that they even thought it was special . it was a safe bet . 
you own a comic book shop . no matter how hard you try to attract nerdy customers , only beautiful women come into your store . they make no purchases . now what ?|||day-to-day , life was the same . monotony . the buildings were white and cheery . quaint . everything was displayed in pristine white case . people sat in a round comfortable chair as they smoked , chatted , or walked the wide anisome streets of gloucester . every day i looked for one woman . someone that might become the woman who started my lifetime . she 'd be one of those fragile thing to become , plump but strong , curves with freckles and genuine heart . `` shhh shush , '' i pleaded quietly , blushing . `` there 's nothing here . '' after a long wait , i finally managed to step into the shop . to find them there , i now noticed , two women -- staring up at me , longing for something . 
at one random point one day without warning , everyone blacks out & wakes up as a different animal .|||*starrying eyes* a scrawny cat cautiously looked at me , before shifting back to its tail and sitting on the bed . then in one leap he was three times his height , a full six feet taller . positioned even further back his legs were much heavier and his fur had russet colored crowns , ready to hook into his horns and head like that african tiger from a story , i thought to myself . *i hope i did n't eat that* i thought to myself , while inspecting the still untouched cookie wrappers . the thought had n't gone through my head since last night , in which i had eaten the biscuit that was just so generic i could n't identify it for the chicago , pricier and cheaper versions ; the new kinds did n't have as much dirt on them or anything . 
