(CNN) -- The authorities who control Kosovo may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces for control of the territory, European authorities allege in a new report.|||"Numerous indications seem to confirm that ... organs were removed from some prisoners ... to be taken abroad for transplantation," according to a draft report from the Council of Europe. Investigators have "made progress" toward "proving the existence of secret KLA places of detention in northern Albania where inhuman treatment and even murders are said to have been committed," draft author Dick Marty says. Illegal organ trafficking continued after the war ended, the draft suggests. Nearly 1,900 people who disappeared during the conflict still have not been found, and another 500 disappeared after NATO troops arrived in June 1999, Marty says. And links between "criminal activity" and "certain KLA militia leaders ... has continued, albeit in other forms, until today," he report charges. Prime Minister Hashim Thaci of Kosovo is one of the founders of the Kosovo Liberation Army. The report names him as the "boss" of a prominent faction in the militia that "apparently wrested control" of "illicit criminal enterprises" from rivals across the border in Albania. His office refused to comment on the allegations. Kosovo's government called the report "defamatory" and "mendacious," saying the allegations "have been constructed to damage the image of Kosovo and the Kosovo Liberation Army." Kosovo's acting President Jakup Krasniqi -- a Thaci ally -- expressed deep indignation about the report, saying it was "nothing but fabricated and irresponsible statements." Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha said it was "based on no facts, evidence or reality. Thus it proves political line of the author, who flagrantly abuses the authority of the Council of Europe." European Union officials in Kosovo said that anyone with concrete evidence of war crimes or organized crime should come forward. "The mission is already investigating and prosecuting a number of cases related to war crimes and organized crimes," spokesman Blerim Krasniqi said. On Thursday, the report will be debated by a committee of the Council of Europe, an organization with 47 member countries that seeks to promote democracy and human rights. The council's parliament plans to debate it in January. The report is based partially on investigations by European Union officials and was written by Dick Marty for the Council of Europe's Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights. Investigators are not getting enough cooperation from either Albania or Kosovo, the report adds. Kosovo's majority population is ethnic Albanian. Serbs are the minority. The KLA was backed by NATO bombing when it fought for independence from Serbia in the late 1990s. Kosovo has made it "complicated" to dig for missing bodies, and Albania has refused to allow it, Marty says, adding: "Serbia ultimately cooperated." Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday, "We are very seriously concerned about the published information." He was appearing in a joint news conference in Moscow with Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic. The report from the Council of Europe -- which is separate from the European Union -- was prompted partly by allegations made in a book in 2008. Carla Del Ponte, the former chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court for the former Yugoslavia, leveled the accusation in her memoir "Madame Prosecutor." The court opened an investigation into the allegations but dropped it, the Council of Europe said, without explaining why. Evidence has since been destroyed, Marty's draft says. He acknowledges the chaotic situation in Kosovo after the war but also criticizes the international community for tending to see Serbs as aggressors and Kosovars as victims. "The reality is less clear-cut and more complex," Marty writes. But the international authorities who took control after the 1999 war felt that they "needed to promote short-term stability at any price, thereby sacrificing some important principles of justice." Kosovo was a province of Serbia but declared independence in 2008. About 70 countries have recognized the declaration, but Serbia does not, and international organizations including the United Nations and European Union continue to have administrators in Kosovo. Journalist Vlora Rustemi in Pristina, Kosovo, and CNN's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In compiling a new George Harrison greatest-hits collection, the idea was to focus on the flow, his widow, Olivia, told CNNRadio Monday.|||George Harrison, shown here in 1992, had hits with "My Sweet Lord" and "All Those Years Ago," among others. "It's a collection that spans his career, and we put them together in a way we thought they would just kind of flow, you know, musically, into one another," she said of "Let It Roll: Songs by George Harrison," out Tuesday. "But, it's all George, you know." In 1970, the Beatles broke up. Harrison burst out of the palace with "All Things Must Pass," a monster three-record set that featured friends like Eric Clapton, Leon Russell and former bandmate Ringo Starr. Critics and fans agree the album is among the best solo offerings from a former Fab. Although five cuts from "All Things" got the nod on this package -- the title track, "Isn't it a Pity," "What is Life," "The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp" and, of course, "My Sweet Lord" -- this look back displays Harrison's solo work throughout his career. The 19-cut CD extends all the way through "Brainwashed," his final album, featuring that album's chirpy "Any Road" and the hypnotic instrumental "Marwa Blues." The Beatles are present too. Three live Harrison songs from "The Concert for Bangladesh" -- "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," "Something" and "Here Comes the Sun" -- sound as good today as they did on that August date in 1971 at Madison Square Garden. And, of course, his bouncy, tongue-in-cheek "When We Was Fab," from his 1987 release "Cloud Nine," shows Harrison looking back without anger. "I think that there is an underlying thread that he always expressed, always a bit of humor, always a bit of longing," said Olivia Harrison. "You know, I don't like to overuse the word spirituality, but, you know, he was interested in things not of this world." Harrison is a two-time inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, once as a Beatle and once as a solo artist.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 600,000 coffeemakers are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada due to an apparent brewing malfunction that can release a gusher of steaming water and grounds. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, officials said.|||The Consumer Product Safety Commission said in a statement that a buildup of steam in certain Chinese-made Mr. Coffee Single Cup Brewing System models can force open the brewing chamber and spew the contents. Importer Sunbeam Products Inc., doing business as Jarden Consumer Solutions based in Boca Raton, Florida, said it had received 164 reports of the malfunction and claims of 61 burn-related injuries. The coffeemaker priced between $60 and $80 comes in black with silver, red or white trim. It is 11 inches tall and has a Brew Now/Off button and a removable drip tray. The consumer agency said the water tank is on top of the unit toward the back. The model number is printed on the bottom of the brewer. The coffeemaker was manufactured in China and sold from September 2010 through August 2012 nationwide at a number of stores including Bed Bath and Beyond, JC Penney, Kmart, Target and Walmart. Consumers who have the brewer should stop using it and contact Jarden Consumer Solutions for instructions on obtaining a free replacement. The models in the recall include:. BVMC-KG1. BVMC-KG1A-001. BVMC-KG1-WM-001. BVMC-KG1-001. BVMC-KG1-BEA. BVMC-KG1R-001. BVMC-KG1-044. BVMC-KG1BP-PAL. BVMC-KG1R-006. BVMC-KG1A. BVMC-KG1-WM. BVMC-KG1W-001.
(CNN) -- The rush to be the first kid on the block with the latest iPhone is on.|||At midnight on Thursday, the new iPhone 5 became available for pre-order online through the Apple, Verizon, Sprint and AT&T sites. On Friday, major online outlets had already moved their estimated shipping dates back, indicating a large volume of orders or limited supply of iPhones ready to ship next Friday, September 21. In the U.S., Apple says new iPhones pre-ordered online now will ship in two to three weeks. AT&T is estimating that all versions of the iPhone 5 -- black and white; 16GB, 32GB and 64GB -- will start shipping in 14 to 21 business days, which is the first week of October. Verizon is listing its delivery date as Friday, September 28. As of this writing, Sprint was the only outlet still posting the September 21 shipping date, and that was only for the two larger models. The 16GB iPhone 5's shipping date is listed as "up to two weeks." Hands on with the new iPhone 5. The shipping times began shifting back just an hour after the phones first became available, according to the MacRumors blog. Apple and other outlets are not yet sharing numbers for how many units have been pre-ordered. A Verizon spokesperson told CNN only that "Dates are based on order volumes so customers have a realistic expectation as to when they will get their new iPhone 5." An Apple spokesperson told AllThingsD that the company was "blown away" by the response. Eager iPhone fans who simply must get an iPhone on day-one might have better luck with one of the stores offering in-store pre-orders. Best Buy isn't taking orders for the iPhone 5 online before its Sept 21 launch, but customers can go into a Best Buy location to pre-pay for the device and return to pick it up on launch day. The advanced difficulty level -- standing up, getting dressed, leaving the house, commuting to a Best Buy -- might mean less competition for pre-order units. A Best Buy in San Francisco had between 40 and 50 people walk in and pre-order the iPhone 5 on Friday. Walmart is offering in-store pre-orders for the first time, Bloomberg reported, but it appears the retail giant is only selling the 16GB iPhone 5, not the larger capacity versions. There's also the often overlooked Radio Shack. Radio Shack locations are taking pre-orders in person, but the locations usually only get a small number of units on the first day. Target typically carries the iPhone, but at this time the site makes no mention of the iPhone 5. The iPhone 4S is still listed as available. A final option is to wait in line on September 21 to buy a unit. iPhone launch days tend to draw lines of enthusiastic Apple fans to Apple stores around the country, many camping out overnight. Some entrepreneurial types offer their line-standing services on Craigslist, making as much as a few hundred dollars holding the spot for someone else.
(CNN) -- Garth Brooks, one of the biggest country stars of all time, said Thursday he is coming out of retirement after nine years away from the music business, and will start a concert engagement in Las Vegas.|||Garth Brooks performs during inaugural festivities in Washington in January. Brooks made the announcement at a press conference at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, Tennessee, followed later in the day by a second press conference at the Wynn Las Vegas hotel after flying an entourage of media from Nashville. At the Wynn, he announced he had agreed to a "series of special engagements," as a press release phrased it. How it came about depended who you asked. "Steve asked me to come out here," Brooks, wearing his traditional black cowboy hat, told the audience of reporters in Las Vegas, as he sat next to casino owner Steve Wynn on an auditorium stage. (Earlier, Wynn said Brooks had approached him.) Brooks sampled a room Wynn had suggested, putting on a show for more than 1,000 people, and said he was unsure about settling in for a long-term arrangement. "I told him he couldn't afford me -- I was wrong," Brooks said.  Watch Brooks talk about his decision to come out of retirement ». Brooks has three daughters -- 17, 15 and 13 -- to whom he's devoted, and he told Wynn he wanted to make sure he was home in Oklahoma to be with his children until the last one graduates from high school. So Wynn got Brooks a plane; the singer will work one show Fridays, two shows on Saturdays and one Sundays, and be back home for Monday morning. "Did I tell you about the plane?" Brooks asked, more than once, when reporters inquired how he would pull things off. The Vegas engagement is not a kickoff to a tour, according to spokeswoman Nancy Seltzer. "If he tours again, it still won't be until his youngest goes to college," Seltzer told CNN via text message. Brooks stressed that situation at the press conference. He won't be recording new albums or touring, he said: "The only place you'll see me is here." Brooks, 47, was one of country's biggest stars in the 1990s. His albums, including "Ropin' the Wind," "The Chase" and "In Pieces," sold in excess of 100 million copies, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Brooks also was renowned for his concerts, which were energetic affairs in which he drove himself and his band hard. Brooks has had his missteps, most notably a 1999 concept album credited to an alter ego rock singer, Chris Gaines. Though the album received positive reviews, his traditional audience didn't know what to make of it, and the rock audience didn't respond. A film about the life of Chris Gaines was shelved. Brooks announced his retirement in 2000, saying he wanted to spend more time with his family. His last album of new material, "Scarecrow," came out in 2001, though he's lent his voice to occasional tribute singles and concerts, including a performance for President Obama's inauguration festivities this year. Brooks is married to fellow country singer Trisha Yearwood, whom he wed in 2005. Brooks will work at the Wynn Las Vegas 15 weekends a year. Every three months or so, Brooks said, he'll make a decision about continuing and exactly which weekends. "As innocent and as simple as this business can be, is what this deal is," Brooks said. Tickets will cost $125 a seat, Wynn said. The first show will be December 11. Tickets go on sale October 24. CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- America faces an economic calamity. Trouble brews in faraway lands.|||Superman #14, cover art. Artist: Fred Ray. (c) 1941 DC Comics. All rights reserved. Sound familiar? More than 70 years ago, the very first superheroes debuted in the dire times of the Great Depression and the early years of World War II. Their names became legend -- Superman, Batman (or, as he was then known, the Bat-Man), Wonder Woman, Captain America -- and they're still with us today. A new exhibit at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles celebrates these icons from the Golden Age of Comic Books. Through a collection of rare original artwork and comics, the exhibit explores how a group of mostly Jewish artists created the costumed heroes who came to symbolize the hopes of a beleaguered nation. "In the 1930s, the American Dream had become a nightmare, and I think comic books and superheroes in particular provided an escapist form of entertainment that allowed the American public to go into a fantasy world where all the ills of the world were righted by these larger-than-life heroes," says Erin Clancy, a curator at the Skirball.  Watch a tour of the exhibit ». Guest curator Jerry Robinson not only organized the exhibit, he's a part of it. The comic book pioneer created Batman's arch-enemy, The Joker, and named the caped crusader's sidekick Robin. (Success has many fathers, of course: Bob Kane, credited with creating Batman, has long disputed elements of Robinson's creation stories.) "We were just emerging from the Depression," Robinson recalls. "Superman started in 1938. Batman started in 1939. So, we were just recovering." Robinson says the villains changed with the times. "The first villains in the comic books were hijackers, embezzlers, bank robbers. It was the era of Pretty Boy Floyd and so forth. Once the war came along, we felt a need for more patriotic heroes to fight Hitler. "In fact," he adds, "Hitler banned American comics, at least Superman and superheroes. He said they were Jewish. Little did he know that the creators were actually Jewish. ... Hitler banned American comics, except one: Mickey Mouse, which was his favorite." One of the highlights of the collection is Robinson's original sketch for The Joker. "My first thought was that a villain who had a sense of humor would be different and memorable," he says. "So, I'm thinking of a name for a villain that has a sense of humor. I thought of 'The Joker' as a name, and as soon as I thought that, I associate it with the playing card, as my family had a tradition of champion playing; my brother was a contract champion bridge player. There were always cards around the house. "So I searched, and luckily it had the typical image of the joker, which came out of a tradition in Europe. This was an important element. Throughout history, we had court jesters, clowns, and so this was an iconic image that was also very useful." In our own times, the public is turning to costumed heroes again in record numbers. Movies based on comic books are box office leaders; comic books themselves remain a strong and growing industry. "I think the comic book superhero came out of a context in which the political, social and economic realties were a little tough," Clancy says, "and we can certainly relate to those realities now in our own day. I think the resurgence of popularity of superheroes can be attributed to that." Last year, audiences made "The Dark Knight" the second-highest grossing film of all time. The late Heath Ledger, who won a best supporting actor Oscar for his performance as The Joker in that film, spoke with Robinson before he died. "I was flattered to hear from him that he based the whole concept of The Joker's persona and rationale on our first concept of The Joker," Robinson says. With the box office success of "The Dark Knight" and "Iron Man" -- plus comic book-inspired films like "The First Avenger: Captain America," "The Avengers" and "Thor" in development -- it looks like superheroes will continue to inspire. "I think heroes are back," Robinson says. "I think you can almost chart it. The times are not so good -- we're looking for heroes." All images and characters copyright DC Comics. DC Comics, like CNN, is a unit of Time Warner.
Some Pennsylvania residents who live near a Chevron natural gas well that exploded, killing a worker, are getting compensation of sorts from the corporation.|||Free pizza and sodas. Chevron is dispensing 100 gift certificates for pizza and soft drinks to those in the area of Greene County where the February 11 explosion sparked a fire that burned for four days. An employee at Bobtown Pizza confirmed the corporation's order of gift certificates. The cause of the explosion is still unknown, according to Jeff Rhodes, Greene County 911 Emergency Coordinator. The blast killed a worker and injured another, and although the fire is out gas and heat are still being emitted into the atmosphere, Rhodes said. Chevron's edible outreach is not sitting well with some recipients. "Worst apology ever: Sorry our fracking well exploded. Here's a free pizza," one angry Twitter user wrote Tuesday. "Nice community relations: if you are frightened by fire and explosion, relax, have a pizza!" another tweet stated. One resident who said he wished to remain anonymous because of Chevron's strong presence in the area told CNN that he received a certificate on Sunday while he and his family were out. He said it was the first and last time they had heard from Chevron regarding the incident. "It felt like a huge slap in the face," the resident told CNN. "I do not feel that they've addressed anything. I haven't even called their hotline yet because I'm just too upset. A pizza coupon? I mean come on!" In a statement to CNN, Chevron stated that the corporation "offered a token of appreciation" to neighbors who were affected by the events. A letter also accompanied the gift certificates, according to CNN affiliate KDKA, with the letter stating, "Chevron recognizes the effect this has had on the community. We value being a responsible member of this community and will continue to strive to achieve incident-free operations. We are committed to taking action to safeguard our neighbors, our employees, our contractors and the environment." "We appreciate the strong support we have received from nearby residents as we work to respond to this incident in a safe manner," the Chevron statement said. The resident who spoke to CNN said he plans to move his family as a result of the incident. "We're moving as soon as we can. That's not their only well near our house. It's just not safe,"  he said. In an update published Tuesday on its website, Chevron said the situation at the well "remains serious and teams are working around the clock to safely approach and shut the well."
Zachary Quinto opened up for the first time about his relationship with "Glee" and "Boss" star Jonathan Groff in Out magazine's October issue. While declining to give specifics, he said, "I'm incredibly happy, I'm incredibly lucky."|||Quinto also spoke of his decision to come out last year. "I thought about it as coming out from behind the wall," Quinto told the magazine. "Walls now are only as high or as thick or as strong as we allow them to be." Later, he further explains, "One of the defining conversations that I had with myself was that absolutely no good can come from me staying quiet about [my sexuality]. Literally, no good can come from it. But if I take the step to make the acknowledgment and be honest, so much good could potentially come from it." The feature also touched on Quinto's increasingly public political preferences. As anyone who follows Quinto on Twitter is already aware, the "American Horror Story" star is very politically active. He talked with Out about how important he felt the upcoming Presidential election is. "It boggles my mind that there are so many extreme Christian organizations that are adopting a stance against homosexuality with such a vitriol and hatred and targeted aggression that goes against the tenets of the Christian faith," he said. "The hatred that people are leading with in this discussion is really, for me, the biggest symptom of how sick we are." See the full article at EW.com.
(CNN) -- Just like some U.S. officials looking into the mystery, the man who captured video of an apparent fireball plunging from the sky over Texas on Sunday is perplexed about what it was.|||Video captured in Austin, Texas, shows a meteor-like object in the sky Sunday morning. "I don't know what I saw in the sky. It was something burning and falling really fast," Eddie Garcia, a videographer for News 8 Austin, told CNN Monday. "I'm looking in the viewfinder and I see, just, something flying through the sky. And it kind of looks like it could be dust, it could be something, and then I look up and, no, it was something burning in the sky," he said. "And you know, this is something that you see at night clearly during a meteor shower or something like that, but you don't see something like that during the day." Authorities in Texas said there were reports of sonic booms in the area Sunday as well.  Watch video of meteor-like fireball ». Early speculation was that it might have been debris from two satellites -- one American, one Russian -- that rammed into each other in space a week ago. But the U.S. Strategic Command, which tracks satellite debris, said it was not. "There is no correlation between those reports and any of that debris from the collision," command spokeswoman Maj. Regina Winchester told CNN Monday. So what was it? "I don't know," she responded. "It's possible it was some kind of natural phenomenon, maybe a meteor." Meteor fireballs bright enough to be seen in the daytime are rare but not unheard of. Two of the most recent fell in October in the Alice Springs region of Australia and last June just west of Salt Lake City, Utah. The one over Australia was unique because the asteroid that caused it was discovered and tracked before it reached Earth's atmosphere, according to the Sydney Observatory's Web site. It says the asteroid was about 6.5 feet wide. A sonic boom also was heard in connection with that event, the Australian observatory says. On Friday, the National Weather Service reported that its office in Jackson, Kentucky, had received calls about "possible explosions" or "earthquakes" in that area. "The Federal Aviation Administration has reported to local law enforcement that these events are being caused by falling satellite debris," the service said Friday. "These pieces of debris have been causing sonic booms, resulting in the vibrations being felt by some residents, as well as flashes of light across the sky. The cloud of debris is likely the result of the recent in-orbit collision of two satellites on Tuesday February 10, when Kosmos 2251 crashed into Iridium 33." CNN's call Monday to NASA to get its take on the fireball over Texas was not immediately returned. Garcia said he had been told NASA may have called him. The FAA had asked pilots Saturday to keep an eye out for "falling space debris," warning that "a potential hazard may occur due to re-entry of satellite debris into the Earth's atmosphere." FAA spokesman Roland Herwig said Sunday there had been no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft in flight. He said the FAA had received no reports from pilots in the air of any sightings, but had gotten "numerous" calls from people on the ground in Texas, from Dallas south to Austin. As of Monday morning, Herwig said his agency had no information about what the fireball was. iReport.com: Did you see the fireball? Send photos, video. He also said the FAA had rescinded its warning to pilots to look out for space debris. Garcia, the videographer, was out covering a marathon race Sunday morning when he caught a glimpse of the blaze. In the video, it appear as a meteor-like white fireball blazing across the clear sky. "I remember shooting it and wondering what I shot, and then looking around and seeing if anyone saw it with me, and everyone was just focused on that marathon that we were shooting at the time," he told CNN Newsroom. Whatever it was, Garcia said he's "just grateful I got a shot of it. And, hopefully, that'll help" people figure out what it was.
(CNN) -- Police arrested a woman discovered in the Georgia home of music producer Dallas Austin, Sandy Springs police say.|||The home, located in an Atlanta suburb north of the city, is presently being rented by pop star Justin Bieber, according to a news release. "A family member found the woman sleeping in one of the home's bedrooms shortly after 5 p.m." on Wednesday, police said. Qianying Zhao of Doraville, another Atlanta suburb, was charged with criminal trespass. "She told police that she entered the unoccupied home through an unlocked door and came to the home to attend Bieber's birthday party, which was held earlier in the week at another location," the news release said. "She originally said she was friends with the singer. However, it is believed that she is one of millions who follow Bieber on Twitter," the release said. The woman was taken to the Fulton County Jail Annex in Alpharetta and booked on a misdemeanor. Justin Biber jail video to be released with his private parts blurred.
(CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot's lawyer has quit defending him against murder allegations in Peru, citing unspecified differences over strategy.|||Van der Sloot, the onetime suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway, faces a possible trial on first-degree murder and robbery charges in the killing of 21-year-old Stephany Flores. His lawyer, Maximo Altez, filed papers to withdraw from the case Tuesday. "I cannot defend this case in the way he wants me to," Altez told In Session. He would not elaborate. Flores was found dead in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot in May 2010. Police say van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile, where he was arrested a few days later. Peruvian authorities have yet to file formal charges against van der Sloot, who is expected to appear in court for a preliminary hearing on June 8. Once the discovery phase of the case ends, prosecutors will file charges and a trial date will be set. Altez has been defending van der Sloot on a pro bono basis and said he expects a public defender will be assigned to the case. He said the lack of payment did not play a role in his decision to quit. "I thought this case would be a good opportunity to show the world that in Peru detainees are abused, and the Peruvian justice system is very informal," he said. And he said he will continue to represent van der Sloot in a related habeas corpus case claiming human rights violations during his arrest -- a case that would be thrown out if Altez withdrew from that case too. Altez threatened to quit the case once before after complaining of receiving threats by phone, e-mail and Facebook. The 23-year-old van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance of Holloway, who vanished at age 18 while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba. He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with her disappearance. Shortly after his 2010 arrest, a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges that he tried to extort $250,000 from the Holloway family. Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway's remains in exchange for the money, according to the charges.
Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- A law allowing same-sex weddings took effect Thursday in Mexico City, one day after the second same-sex marriage was performed in Argentina.|||The Mexican measure also allows same-sex couples to adopt children. Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard has said officials will be prepared to implement the new city law. The Mexican Institute for Sexology, a private educational institution founded in 1979, held a workshop last month for the 60 Civil Registry judges who will perform the weddings, said Juan Luis Alvarez-Gayou, the institute's founder and director. Workshops are being held this week for 120 civil court judges who may have to rule on domestic issues after the weddings, Alvarez-Gayou said. The Catholic Church has been opposed to the law, but officials have accepted the measure, the institute director said. "We haven't had any problems with the judges," Alvarez-Gayou said. The Mexico City law comes amid the beginning of wider acceptance for same-sex unions in Latin America. In Argentina, Damian Bernath and Jorge Salazar were married Wednesday in a civil ceremony in the nation's capital, Buenos Aires, the official Telam news agency reported. Judicial measures had prevented gay marriage in Buenos Aires, but a judge issued a ruling last week allowing the two men to marry. It was the second same-sex marriage in Argentina. The previous wedding took place in Tierra del Fuego after two men were denied a permit in Buenos Aires. In that case, a Buenos Aires court had ruled that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one. On the eve of their December 1 wedding, however, another court filed an injunction, halting the nuptials. In many Latin American jurisdictions, the issue of same-sex marriage is decided on the local and state level.
(CNN Student News) -- November 22, 2013.|||In Friday's show, CNN Student News explains the U.S. Senate's so-called "nuclear option" and what the long-term implications might be. We also report on a proposed security deal between the U.S. and Afghanistan. And on the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy's assassination, we hear how the details of that fateful day are etched in the minds of some Americans. On this page you will find today's show Transcript, the Daily Curriculum, Maps pertaining to today's show, and a place for you to leave feedback. TRANSCRIPT. Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. DAILY CURRICULUM. Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum (PDF). Media Literacy Question of the Day:. What value do eyewitness accounts of historic events have in a news report? What are the limitations of these accounts? Weekly Newsquiz: The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News. Write your answers in the space provided. 1. Who was the youngest person to be elected U.S. president? 2. What country recently made a change to its controversial "one-child" policy? 3. Princeton University debated offering students an unapproved vaccine against what disease? 4. What award did President Obama give to 16 people on Wednesday? 5. What word did the Oxford Dictionaries choose as their 2013 Word of the Year? 6. What is the destination of NASA's MAVEN mission? 7. Who recently won his sixth NASCAR Sprint Cup championship? 8. What continent is home to Victoria Land and the Weddell Sea? 9. Which U.S. governmental body voted to change its rules regarding votes on executive and judicial nominees? 10. Who is the current U.S. ambassador to Japan? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show and curriculum. We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program, and we welcome your feedback on them. MAPS. Download PDF maps related to today's show:. Asia. Afghanistan. North America. Dallas, Texas. FEEDBACK. We're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News. Please use this page to leave us comments about today's program, including what you think about our stories and our resources. Also, feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom. The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well. Thank you for using CNN Student News! Click here to submit your Roll Call request.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Palestinian militants fired more rockets into Israel on Friday as a tenuous six-month truce between Hamas and Israel expired.|||Palestinian children look at a blast crater following an Israeli airstrike over southern Gaza on December 18. Two Qassam rockets were fired Friday morning from Gaza into separate Israeli communities, the Israel Defense Forces said. Earlier, Palestinians in Gaza shot at Israeli farmers working in their fields in Kibbutz Nirim, the IDF said. No one was hurt in the attacks and one car was damaged, it added. Islamic Jihad sources claimed responsibility for firing the rockets. Under the Egytian-brokered truce, which began June 19, the Hamas government in Gaza agreed to end militant attacks from Gaza on Israel. The pledge applied to all militant groups in the coastal territory, including Islamic Jihad. In return, Israel agreed to halt raids inside Gaza and ease its blockade. The truce held well for the first four months but began to fall apart in October, when there was a marked increase in the number of rockets fired from Gaza into Israel -- estimated at 200. Israel resumed airstrikes in Gaza as a result.  Watch what may follow the end of the truce ». Israel has said a major military operation in Gaza may be unavoidable if daily rocket fire from the territory continues. However, both sides have expressed a desire not to see the situation worsen. Islamic Jihad said it planned a rally in Gaza City in the afternoon, after Friday prayers, announcing the end of the truce but also calling for a lifting of the Israeli siege. Israel has tightened its restrictions on border crossings and the flow of goods into the impoverished territory, making life extremely difficult for residents. Gaza depends on Israel for 90 percent of its imports, according to the U.N. Development Program. -- CNN's Ben Wedeman and Michal Zippori contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- A British man accused of orchestrating his wife's murder by hit men while they were honeymooning in South Africa has lost a High Court appeal to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial.|||The judges ruled that Shrien Dewani can be extradited as long as the South African government pledges to return him to the United Kingdom should he ultimately prove unfit to be tried. Dewani's lawyers had argued that he should not be extradited while he was unfit to stand trial. He is being treated for post traumatic stress disorder and a depressive illness. His legal team can appeal the decision at the Supreme Court. Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hit men to kill his wife, Anni Dewani, 28, during a taxi ride in Cape Town in November 2010, just over two weeks after their wedding. Taxi driver Zola Tongo confessed within weeks of the bride's death that he had hired two men to kill her. In a plea deal with South African authorities, he said he was paid by Shrien Dewani to carry out the hit and to make it look like the two were the victims of a carjacking as they were driving through a township on the edge of Cape Town. Tongo was subsequently sentenced to 18 years in prison for his part in the killing. Proper protection. In their ruling, the judges at the High Court in London said there was some prospect that Dewani could recover sufficiently to be fit to stand trial. It is also possible that the continued uncertainty over his extradition could act to deter his recovery. They also said they were confident in the ability of South Africa's authorities to treat Dewani fairly. "The death of the appellant's wife Anni occurred over three years ago," they said in their conclusions. "The interests of justice, including the interests of her family who like other families of murdered persons wish to see a trial take place as soon as is practicable, require expedition and that there should be no further delay, provided that proper protection is afforded to the appellant in the manner we have set out." CNN's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Swedish citizen of Rwandan origin was sentenced to life in prison Thursday by a court in Stockholm after he was tried and convicted for his role in the country's genocide nearly 20 years ago.|||He is 54-year-old Stanislas Mbanenande, an ethnic Hutu. At least 800,000 people in Rwanda were killed in the 1994 genocide, one of the worst mass slaughters in the post-World War II era. Genocide survivor has faith in future of Rwanda. This is the first time that Sweden has tried a case for genocide, and also the first time anyone has been convicted of genocide in a Swedish court. The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority, who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days. Some moderates from the Hutu majority who supported Tutsis also were killed. Along with a charge of genocide, Mbanenande was convicted in the Stockholm District Court of gross violations of international law, including murder, attempted murder, inciting murder and kidnapping. The case involves several massacres in western Rwanda's Kibuye prefecture, where Mbanenande was born and raised. Mbanenande was accused of having an informal leadership role and using an automatic weapon to shoot at groups of people. He took part in massacres at public buildings such as a church, a school and a sports stadium where people sought shelter. He also is accused of taking part in the hunt for Tutsis in the Ruhiro and Bisesero mountains where people had fled to seek safety. Mbanenande left Kibuye in 1994 when Tutsi-dominated invasion troops were nearing. He then lived in Congo until 1996, and then he moved to the Kenyan capital of Nairobi. In 1999 his family moved to Sweden. Mbanenande eventually joined them and became a Swedish citizen in 2008.
(CNN) -- One of the main suspects in the killings of 49 people in northern Mexico received orders from the top leaders of the Zetas cartel, a military official said Monday.|||Daniel de Jesus Elizondo Ramirez hurled a grenade and fired at troops with a rifle as they closed in on him, Brig. Gen. Edgar Luis Villegas told reporters. After his capture Friday outside Monterrey, Mexico, he disclosed details of the brutal slayings, Villegas said. Elizondo, also known as "El Loco" ("The Madman"), is a local leader of the Zetas drug cartel in Cadereyta, Nuevo Leon, the northern Mexican city where authorities found the decapitated and dismembered bodies abandoned along a highway last week, Villegas said. The grisly discovery on May 13 drew international attention but was met with a muted response from some Mexicans living in the area, where intensifying turf battles between rival cartels have made violence a daily reality. Authorities announced Elizondo's arrest Sunday and presented him to the media Monday, detailing his alleged involvement in kidnappings and killings in northern Mexico, and in the Zetas' efforts to expand their reach into Guatemala. Orders for abandoning the 49 mutilated bodies last week came from the highest levels of the Zetas, Villegas said, including Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the group's top leader. Elizondo and an accomplice were ordered to abandon the bodies in the town's central square, but instead left them on the outskirts, Villegas said. Authorities described him as "one of the suspects responsible" for last week's killings but did not specify how he was involved in the slayings. He will be detained for 40 days while authorities build their case against him, prosecutors said. The whereabouts of the suspected accomplice, another member of the Zetas who escaped during a prison uprising in February, were unclear. Last week, Mexico's interior minister said the 49 decapitated bodies were the result of a fierce feud over territory and power between the Zetas and members of the allied Gulf and Sinaloa cartels. Banners hanging throughout the country, purportedly from the Zetas, said the notoriously ruthless cartel had nothing to do with the gruesome crime. "This was part of a strategy to blame the actions on opposing criminal organizations ... to cause confusion among authorities and in the public opinion," Villegas said Monday. The Zetas began with deserters from Mexican special forces, who quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as hired assassins for Mexico's Gulf cartel. The partnership between the two criminal groups ended in 2010. Now, officials say the Gulf cartel is allied with the Sinaloa cartel, one of the nation's most powerful drug trafficking groups. Elizondo confessed his involvement in other attacks against authorities and members of the Gulf cartel, Villegas said, including carrying out kidnappings and executions and transporting bodies to an area where they were buried or burned. He also traveled to Guatemala with a group of Zetas hit men in 2008, battling over territory with drug gangs there, Villegas said. Authorities have not released the identities of the victims of last week's killings in northern Mexico. Last week, officials said investigators were seeking DNA samples from families of missing people nationwide in their efforts to identify the bodies. That will be the only way to identify the victims -- whose killers cut off their heads, hands and feet -- Nuevo Leon state security spokesman Jorge Domene told reporters. More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006, when Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels. According to Mexico's National Human Rights Commission, more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period, and the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified. Officials fear the total number of missing could be far higher, because many disappearances go unreported. CNNMexico.com contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Philadelphia police arrested Carlos Figueroa-Fagot after he turned himself in to authorities who believe he is the man who tried to snatch a 10-year-old girl in Philadelphia, authorities said Thursday.|||The 33-year-old suspect gave himself up Wednesday evening after police released surveillance video showing the attack. "This case demonstrates the power of getting information out," Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter told reporters. Figueroa-Fagot was charged with a series of felony and misdemeanor charges, including attempted kidnapping, unlawful restraint, indecent assault and other counts. Authorities say the suspect has a prior criminal record in Puerto Rico that stems from between 2000 and 2006. Last year, he also faced allegations of sexual assault from a family member in Philadelphia, police said. That case, however, was withdrawn without prosecution earlier this month. Neither Figueroa-Fagot nor his attorney could be immediately be reached for comment. The incident sparked an outcry that reached the top levels of city government, with Nutter announcing a $10,000 reward for the capture of the perpetrator, who tried to snatch the girl while she was walking home from a store with her 2-year-old brother on Tuesday. Police Captain John Darby said the girl immediately struggled against her attacker, but credits the screams of her little brother with thwarting her abduction. The boy "literally screams louder than anything she's ever heard before," Darby told reporters Thursday. The surveillance video was released Wednesday on the Philadelphia Police Department's YouTube page. Video shows Georgia girl, 7, fighting off alleged kidnapper. It shows a white car pulling up to the corner of Porter and Lee streets while the girl and her brother are walking home. As the children make a left onto Lee Street, a male gets out of the car and follows the children. The video then switches to Lee Street as the suspect walks up behind the girl and grabs her, pulling her away from her little brother, whose hand she was holding. The girl falls to the ground moments after she is grabbed and the suspect then lets go and runs away, fleeing in the white car. Authorities say the man also put his hand over the girl's mouth, though that is unclear in the video. Neighbors told CNN affiliate KYW they are grateful the little girl is OK, but were worried for children in the neighborhood while the man was on the loose. "It's scary. It's making people nervous, making people think that they can't bring their kids outside, you know, and let them play outside by themselves, and that's not right," neighbor Kathleen McDowell told KYW. Police also announced Thursday that the department's Special Victims Unit made four unrelated arrests on rape and conspiracy charges related to the sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl on Monday at a Philadelphia recreation center. Authorities said they are looking for a fifth man and that they know his identity. More from CNN Justice:. Feds raid City Hall of New Jersey capital. FBI dive team to search for missing Iowa girls. Arrest made in Philadelphia attempted abduction. Arizona sheriff faces civil trial in alleged targeting of Latinos.
Washington (CNN) -- After spending more than a month in a Houston hospital, former President George H.W. Bush might get to leave this week.|||"We are hopeful that he can be discharged this coming week, but we're still taking everything one day at a time," spokesman Jim McGrath said Saturday night. The statement came after Bush's son and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush told a crowd in Vero Beach on Saturday that his father was expected to be released Monday, according to TCPalm.com. The 41st president was hospitalized on November 23 for bronchitis and remained there while doctors monitored a lingering cough. He has also suffered from "a stubborn fever," McGrath said last week. While in the hospital, Bush, 88, has cheered on the Texas A&M and the Houston Texans football teams to victories and enjoyed a special performance by the Oak Ridge Boys via telephone. His exchanges with doctors and nurses have included singing, McGrath said.
North and South Korea have agreed to reopen their joint industrial park on a trial basis next week, nearly five months after it was shut down, according to a press release from the South's Unification Ministry.|||The Kaesong Industrial Complex is seen as a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation. According to the press release, "companies will begin re-operation from September 16 on a test run." The date was set after hours of intense negotiations between the two sides. The complex was shuttered in April by North Korea amid soaring military tensions. North Korea agrees to family reunions with the South. North Korea expelled South Korean workers and suspended activity at the zone, which sits on the North's side of the Koreas' demilitarized zone. But the tensions have since eased, and the generally secretive North recently allowed a large Western media contingent to cover the 60th anniversary of the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953. On August 14, the two sides reached a five-point agreement to open the complex. As part of the agreement, both governments said the zone's operation would no longer be "affected by political situations under any circumstance." The agreement also called for a joint panel to discuss compensating South Korean companies hurt by the closing. The zone, which made its debut nine years ago, is considered an important source of hard currency for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's regime. About 53,000 North Koreans worked at more than 120 South Korean companies at the complex. It produced hundreds of millions of dollars worth of goods yearly.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Despite crushing defeats in the last two elections, Senate Republicans have new "energy and enthusiasm" for winning back the majority, according to their leader, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.|||A top GOP leader says George W. Bush, politically, was a "millstone" around the GOP's neck. "President Bush had become extremely unpopular, and politically he was sort of a millstone around our necks in both '06 and '08," McConnell told reporters Friday. "We now have the opportunity to be on offense, offer our own ideas and we will win some." Many of those ideas get presented as amendments to Democratic bills, and even though they're usually defeated, they can draw attention to GOP policy alternatives and force Democrats to take difficult votes. "They become the way you chart the course for a comeback, which, in this country, always happens at some point," McConnell said. "The pendulum swings." McConnell said many of the ideas for amendments come from conservative think tanks and other Republican thinkers off Capitol Hill. "Newt Gingrich, for example, has an idea a minute. Many of those are quite good. Many of those become amendments," he said. McConnell also said he doesn't mind the "party of no" label Congressional Democrats and the White House give Republicans. "I don't feel anyone should be apologetic for opposing a bad idea," McConnell said. "I'm not fearful of an effort to demonize dissent." After being labeled by Democrats the "party of no" for criticizing the budget without offering solutions, House Republicans said Thursday that they have come up with a plan B -- though were later criticized for a lack of details. "Two nights ago, the president said, 'We haven't seen a budget yet out of Republicans.' Well, it's just not true, because here it is, Mr. President," House Minority leader Rep. John Boehner said Wednesday as he held up a booklet that he said was a "blueprint for where we're going." Watch GOP leaders unveil their 'leaner' budget ». The details of the GOP budget will be presented on the House floor next week, said Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin. "We're going to show a leaner budget, a budget with lower taxes, lower spending and lower borrowing," Ryan said. The blueprint includes familiar Republican proposals to limit "wasteful" government spending, cut the size of government and provide incentives to private entities to expand access to health care. It also includes a major overhaul of the tax code, proposing a marginal tax rate of 10 percent for income up to $100,000 and 25 percent for any income above that level. White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs laughed off the Republicans' proposal Thursday, joking that their blueprint has more pictures of windmills than charts. "It's interesting to have a budget that doesn't contain any numbers. I think the 'party of no' has become the 'party of no new ideas,' " he said at the daily briefing. CNN contributor Paul Begala says that Republicans are simply out of ideas -- and have no one to blame but themselves. "The Republicans are like an arsonist who complains that the fire department is wasting water. Obama is trying to handle an immediate crisis while also laying the foundation for long-term growth. The Republicans are doing neither," Begala said. "They have no plan to stop the loss of jobs or to get capital markets functioning properly -- and they certainly have no plans for health care, education or energy, which are the keys to both long-term economic growth and long-term deficit reduction." Begala added: "If this were 'Sesame Street,' the announcer would be saying, 'This program brought to you by the letters G, O and P ... None of the crises the president is addressing were of his creation. All of them were created or worsened by the Republicans who ran the House of Representatives, Senate and White House for years." CNN's Ed Hornick and Kristi Keck contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Mississippi has kept its U.S. heavyweight title for a fifth straight year, among both adults and children.|||Adult obesity rates went up in 23 states in the past year, a survey shows. The percentage of adults classified as obese went up in 23 states, but Mississippi, with 32.5 percent, stayed atop the latest annual rankings by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Trust for America's Health. The same survey put the state's adult obesity rate at 31.7 percent in 2008. In addition, 44.4 percent of Mississippi children ages 10 to 17 are classified as overweight or obese, the study found. Doctors have linked obesity to increased risks of a variety of conditions, including diabetes, hypertension, arthritis and heart disease. Wednesday's study found the current U.S. economic slump could worsen the problem by putting more nutritious food out of the reach of struggling families.  See a map of obesity in the U.S. ». "At the same time, safety-net programs and services are becoming increasingly overextended as the numbers of unemployed, uninsured and underinsured Americans continue to grow," the report states. "For many people, too, worries over the recession are triggering increased depression, anxiety and stress, which often can be linked to obesity." Dr. Ed Thompson, Mississippi's state health officer, called the report -- which was drawn from state figures -- "old data rehashed." But he said the state is taking steps to address what he called "a multifaceted problem," targeting schoolchildren in particular. Thompson said teachers not only are trying to educate students about the importance of good nutrition and exercise, they are changing schedules to increase the amount of physical activity students experience in a day. In addition, lower-calorie, lower-fat foods are replacing some high-calorie, high starch lunchroom staples, he said. "We can't tell our children to eat wise dietary choices and then provide them with little except for poor dietary choices in their school cafeterias," Thompson said. Rounding out the top five states among adults were West Virginia, with 31.2 percent of its population considered obese; Alabama, 31.1 percent; Tennessee, 30.2 percent; and South Carolina 29.7 percent. At the bottom of the rankings, Colorado had the lowest percentage of obese adults, with 18.9 percent. It was followed by Massachusetts, at 21.2 percent; Connecticut, 21.3; Rhode Island, 21.7; and Hawaii, 21.8. Even in those states, the obesity rate grew by fractions of a percent since 2008, according to the study. Thompson said most adults know they should eat less and exercise. "The hard part is getting people to actually practice these things," he said. "Our work lives require less physical exertion than they used to," he said. "With less physical activity, we should have adjusted our dietary consumption downward." While deep-fried Southern cooking is legendary, Mississippi also ranks high in poverty statistics and low in education -- two factors commonly related to obesity. But Thompson said education appears to be more closely related to obesity than poverty. "We do see obesity among people who are in lower socioeconomic levels, but we see it in higher socioeconomic levels as well," he said. "Being poor does not not make you obese, and being rich does not make you thin." The survey used the Body Mass Index standards set by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC defines someone as obese if they have a BMI -- a figure based on a ratio of height to weight -- of 30 or more, while anyone with a BMI between 25 and 30 is considered overweight.  Calculate your Body Mass Index ». Adult obesity rates went up in 23 states in the past year, with 31 states now reporting rates over 25 percent. By comparison, no state topped 20 percent in 1991, the survey's authors reported.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal prosecutors Tuesday urged a Florida judge to sentence actor Wesley Snipes to three years in prison and fine him $5 million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties.|||Wesley Snipes was acquitted of the most serious charges against him. Snipes is scheduled to be sentenced April 24 by U.S. District Judge William Hodges in Ocala, Florida, on three counts of failure to file federal income tax returns. One week after vowing to crack down on "tax defiers," the Justice Department filed court papers seeking the maximum penalty for the three misdemeanor counts on which Snipes was convicted. "This case presents the court with a singular opportunity to deter tax fraud nationwide," the government said in its sentencing recommendation. Snipes had been charged with felony conspiracy counts for participating in a scheme that rejects the legal foundation of the tax system. However, a jury accepted his argument that he was innocently duped by errant tax advisers, and acquitted him on the most serious charges. "The fact that Snipes was acquitted on two felony charges and convicted 'only' on three misdemeanor counts has been portrayed in the mainstream media as a 'victory' for Snipes," the government document says. "The troubling implication of such coverage for the millions of average citizens who are aware of this case is that the rich and famous Wesley Snipes has 'gotten away with it.' In the end the criminal conduct of Snipes must not be seen in such a light." Assistant Attorney General Nathan Hochman, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, last week promised to beef up the government's efforts to pursue those engaged in a variety of schemes making legal assertions that income taxes are either voluntary or unconstitutional. "For nearly a decade Snipes has engaged in a campaign of criminal tax conduct combining brazen defiance with insidious concealment," the prosecutors say. "By these means Snipes has escaped paying more than $15 million in income tax to the IRS and has pursued an intended fraudulent harm to the United States Treasury of more than $41 million." The document says Snipes shipped millions of dollars to accounts in Switzerland, Antigua and the Isle of Man to avoid taxes. "Given defendant's income, earning capacity, and financial resources, both disclosed and undisclosed, the United States submits that a fine of at least $5 million is warranted," the sentencing recommendation says. The 35-page argument for the stiffest possible penalty ends with a dramatic flair. "In the defendant Wesley Snipes, the court is presented with a wealthy, famous and inveterate tax scofflaw. If ever a tax offender was deserving of being held accountable to the maximum extent for his criminal wrongdoing, Snipes is that defendant," it says. The IRS is also seeking repayment of all taxes and interest through civil court proceedings. E-mail to a friend.
(EW.com) -- Seth Rogen was recently quoted in an Entertainment Weekly magazine article as saying that there have been only one and a half good movies ever made about frat life: "Animal House" and the first half of "Old School."|||I'd throw 1984's "Revenge of the Nerds" into the mix, but I get his point. Too few comedies have been able to capture the gonzo, bacchanalian spirit of the Greek system with some degree of wit. Well, now you can add Rogen's raucously inspired "Neighbors" to the honor roll. It's a frat-house flick with more on its mind than beer, bongs, and beer bongs. It's also a razor-sharp commentary on desperately trying to remain carefree after the burdens of adulthood have taken over. Critical Mass: Is 'Neighbors' the season's best comedy? Directed by "Forgetting Sarah Marshall's" Nicholas Stoller, "Neighbors" stars Rogen and Rose Byrne as Mac and Kelly Radner, a 30-something couple with a newborn daughter, a sensible station wagon, and a crushing mortgage on a house littered with breast pumps and baby monitors. What they don't have is any of the spontaneity of their 20s. Exhibit A: As the film opens, Rogen and Byrne are getting hot and heavy in the bedroom, only to realize that their baby is watching Daddy tell Mommy he's about to take her to ''Bonertown.'' Plans to go out clubbing with their less exhausted single friends go just about as well. Then one morning, moving trucks show up next door and unload a sea of whooping, Solo-cup-clutching frat boys. Led by the chiseled, vacant alpha dog Teddy (Zac Efron) and his Abercrombie wingman Pete (Dave Franco), the guys of Delta Psi Beta proceed to turn Mac and Kelly's quiet, tree-lined slice of suburban heaven into a hedonistic hell. At first, Mac and Kelly see their new neighbors as an opportunity to prove that they're more than just the sum of their Pack 'n Plays, that they're still down to party and reclaim their laid-back youth. The couple obliviously try to cozy up with Teddy and Pete, but every time they hope to show how cool they are, it becomes more and more clear that they're just the annoying old buzzkills next door. And when the raging gets a bit too epic and the meatheads refuse to keep it down, it's war. The two sides launch into a hilarious volley of tit-for-tat pranks that gradually escalates into a gross-out gag Armageddon with obscene topiaries and gargantuan dildos as the weapons of battle. James Franco may play Tommy Wiseau in film based on 'The Disaster Artist' One of the best surprises in Andrew Jay Cohen and Brendan O'Brien's script is its refusal to succumb to lazy sitcom stereotypes, which would set Rogen up as the oafish Kevin James man-child and Byrne as the nag. Instead, Kelly is as foul-mouthed, shallow, and irresponsible as her husband. Speaking in her native Aussie twang, Byrne shows that she's a deadpan comic ace. And thanks to her chemistry with Rogen, "Neighbors" proves that just because you grow up doesn't mean you have to be a grown-up. You can still be wild and crazy even as you're yelling at the kids next door to get the hell off your lawn. Grade: B+. See the original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Thai anti-government demonstrators massed Wednesday outside the Prime Minister's makeshift office, a day after clashes with police in the streets of Bangkok killed five people.|||The protesters have been rallying in the city for months, demanding that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra step down. Their long-running campaign has deepened political divisions in Thailand, undermined the functioning of the national government and stirred outbreaks of deadly violence. The demonstrators want to rid the country of the influence of Yingluck and her older brother, former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who they say controls the government from self-imposed exile. They are calling for the creation of an unelected "people's council" to oversee electoral and political changes. 10 questions: What's behind the protests in Thailand? Deadly clashes. With Thailand still scarred by a severe bout of civil unrest in 2010 -- in which a crackdown on pro-Thaksin protesters by security forces left scores of people dead -- police had until recently largely refrained from using force on the current demonstrations. But last week, police began attempts to clear sites occupied by protesters for months. Government officials said the protesters' actions were blocking public access to government services. The police measures encountered strong resistance from protesters in central Bangkok on Tuesday, and clashes between the two sides erupted into gun fire. Five people, including a police officer, died in the violence, and more than 70 were wounded. Police have suspended efforts to seize the protest sites for the time being, said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut, the national security chief. Protesters gather. The anti-government protesters, meanwhile, are trying to keep up the pressure on Yingluck by gathering Wednesday outside Defense Secretariat offices in the suburbs of Bangkok where the Prime Minister has set up a temporary office. She has had to relocate there after the demonstrators blocked access to Government House, the office of the Prime Minister and appointed cabinet ministers in central Bangkok. Thousands of demonstrators assembled near the Defense Secretariat compound, arriving by foot, on bikes and in pick-up trucks. Some of them waved flags and others blew whistles, a trademark of their movement. About 1,000 police officers in riot gear were positioned outside the compound. It wasn't immediately unclear whether Yingluck was inside the offices Wednesday. She gave a televised speech from there on Tuesday. Political uncertainty. The Prime Minister is also facing difficulties over her government's controversial rice subsidy program. Thailand's anti-corruption commission said Tuesday it was bringing charges against Yingluck over allegations she failed to act on warnings of corruption in the program, which paid farmers well above the market rate for their rice but has run into financial problems. Yingluck said Tuesday that the program had been successful and that there was "no conspiracy to corrupt." The current protests in Bangkok were sparked in November by Yingluck's government's botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for her brother's return to the political fray in earnest. Yingluck called elections in December in the hope that they wcould help ease tensions. But the main opposition party boycotted the vote earlier this month, and protesters caused widespread disruption, making the outcome of the election inconclusive. That has left Yingluck's caretaker administration unable to operate fully.
(CNN)  -- Water pressure is restored and it is now safe to drink in a Baltimore suburb where a huge water main burst, sending torrents of muddy water coursing over neighborhood streets and down highway ramps, officials said.|||Muddy water envelops the community of Dundalk, Maryland, on Friday. Many were left without power. "A bad situation is well in hand," Baltimore County chief executive Jim Smith said during a press conference Saturday morning. Crews were still at work inspecting homes and clearing water from flooded basements, he said, "but the danger is over, the crisis is over." A prestressed concrete water pipe burst late Friday afternoon under a road in the suburban Baltimore community of Dundalk. The 72-inch-wide main was shut about two hours after it ruptured, Smith said. No injuries were reported, Smith said, and knee-high to chest-high water had been reduced to 4 inches. Resident David Johnson said he felt helpless as he stood outside his house and watched the dirty brown water creep up his lawn and approach his front door. It stopped, inches away, and his basement stayed dry. The worst part now is the sewage smell, he said. Local public works officials said at least 39 basements in the area were flooded.  See water main break damage ». Shannon Woerner was at home in nearby Essex, Maryland, when he heard the news about the water main break and the call for boats. He loaded his kayak in his truck and headed to the scene. "I just wanted to see if I could help," he said. Woerner said he delivered car keys and other items across flooded streets to people who couldn't get to their homes. Mike Pell, 34, watched the water slowly recede after the main was shut. Water covered the wheels of his pickup. "My basement's done," he said, pointing to his shoulder to show the height of the water inside. He and his fiancee had a bedroom in the basement. "All of our clothes are ruined," he said. He managed to get his two children, ages 2 and 3, to a dry area on the first floor of the house. "Now I wonder who's gonna pay for this. We don't have flood insurance; this area doesn't flood," Pell said, shaking his head. Samantha Hansley, 21, could only watch from a dry hill and wonder if her truck would survive the flood. It sat in 2 feet of water a block away. Hansley and her boyfriend had been driving out of the floodwaters when they stopped to try to help some stranded drivers. "Our truck just died," she said. A manager at the Box and Save grocery store about a block away from the break said the entire parking lot was flooded. Cathy Geisler said customers were still in the store Friday afternoon when police arrived to tell everyone except for essential personnel to evacuate. "We were still doing business, then the electricity went out and we escorted everyone out of the store," Geisler said. Aerial video from CNN affiliates WMAR and WBAL showed a collapsed roadway covered by torrents of water. Entire neighborhoods had flooded streets, and some residents were evacuated, authorities said. Eric Braughman, who lives on one of the flooded streets, said he had "thought something was up" with the water Thursday when his faucets discharged orange-brown water. "My wife didn't give the baby a bath because it didn't look safe," Braughman said. Nearly 1,000 customers were without power, according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Co.'s Web site. The main break is part of a larger issue with failing infrastructure in many U.S. cities, said Kurt Kocher, a spokesman for Baltimore's Department of Public Works. Kocher cited two other huge main breaks in the Maryland and Washington area that were started from the same type of pipe that burst in Friday's incident. "This is a national infrastructure crisis," Kocher said. CNN's Alec Miran in Dundalk, Maryland, contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Political consensus was hard to find at last month's Rio +20 Earth Summit but there was at least one group speaking with unity on the planet's environmental and economic future.|||Hundreds of activists gathered on the city's Copacabana Beach to make a simple demand of their elected leaders and representatives: Commit to ending fossil fuel subsidies, now. More than a million people around the world -- including actor Robert Redford and comedian Stephen Fry - were quick to lend their support by backing #endfossilfuelsubsidies, an affiliated online campaign. But as the summit came to a close it became clear that no new enforceable commitments on the issue were to be included in the final version of the Rio agreement text. For those behind the protest however, the widespread exposure and support afforded the oft ignored subject ensured their efforts still represented a success. See also: Was Rio +20 a failure of political leadership? "This all falls into changing our energy usage patterns, which I believe is the pre-eminent challenge of the 21st century," says Steve Kretzmann, founder of Oil Change International, an environmental advocacy group that backs the #endfossilfuelsubsidies campaign. "The first place to start is to stop putting public money towards fossil fuels," he adds. "This is not because anybody has it in for the fossil fuel industry. What we're talking about is what the public's money actually should support." Estimates as to how much this support equates to vary from study to study, as do methods and standards for calculation. The International Energy Agency (IEA) reported that internationally $409 billion worth of government money flowed into the coffers of the fossil fuel industry in consumption subsidies (designed to make fuel more affordable and accessible to the consumer) in 2010. A separate study from the U.S. Natural Resources Defense Council estimates that global fossil fuel subsidies will reach $775 billion this year when producer subsidies (designed to facilitate greater fuel production) are added on. However Kretzmann believes these figures may only be the tip of the iceberg and could actually top $1 trillion every year. He says there is often a lack of transparency in how some governments report the incentives, with many transferred as hard-to-calculate tax credits. Kretzmann similarly laments the comparatively sparse investment in renewable energy subsidies (which stood at $66 billion in 2010 according to the IEA) as a wasted opportunity to create less polluting energy sources whilst encouraging growth in the green economy. "At the end of the day, not only is this bad policy but its also bad economics," he says. "Long term, renewables are a better option for the environment and the economy. There are multiple studies that show how much more labor intensive renewables are and how they create more jobs per unit of energy created." See also: Who's funding green energy. However others are more cautious about the consequences that an about-turn in energy policy could create. "In certain countries and situations, subsidies are essential to peoples way of life," says Dan Kish the deputy vice-president of policy at the Institute for Energy Research, a Washington D.C. based organization that advocates free market energy policies. Any alteration to this arrangement could cause prices to balloon, weakening development and in the worst case scenario leading to social unrest, he adds. Kish points out that a large proportion of subsidies are in fact designed to keep fuel prices artificially low, enabling consumers in some of the world's poorest regions access to basic energy products. "At the G20 they are calling for the end of fossil fuels subsidies but what they are really talking about is the developing world," he says. "If you want a pejorative to describe the situation ... what we've got is a bunch of rich countries whose people have used energy to become rich assigning blame for subsidies on those countries that are poorer." See also: The problem with fossil fuel subsidies. Kish also believes that renewables still can't compete with traditional energy sources in terms of their cost effectiveness, accessibility and energy output. "The only fair way to look at subsidies is to analyze the subsidy per unit of energy produced. On that score the numbers are incredibly slanted against renewables," he says. "Just because you can make energy from something doesn't mean that it makes sense competitively or economically." Effective and efficient energy policy in the long term, Kish explains, would see individual countries pursue the sources of energy that are most accessible and affordable to them, be they renewable or fossil fuel. "The best energy policy is that which makes energy as cheap, reliable and abundant as possible for the most people so that economies can grow," he says.
(CNN) -- A missing 12-year-old girl has been found safe after authorities discovered the bodies of the couple she lived with, Arkansas police said.|||Amber Whitlow was found Saturday night in Memphis, Tennessee, local police said. She was found with her 33-year-old brother, Antonio Whitlow, who is a suspect in her abduction as well as a double homicide, Memphis police spokeswoman Alyssa Moore said. Antonio Whitlow is in custody, Moore said. Amber was taken to a children's hospital as a precaution, and the Tennessee and Arkansas departments of child services were notified. Earlier Saturday, the man and woman whom Amber lived with were found dead inside a home in Little Rock, Arkansas, police said. Authorities received a call from a man who attended the same church as the slain couple and had found the woman just inside the home's doorway, Sgt. Cassandra Davis said. Officers investigated and found that woman and the dead man, who was further inside the residence. Both of the deceased were in their 60s, Davis said. Authorities have not released the names of the couple, nor have they indicated how they died. But Davis said Amber is either the daughter or granddaughter of the deceased couple. More from CNN Justice:. 4 Colorado shooting victims remembered for vitality, selflessness. Colorado shooting suspect was a psychiatric patient. Indiana shootout leaves bystander, police dog dead. Maryland man who called himself 'joker' still being evaluated.
Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria have been killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram Islamists, according to officials and residents.|||Scored of Islamist insurgents dressed in military uniforms stormed the Christian farming village of Izghe, in Borno state, late Saturday and opened sporadic fire on residents, killing at least 106 people in an attack specifically targeted at male residents. The gunmen, who arrived in the village riding in trucks and on several motorcycles, opened fire and hacked male residents they had assembled in the village square. They moved door to door in search of male residents who were hiding. The attack prompted an exodus of hundreds of panic-stricken residents of nearby villages to the neighboring Madagali district in Adamawa state. "We suspect that the gunmen were members of Boko Haram. They have taken over the village," said Madagali local government chairman, Maina Ularamu.. The attackers looted businesses and food stores "and loaded all their spoils into vehicles owned by residents and fled into the bush," said Ularamu. A survivor of the attack, farmer Barnabas Idi, said he scaled the fence of his house and crawled for about 40 minutes to safety. Idi said that security agents were not present during the attack. In the second attack early Saturday, suspected Boko Haram gunmen opened fire on Doron Baga, a fishing village along Lake Chad. "They opened fire from all directions, forcing residents to jump into the lake in a bid to escape, and many drowned while others were gunned down," said Babagana Gwoni, a survivor of the attack. The gunmen looted fish and foodstuffs before setting houses on fire, Gwoni said. Lt. Col. Mohammed Dole, a military spokesman, confirmed the Doron Baga attack but declined to give details. "We received report of the attack on Doron Baga, but we don't have details because the area falls under the operational jurisdiction of the Multinational Joint Task Force," Dole said. The Multinational Joint task Force comprises troops from Nigeria, Niger and Chad and was set up in 1998 primarily to fight light weapons proliferation. Its mandate has been expanded to include combating the Boko Haram insurgency.
He's played singers, sailors and serial killers, but there's one role that die-hard fans of Jeff Bridges can't get enough of: The stoner.|||"Who knows? Mystery of the unknown," the Academy-Award winning actor tells CNN about the enduring legacy of "The Big Lebowski." "Maybe it has to do with turning someone on to something you dig; it is like turning your younger brother on to Led Zeppelin, when he's ready to get it." Sprinkle a healthy dose of "mans" and f-bombs into that quote and it could have been uttered by The Dude himself. "It's something that entertains people on a whole other level than most films," Bridges says, "and once they've enjoyed it, they have to share with someone." The sharing is certainly growing for "Lebowski." This March 6 marks the 15th anniversary of the movie's release. Hard to believe that the Southern Californian odyssey that opened to mixed reviews (The New Yorker called it an "irritatingly antic caper") is now considered among the best in the Coen Brothers canon and a bona fide cultural phenomenon. The appreciation goes way beyond the silver screen.  Books are written about "The Big Lebowski," including one by Bridges himself. There are "Lebowski Fests" held nationwide where fans gather, often dressed as their favorite characters. The "Lebowski Fest" slated for Los Angeles March 22-23 features the actors who played Woo, The Malibu Sheriff and the Ralph's check-out girl who watched The Dude write a 69 cent check for a carton of milk. This past weekend, the now iconic bathrobe worn by Bridges throughout the movie was auctioned off for $22,755, according to Premiere Props in Los Angeles. There's even the "Little Lebowski Shop" in New York that sells merchandise ranging from shirts and mugs to action figures and a life-size cutout of The Dude. "Business has been good," says Roy Preston, the owner of the store. "I have customers coming in ranging in age from 8 to 70 and from all over the world. There's something universal about it that speaks to people." What's so universal about an unemployed slacker who wears bathrobes, loves White Russians and hates the Eagles? "He's the unlikely hero of our times," says Brian Balthazar, editor of the entertainment  site popgoestheweek.com. "There are a lot of people that oddly enough want to be like him, to be completely intent in his apathy in life. And then have this guy embark on a crazy journey? It is literally the ultimate dude movie." A dude movie filled with memorable performances. There's John Goodman as the Vietnam veteran whose observance to the Jewish sabbath prevents him from bowling on Saturdays. ("I don't roll on Shabbos" he bellows from the lanes.)  John Turturro is the rival bowler named Jesus, who also happens to be a convicted sex offender. Peter Stormare, who played both a porn star and German nihilist in "Lebowski" laughs when talking about the film's cult-like following. "I'm amazed because it's bigger than "The Rocky Horror Picture Show," he says. "I've been to two or three Lebowski fests and it's pretty bizarre to see 20 Karl Hunguses walking around. It's an honor and at the same time it's a little strange." Stormare is also surprised by the film's continued success. "None of us really thought the movie would do well because they didn't do anything big for it when it came out," he tells CNN. "They didn't really promote it, and then it caught on like a sleeper and came just roaring as the years went by." Bridges cautions that "Lebowski" may not be for everyone. "Your 12-year-old, or your teeny bopper, or most grandparents just won't get it," he says while making it clear it may be more of a "guy" thing. "I can just imagine how many older brothers wait for their younger bros to turn 16 or whatever perfect age for them to truly be able to soak in all of the pointless amazingness that the "Big Lebowski" has to offer! All the Dude ever wanted was his rug back!" The Dude abides, and 15 years later, so does the actor. "I don't see this ever stopping or slowing down," says Bridges.
(CNN) -- At least 40 people were killed and more than 100 hurt Friday in clashes between tens of thousands of anti-government protesters and security forces outside Sanaa University in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, medical officials on the scene said.|||President Ali Abdullah Saleh announced that a state of emergency had been declared, and he expressed his "deep regret" over the casualties. An Interior Ministry official said both sides suffered casualties in the violence. The official would not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media. Witnesses said the clashes began after government supporters and anti-government demonstrators threw rocks at each other. Security forces shot into the air and then into the crowd; they also fired tear gas to try to disperse the crowd, witnesses said. "Orders had been issued earlier to all security apparatus to protect the protesters and the opposition, and to separate them," Saleh said. At the time the firing began, however, the two sides were far apart -- meaning security forces could not protect the protesters, Saleh said. He also said the protesters opened fire in an area that was full of people. "Their protests have to be carried out in places away from houses of ordinary people, in order to prevent any friction between them and the people living in those areas," he said. "Therefore we have today announced a state of emergency in all regions and the ban of any acts of armed violence in order to preserve the safety and security of citizens," he added. A spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington, Mohammed Albasha, called on senior security authorities to bring the perpetrators of Friday's violence to justice. Separate statements from France and the United States, however, called on the Yemeni government to allow peaceful protests, implying that they believe the Yemeni government was responsible for the deaths and injuries. "It is now imperative to stop attacks by security forces and pro-government armed groups against individuals exercising their right of expression and demonstration," the French Foreign Ministry said in a written statement. "We again urge the Yemeni authorities, as they have previously pledged to do, to protect peaceful demonstrators, to guarantee the civil and political rights, and to adopt concrete and credible measures reaching out to the aspirations of the country." U.S. President Barack Obama also urged Saleh to stick to his pledge to protect peaceful demonstrations. "The United States stands for a set of universal rights, including the freedom of expression and assembly, as well as political change that meets the aspirations of the Yemeni people," he said in a statement. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released a statement Friday saying that the U.S. is "alarmed by today's violence in Sanaa against anti-government protesters" and that she joins Obama in "condemning the violence." The U.S. is "seeking to verify reports that this is the result of actions by the security forces," Clinton said, adding that "all perpetrators of violence should should be held accountable and brought to justice." Amnesty International went further, saying the shootings were part of an "apparently coordinated sniper attack" on protesters. "This appears to have been a sniper attack with security forces deliberately shooting to kill protesters from strategic vantage points," said Philip Luther, Amnesty International's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa. Protesters were reportedly chanting anti-government slogans at a protest camp near Sanaa University when armed men in plain clothes, believed to be members of the security forces, started shooting live rounds from the top of nearby buildings, Amnesty International said. Members of the security forces also shot at protesters at street level around the same time, it said. The group said it heard from a witness that the shooting started from different buildings and continued for more than 30 minutes. Hamid al-Ahmar, a member of parliament and leader of Yemen's opposition Islah Party, also blamed the government. "The attacks on protesters are unacceptable, and the end of the regime is near," he declared. "Saleh has brought upon himself a life of disgrace after the killing of innocent protesters." Yemen has been wracked by weeks of unrest, with thousands protesting Saleh's government. High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty. The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom. The president has said he will not run for another term in the next round of elections. He also has pledged to bring a new constitution to a vote by the end of the year and transfer government power to an elected parliamentary system. Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The A&E network quickly backed away from an earlier assurance that Michael Jackson's three children "are not part of" a reality show it is taping with four of the pop star's brothers.|||Before their father's death, Michael Jackson's children, Paris, Prince and "Blanket" were not often seen in public. The network said late Wednesday it was "entirely possible" that "other members of the Jackson family" could appear on the show, but it is too soon to know. US Weekly magazine quoted an unidentified source as saying that  despite a sharp division in the Jackson family over the matter, Prince, 12, Paris, 11, and Blanket, 7, would be included in the show. "The Jacksons: A Family Dynasty," which focuses on the lives of four of the Jackson brothers -- Jackie, Jermaine, Tito and Marlon -- was in the works before the singer's June 25 death. "Filming is taking place right now," A&E said in the late Wednesday statement. "As production moves forward, it is entirely possible that the brothers' paths will intersect with other members of the Jackson family, who may or may not be included in the finished series. However, we cannot at this point definitively know who else may make an appearance in the series." Earlier Wednesday, however, the network had seemed to rule out their appearance, saying, "They are not part of the series." Jackson went to great lengths for years to keep his children out of the public eye, including covering their faces with masks and scarves. It was only at the public memorial service for Jackson that the world got a close look at them -- and began learning about their personalities. The magazine's source is quoted as saying that the oldest Jackson sister, Rebbie, "feels Michael would spin in his grave if he knew his kids would be on this show." The public relations firm hired by the Jackson family soon after Michael Jackson's death issued a short statement Wednesday morning that did not dispute the US Weekly report. "We are not going to comment," the statement said. The decision would be left to Katherine Jackson, Michael's mother, according to the lawyer appointed in August to represent the children in the probate of their father's will.  Katherine Jackson was given guardianship over the children by a Los Angeles judge. The reality show is tentatively set to begin airing in December. CNN's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Kyle Green, a University of Minnesota instructor, feels awful that he asked his sociology class to watch all three presidential debates. He should have checked the calendar first.|||Each of the debates this month, as well as the vice presidential showdown, falls on crucial game days. The fight for the hearts and minds of voters will be, in many households, a fight for the remote. "I bet there are a lot of sports fans in my class who will be facing the same dilemma that I am," said Green, a rabid sports fan. When President Barack Obama takes on Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney in their first debate Wednesday, Major League Baseball will be wrapping up its regular season. 5 things to watch in the first presidential debate. It's an especially important day for Yankees, Orioles, Rangers and Athletics fans as their teams vie for first place in their respective divisions. Eight days later, the October 11 vice presidential debate falls on the same day as the Thursday night football game between the Steelers and Titans. The NFL's "Thursday Night Football" has been delivering strong numbers this year, and last Thursday's Browns-Ravens game ranked first among cable TV programs for the night. When Romney and Obama face off a second time on October 16, they will compete with a Major League Baseball playoff game. Last year, an average of 7.1 million viewers watched a playoff game. And the final presidential debate on October 22 falls on a Monday during an NFL game between historical rivals the Detroit Lions and the Chicago Bears. Judging by past numbers, the debates will likely win out. Some 56 million people watched the final debate between Obama and Sen. John McCain on October 15, 2008. Average viewership for a typical Monday Night Football game is about 13 million. But the numbers don't speak to the anxiety some will feel Wednesday. New York actor Markus Potter, like many Yankees fans, is torn. The Yanks are trying to fight off the Baltimore Orioles to win the American League East championship. And the game will be in its final innings as the debate begins. 7-Eleven election accurately predicts presidential election winner. "Always rough when presidential politics and baseball compete," Potter said. He says he'll have the TV tuned to the debate and his laptop to the game, switching his attention between the two. "This just means I have to turn off the Twitter so nothing is given away in either game," he said. "And yes, I do refer to them both as 'games.'" Denver-area baseball writer Jonah Keri will be contending with a third distraction, albeit a pleasant one. Wednesday is also the birthday of his 3-year old twins. "I will be lighting candles, watching the debate and the games at the same time," he said. "I will have the computer and the TV going at the same time," he said. " I imagine in this era of multitasking, many will be doing this." Last month, the NFL rescheduled its season-opener to avoid competing with Obama's speech at the Democratic National Convention. It was a tit-for-tat gesture. In September 2011, Obama moved up his much-anticipated jobs speech to Congress by an hour prior to the start of that year's NFL's season-opener. But there are no such concessions planned this month. Which leaves sports fans who are into politics to engage in a game of their own: juggling. Photos: The first televised debates. CNN's Caitlin Stark contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Penn State University revealed a record number of forcible sex offense reports for the 2012 calendar year, more than half of which it said had occurred years earlier, some as far back as the 1970s.|||As a result, the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights announced last week it is launching an independent civil rights enforcement investigation of Penn State to determine whether the university "has responded immediately and appropriately" to complaints of sexual offenses. The investigation will also determine whether the university is in compliance with federal law in its handling of allegations of sexual violence committed by students or staff, with a particular emphasis on complaints of sexual assault, according to a letter sent to the university's president Thursday. The annual campus security report from Penn State listed 56 forcible sex offenses on its main campus in 2012, which is more than double the number of sex offenses reported for the previous year and 14 times the number reported in 2010. Victim 9 in Sandusky case sues Penn State. Under Title IX, a school must ensure that students are not denied or limited in the ability to participate in or benefit from its educational programs or activities on the basis of sex. Penn State, like other postsecondary institutions, must collect and disclose information about certain crimes on and near its campuses under the Clery Act, and compliance is monitored by the Department of Education, according to a statement on the investigation from Jim Bradshaw, spokesman for the department. "Our initial review of Penn State's sexual harassment policy, compounded by a dramatic increase in the number of forcible sex offenses occurring on campus as reported by the university itself, raised legal concerns that compelled us to investigate," Catherine Lhamon, the assistant secretary for civil rights, said in a statement on the investigation. But the Penn State report also noted that 36 of the total 63 sex offenses -- some of which occurred off campus -- in 2012 actually occurred earlier, from the 1970s through 2011. Some of the listed offenses can also be attributed to the crimes of former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky, who was convicted of sexually abusing young boys in 2012, according to the university's Clery Act compliance manager, Gabe Gates. In a news release, Gates also stated the overall increase might be due in part to the additional Clery Act training that's been provided for 5,000 individuals at Penn State over the last year. This training may have led to greater awareness of how to report these crimes and what resources are available to victims and witnesses, Gates said. Penn State spokeswoman Lisa Powers told CNN the university "is looking forward to working with the Office for Civil Rights on this proactive compliance review in order to further the purposes of Title IX, promote and protect the safety of the Penn State community and strengthen Penn State as an institution." In an op-ed published over the weekend, Secretary of Education Arne Duncan discussed the unprecedented national effort to address the alarming rate of sexual assault on college campuses. According to Duncan, colleges and universities reported more than 4,800 forcible sex offenses to the federal government in 2012, which is 50% higher than the number of reports in 2009. One in five female students report they suffered an attempted or completed sexual assault at college, along with 6% of male students, Duncan wrote in the article. "No parent should ever fear for a child's safety when he or she departs for college. But the painful truth is that sexual violence is far too prevalent today on campus," Duncan wrote. Pennsylvania coach accused of cover-up in alleged rape of player.
London (CNN) -- Coal slag heaps up to 450-feet high may not seem the obvious candidates to join a list that includes the pyramids of Egypt, the Great Wall of China, and Yellowstone National Park.|||But the remnants of a once-thriving mining industry in northern France have now been included in a roll call of the world's greatest landmarks. The Nord-Pas de Calais Mining Basin has been designated a World Heritage site by the U.N.'s cultural organization, UNESCO, and is now ranked alongside nearly 1,000 sites across the globe considered to have outstanding value. Coal was extracted from the region from the 17th to the 20th century, when it suffered an economic slump. Now, after a 10-year campaign, locals are aiming to promote as tourist attractions the old pits, railway stations, workers' estates and mining villages. "It's important as a piece of history in that part of the world," said UNESCO spokesperson Susan Williams. "It doesn't have to be pretty... but it does have to be of outstanding universal value, in other words important for the whole of humanity. The locals have been so excited about this. This is a site they are very appreciative of," she said. In its summary, UNESCO said the mining region was a "remarkable cultural landscape" and provided "exceptional testimony to the exchange of ideas and influences regarding the extraction methods used for underground coal seams, the design of worker housing and urban planning, as well as the international human migration that accompanied the industrialization of Europe." The Word Heritage Committee meets once a year to implement the convention defining the kind of natural of cultural sites that can be considered for the prestigious list. The Calais basin is one of three mining sites that made the list this year. Among the 26 additions for 2012 were the Lakes of Ounianga in Chad, Africa, the Chengjiang fossil site in the Yunnan province of China, the decorated farmhouses of Halsingland in Sweden and the Margravial Opera House at Bayreuth in Germany. Nominations for heritage status have to meet the UNESCO criteria agreed by member states and come up with a long-term management plan before they can be scrutinized and judged. However, heritage status does not necessarily guarantee protection. UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova said news that mausoleums in Timbuktu, Mali, had been destroyed by Islamic militants was "extremely distressing" and called on all parties involved in the conflict to "protect this invaluable cultural heritage for future generations." In 2001 the Taliban destroyed part of another of the world's treasures -- the huge Buddha statues in the Bamiyan Valley on the ancient Silk Road in Afghanistan. Both of these sites are included on a list of 38 sites that are threatened.
(CNN) -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "worst number of attacks" in one day in many years, an international maritime watchdog said.|||An image of the Burum Ocean -- a suspected pirate mother  ship in the Gulf of Aden. "Four attacks in two days, ships being hijacked and crews being taken, and large ransoms being demanded is completely unacceptable," said Capt. Pottengal Mukudan of the International Maritime Bureau, which monitors shipping crime. Pirates fired at a ship sailing under an Iranian flag and boarded it about 5:20 a.m. local time Thursday (10:20 p.m. ET Wednesday), said Noel Chong, head of the International Chamber of Commerce's Piracy Reporting Centre, a multinational coalition naval task force that monitors the region. They hijacked a ship operating under a Japanese flag a few minutes later, he said. A German ship was hijacked about 8 a.m. local time, Mukudan said. He said the pirates are still on board the German vessel, but he had few details. Pirate attacks are frequent in the waters off Somalia, a notoriously unsafe area for unescorted vessels. Canada announced this month that it was dispatching a warship to the area to protect U.N. aid ships after more than two dozen reported pirate attacks in the region this year. "This is the worst number of attacks that we have seen in a short period of time for years," Mukudan said, calling on CTF-150 to "give piracy a much higher priority to bring this under control. There have been seven vessels [hijacked] since the 20th of July." Thursday's spate of attacks in the Gulf of Aden came two days after pirates boarded a Malaysian tanker off the coast of Somalia. They continue to hold it, Chong said. The IMB monitors shipping crime and reported Thursday's incidents to CTF-150, which is based in Djibouti, and the task force is "monitoring the situation," Mukudan said. "They have some of their vessels ,which are tracking some of these hijacked ships, but the problem is it's very difficult to take action once the hijackers are on board," he said. "The lives of the hostages is at risk." He said he understood that the task force was busy with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan but noted that the IMB would like to see the task force do more to respond to the problem before the hijackings occur. The IMB said in April that 49 pirate attacks on ships were reported in the first three months of 2008, compared with 41 for the same period last year. It recorded 263 pirates attacks last year, up from 239 the year before and the first increase in three years. CNN's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- South Carolina political operatives say Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham deftly figured out how to duck, dodge and parry the kinds of conservative challenges that have bedeviled some fellow party incumbents this primary season.|||The strategy seemed twofold: Make friends in enemy camps and wield a big war chest. To accomplish the first part, he made strategic alliances with the tea party-backed newcomers in his congressional delegation who could have posed a political threat. Those lawmakers include people such as Rep. Trey Gowdy, a former state attorney and U.S. attorney. Conservatives in the Palmetto State had hoped Gowdy would challenge the state's senior senator. When conservative radio host Laura Ingraham asked Gowdy in July whether he would consider challenging Graham, the answer was a quick no. Graham's alliances paid off Tuesday in South Carolina's primary. He easily topped the 50% threshold needed to avoid a runoff. Graham's opposition was fractured heading into the primary. State Sen. Lee Bright came in a distant second, followed by five other challengers who all registered in the single digits. Gowdy told CNN last week he had worked with Graham on several issues, ranging from debt reduction to Benghazi. Graham and Gowdy, along with two other South Carolina congressional delegation members, Sen. Tim Scott and Rep. Mick Mulvaney, helped take the lead in sponsoring legislation this year that would allow states to opt out of the individual and employer mandate portions of Obamacare. Both Graham and Gowdy have also been deeply critical of the Obama administration's handling of the deadly attacks on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012 that left four Americans dead, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens. Gowdy is chairman of a newly established House committee charged with investigating those attacks. Then there's Graham's massive war chest -- $9.4 million, a figure that far eclipses what his six opponents have been able to raise, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit organization which analyzes the influence of money in politics. He's used that money to target conservative strongholds and airwaves with ads, state political analysts said. "Graham stockpiled millions of dollars and probably forced potential challengers to really wrestle with whether it was worth it to give up whatever office they might currently hold to take him on," said Nathan Gonzales, deputy editor of the Rothenberg Political Report. "That might have kept some top-tier challengers on the sidelines." Not too shabby for a lawmaker who is reviled in some conservative Republican circles for his support of immigration reform, and prior willingness to discuss climate change and gun policy reform. Several county party chapters censured the lawmaker for working with Democrats, and for what they see as failure to uphold conservative values, said Dave Woodard, a political science professor at Clemson University who co-wrote a book on free speech with former Sen. Jim DeMint. "Lindsey Graham took this seriously. He knew how critical the primary was against him and he began working on it," said Woodard who is also a former GOP consultant for DeMint, Graham, Gowdy and several other South Carolina members of Congress. "He had seen some incumbent Republicans get beaten in primaries, and so he was well armed." According to the New York Times, Graham was raised in the town of Central, South Carolina, the son of a pool hall owner, and only managed a combined score of 800 on his SATs. But he earned undergraduate and law degrees from the University of South Carolina, and has been an Air Force lawyer and a member of the U.S. House. He is known as a quick study, political analysts said. Take for example his positioning on climate change. In 2009, he co-sponsored a letter, along with then Sen. John Kerry, D-Massachusetts, and Sen. Joe Lieberman, then a Democrat from Connecticut, detailing support for climate change legislation. Conservatives in South Carolina were outraged. Just a year later, Graham told the media that he questioned what he sees as an alarmist approach to climate change. "The science about global warming has changed," he said. Graham's shifts are a strategic appeal to conservatives in his state, political analysts said. Hogan Gidley, a GOP consultant and a former executive director of the state party, told CNN that Graham succeeded in "tethering himself" to Scott, a favorite of the right, "touting his conservative credentials in commercials, and basically telling voters that at the end of the day he's a conservative." CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
Paris (CNN)French lawmakers are weighing a ban on extremely thin models.|||New legislation debated in Parliament Tuesday would require modeling agencies to get medical certificates from models proving that their body mass index is at least 18. Models would also be required to undergo regular weight checks. And agencies that violate the law could face fines and even possible prison sentences. Dr. Olivier Veran, a doctor and French lawmaker who's proposing the measures, said it's time to put a stop to the practice of pressuring models to be so thin that it's dangerous for their health. "We want to combat the idea that an agency could urge a model to stop eating; for example eating cotton balls to lose their appetite, to always lose more weight," he said. Seeing models' bones as they parade down the catwalk is a troubling trend, Veran said. "We have had chief editors of prestigious magazines tell us that more and more often, they are obliged to use Photoshop, not to make the models look slimmer," he said, "but to erase the tracks of bones under the skin, to make them look bigger." Vernan's proposed amendments to a health bill would also target the dark online world of pro-anorexia websites that promote self-starvation and encourage young women to post photos of their emaciated frames. The average BMI for a woman in France is 23.2 -- the lowest average in Western Europe, according to a 2009 study from France's National Institute of Demographic Studies. In France, Veran said, 30,000-40,000 people suffer from eating disorders, mainly teenagers. Marisol Touraine, France's minister of social affairs, expressed her support for the new anti-anorexia measures in an interview with CNN affiliate BFMTV. "The approach is good," she said, adding that the government will have to examine the wording of the new legislation in further detail. Extreme cases such as that of French model Isabelle Caro have sparked calls for change for years. Caro died in 2010, three years after she posed nude in a controversial ad campaign against anorexia. Similar concerns in Spain, Italy and Israel prompted those countries to adopt laws against the use of ultra-thin models on catwalks and in advertising campaigns. Israel even has strict rules on how model's bodies are Photoshopped; any changes must be clearly marked on the photo. Some in the industry are supportive of the proposed laws, but say they don't strike at the real issue. "The fact of the matter is, fashion creatives have to think about the messaging they are promoting around body image ideals and the fact they are normalizing an unachievable physical appearance," said Caryn Franklin, a fashion commentator. Veran's legislation is set to go before the French Parliament at the end of the month for discussion. And he wants to outlaw what he calls starving models by the end of the year. "I think that by the end of 2015," he said, "we will no longer have anorexic models on the catwalk." CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Pakistan finished top of Group A after inflicting Australia's first defeat in 35 matches at the Cricket World Cup on Saturday, a run which has seen Ricky Ponting's team win the title three times since 1999.|||It was the veteran Ponting's first reverse in 28 World Cup matches as captain, and means his team will likely face fellow heavyweights India or England in the quarterfinals after finishing third in the seven-nation pool. Pakistan's reward for the four-wicket victory in Colombo is a likely clash with the West Indies or England. The last-eight scenario will be known on Sunday after India take on the Windies -- England have already played all their round-robin fixtures. Murali helps Sri Lanka secure second place. Pakistan went into the match against Australia in fourth place, a point behind New Zealand -- who will now play Group B winners South Africa following the Proteas' 206-run thrashing of co-hosts Bangladesh earlier on Saturday. Australia, seeking a fifth title in the 10th staging of the 50-over tournament, posted a poor total of 176 all out -- the team's lowest at a World Cup since 1992 -- as Pakistan's opening bowler Umar Gul took 3-30 and all-rounder Abdul Razzaq chipped in with 2-8. Opener Brad Haddin top-scored with 42 while vice-captain Michael Clarke made 34 as the Australians were bowled out in 46.4 overs. Veteran fast bowler Brett Lee made Pakistan battle as he claimed four wickets but Asad Shafiq continued his promising start to his international career with 46 and 20-year-old Umar Akmal was unbeaten at the end on 44. With Pakistan teetering a little on 142-6, Razzaq weighed in with 20 off 24 balls to guide his team home with nine overs to spare. South Africa secured a fifth win in six outings by ending Bangladesh's hopes of progressing with a one-sided victory in Dhaka. Jacques Kallis (69), Faf du Plessis (52) and opener Hashim Amla (51) all made half-centuries as the Proteas compiled a daunting 284-8, with captain Graeme Smith contributing 45 to a first-wicket stand of 97. Bangladesh then collapsed to 78 all out, mirroring the earlier capitulation against the West Indies which yielded 20 fewer runs. Left-arm fast bowler Lonwabo Tsotsobe claimed three early wickets, and spin bowler Robin Peterson continued the steady flow of departing batsmen with impressive figures of 4-12 from his seven overs.
MEXICO CITY (CNN) -- A 44-year-old Bolivian drug addict and alcoholic who describes himself as a church minister was the sole person responsible for the brief hijacking Wednesday of a commercial jetliner, a Mexican official said.|||Military personnel surround a hijacked Aeromexico jet after it landed Wednesday in Mexico City. The suspect, Josmar Flores Pereira, told authorities he hijacked the Boeing 737 jet because the date -- September 9, 2009, or 9/9/9, and 666 reversed -- held some significance for him, said Genaro Garcia Luna, the secretary for public safety. "He said that because of that divine reference, he wanted to alert Mexico City of an earthquake," Garcia told reporters. Flanked by two police officers, the suspect -- wearing a white shirt and blue jeans -- was then paraded in front of the news media. Chewing gum, he smiled. "Christ is coming soon," he told reporters before being escorted off. He said that he had attached colored lights to a can and that there had been no bomb. The hijacker took control of Aeromexico Flight 576 as the jet flew from the resort town of Cancun, telling a flight attendant he was one of three hijackers, Garcia said.  Watch CNN's Rick Sanchez report on the hijacking as it unfolded ». He said a cardboard box he had contained a bomb, and threatened to blow it up if his demand to speak to President Felipe Calderon was not met, Garcia said. Calderon was in the presidential hangar in the airport preparing to depart when the incident began, leading him to cancel his planned flight, CNN affiliate TV Azteca reported. The hijacking apparently went unnoticed by many of those aboard the plane, which landed five minutes ahead of scheduled and was moved to a remote area of the airport. Passengers, clutching their hand luggage, walked from the plane and down a moveable stairway onto the tarmac, where they got into buses. Pamela Cheatham, who said she was on the flight en route to Colorado, told CNN that nothing appeared amiss until the plane did not go directly to the terminal. Instead, the pilot announced that, for security purposes, the plane was gong to have to sit on the tarmac for a few minutes, she said. "But when we saw the SWAT team and guys with the guns on both sides of the airline, we knew something was up," she said. Moments later, the suspect and several other people were taken into custody, TV Azteca said. The package turned out not to contain explosives, the station said. Garcia said the other people who were detained turned out not to be involved.  Watch Aeromexico passengers being released ». A U.S. law enforcement official familiar with the situation said preliminary information indicated there were 112 passengers aboard the plane, all from Mexico, the United States or France. "The flight was very tranquil," said Marisa Lopez, a passenger who was seated in Row 24 with her baby. She said the only thing that caught her attention was the large number of emergency vehicles that were lined up along the tarmac when they arrived, five minutes ahead of schedule. "Really, it was all very peaceful," she said. "We saw nothing." Others were more aware of what was going on. "It was very difficult, but the pilot told us to remain calm," said another passenger, who added that many of the passengers were families returning from vacation in Cancun.  Read timeline of events ». The woman said the hijacker never spoke to them during the 45 minutes they were held. "We were scared," said another woman. "But it seemed like things got under control when we came down. We were immediately surrounded, when we landed, by federal police." Flores' wife, speaking with CNN by telephone from their home in the southern Mexican city of Oaxaca, said her husband had been looking for a way to get his message about God to the news media. "He never wanted to hurt anyone," said Elisa Melgar, 38, the mother of their three sons and his wife of 18 years. "As his wife, I support him," she said, adding her husband had not touched alcohol or drugs for the past 17 years. "He's a man who was transformed by the power of God." A video posted on YouTube shows the suspect singing that God had saved him from a life of drug addiction.
SEATTLE, Washington (CNN) -- An outbreak of flu at Washington State University showed few signs of slowing down as more students continued to report symptoms suspected of being from the H1N1 virus, school officials said Wednesday.|||WSU Web page gives information, advice to students who suspect they may have H1N1 virus. About 2,500 students have come down with possible cases of H1N1 since classes began August 24, said James Tinney, WSU director of media relations. He added, "It takes about three to four days to get over the virus, so many of the people who have had it are already feeling better and are back in class." On Wednesday, 169 new suspected cases of the virus, also known as swine flu, were reported among the nearly 18,000 students that make up the school's Pullman, Washington campus, according to a university news release. The university said while it is no longer testing sick students to confirm H1N1, it is following guidelines from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention and the local health department by "treating all patients with influenza-like symptoms as if they have H1N1." Students who contact the school health services department complaining of symptoms of swine flu are urged to stay at home and drink fluids. None of the suspected H1N1 cases have required hospitalization so far, said a university news release.  Watch report on what to look for with H1N1 ». Despite the high number of possible cases, media director Tinney said the students and faculty are not alarmed. "The symptoms are fairly mild; some people have said milder than a regular case of the flu. I don't see people walking around the campus wearing masks," he said.  Read about H1N1 facts ». But Tinney said officials were surprised that the long Labor Day weekend, when most students left campus, did not do more to interrupt the virus' spread. "I guess we are an early test case of how this virus will spread over the population," Tinney said.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Police have arrested a Pakistani teenager accused of writing insulting comments about Muslim prophet Mohammed in a school exam, a senior police official said.|||Police arrested 17-year-old Sami Ullah in Karachi after receiving a complaint from the local board of education, said Karachi police official Qudrat Shah Lodhi. Lodhi declined to say what Ullah wrote in his high school exam for fear of violating Pakistan's blasphemy laws himself. The controversial laws say whoever defiles the name of the prophet shall be punished by death or imprisoned for life. The laws came into sharp focus late last year when liberal Pakistani politician Salman Taseer was gunned down after leading a public campaign to change them. Taseer said the laws were being misused to persecute minorities. Ullah -- the latest Pakistani to be accused of blasphemy -- is a Muslim, according to police. He wrote the alleged blasphemous comments when taking a school exam in April 2010, police said. It's not clear why it took months for the board of education's complaint against Ullah to reach police. Ullah has apologized for his comments and begged the court for leniency, police said. Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A former University of Virginia lacrosse player convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend was sentenced to 23 years in prison on Thursday, according to the Commonwealth Attorney's office in Charlottesville, Virginia.|||In February, a Charlottesville jury found George Huguely, 24, guilty of second-degree murder and grand larceny in the May 2010 death of Yeardley Love. Circuit Court Judge Edward Hogshire sentenced Huguely to 23 years for murder and to one year, concurrent with that sentence, for the larceny charge. He also sentenced Huguely to three years of supervised release. The judge's decision was slightly less than the recommendation of the jury, which had suggested the defendant be sentenced to 26 years in prison. Virginia does not have parole. Huguely may earn time for good behavior during his incarceration, but the maximum credit he can receive is 15%. In other words, he must serve at least 85% of his sentence, or roughly 19Â½ years. "We love George and will always support him," Huguely's family said in a statement soon after sentencing. "We hope and pray that the passage of time will bring some semblance of peace and healing to each and everyone who has been affected by this tragedy, most especially the Love family." The case captured national attention and highlighted the volatile relationship of star athletes Huguely and Love, 22. Both played lacrosse for the university's nationally ranked teams. The jury did not agree with the prosecution that Huguely was guilty of first-degree murder, and it acquitted him on several other charges, including robbery, and breaking and entering to commit larceny. Huguely has never denied he was in Love's apartment nor that they had a fight. At the center of the case were dueling portraits of Huguely, who prosecutors contend killed Love in a jealous rage. The defense argued the death was accidental. Prosecutors claimed Huguely followed through with a threat to kill Love after accusing her of having a liaison with a lacrosse player from a competing university. "I should have killed you," he wrote in an e-mail to Love, which was read during the trial. The defense argued that Huguely contributed to her death but had no intention of killing her. During the trial, Huguely attorney Francis Lawrence described his client as "stupid, drunk -- but not calculating." Police were initially called to Love's Charlottesville apartment by a roommate who reported a possible alcohol overdose, authorities said at the time. A medical examiner found Love died of blunt force trauma to the head. The prosecution told jurors that Love's death was slow and painful, claiming she could have remained alive for a couple of hours after Huguely left her apartment. Inside an emotionally charged courtroom, Huguely hung his head and appeared to cry during the sentencing phase that followed the jury's verdict. "George's decision and judgment were clouded by drinking, immaturity," attorney Rhonda Quagliana told the jurors. "It's not an excuse. It's not a justification. It's just a fact ... (at the time) George is a 22-year-old immersed in sex and alcohol." In Session's Jessica Thill, Michael Christian, Jean Casarez and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Queen Elizabeth II has a new profile pic. @BritishMonarchy tweeted the image Sunday, noting it was released to mark her 88th birthday Monday.|||It's not a selfie. In fact, famed British photographer David Bailey took it at Buckingham Palace last month, according to the BBC. "I've always been a huge fan of the Queen," Bailey told the BBC. "She has very kind eyes with a mischievous glint. I've always liked strong women, and she is a very strong woman." The black and white photo shows the Queen with a broad smile and three strands of pearls around her royal neck. #HappyBirthdayYourMajesty. The BBC report said the portrait was commissioned by Britain's "Great" campaign to promote tourism and trade in the United Kingdom.
(CNN) -- The Navy identified Thursday the two crew members who died when their F/A-18F Super Hornet crashed during a training flight in central California.|||The fighter jet, manufactured by Boeing, went down Wednesday afternoon just west of Naval Air Station Lemoore. Lt. Matthew Ira Lowe, 33, of Plantation, Florida, and Lt. Nathan Hollingsworth Williams, 28, of Oswego, New York, were killed when the plane crashed in a farm field, the air station said in a statement. Lowe, the pilot, earned the Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal and the National Defense Service Medal during his career. Williams, a naval flight officer who managed the plane's weapons systems, earned the Air Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Sea Service Deployment ribbon and Pistol Marksmanship Medal. A Navy review board is investigating the incident. Capt. James Knapp, commanding officer of the station, said the plane and crew were assigned to Strike Fighter Squadron 122.
(CNN) -- Not everyone wishes others well in fulfilling their New Year's resolutions.|||Giyen Kim has gone from 190 to 186 pounds in four weeks. A doctor says that's "very reasonable." On a video that Giyen Kim recently posted on iReport.com about her frustration with trying to lose weight, one user commented, "Who cares how much you have lost you are still a fat a**. Stop eating and go to the gym." In the past, Kim might have cried and turned to a pint of ice cream for comfort, she reflected. But this time, she hit the gym -- a reaction she views as a revelation. "I think that when you are doing what you need to be doing, things like that don't matter," she said. See Kim talk about losing weight. Kim, 34, is one of many CNN readers who are using CNN's iReport.com to share frequent updates of progress on their New Year's resolutions. iReport.com: Share your journey to change. Kim started out at 190 pounds on January 1 with the intention of losing about a pound or two a week throughout the year. Lately she has been cooking more for herself and trying to stay away from foods that have refined carbohydrates. She also tries to eat one vegan meal every day, but still occasionally indulges in bacon, the namesake for her blog Bacon is My Enemy. She exercises six days a week, mostly cardio, but wants to work on strength training and resistance training. She would also like to take step classes. So far she's shed four pounds in four weeks, but the pace feels slow compared with her diet regimens in the past, she said. She found that those extreme diet plans were not realistic options in the long run for maintaining a comfortable weight. Still, Kim maintains a positive outlook on her situation. "No matter if you get derailed, if you just pick yourself up again and get back on track, it makes a big difference," she said. "If you're in a place of feeling good about yourself, regardless of how your self-image has been in the past, it propels you to go forward." Dr. Melina Jampolis, a physician nutrition specialist from San Francisco, California, said losing a pound per week is very reasonable. At most, Kim could probably lose an additional half-pound to pound a week, "but any more than that and she would probably be losing water weight and muscle," Jampolis said. Jampolis recommends that Kim keep a daily journal of what she eats, and review it to see where she might be able to cut 50 to 100 calories, and where there might be hidden calories in her diet. Kim should also make sure she is varying the intensity, duration, and type of workout, Jampolis said. "As she loses weight and becomes more fit, she is burning fewer calories doing the same thing, so it is critical to change things up," Jampolis said. But generally Kim's current pace is great -- "At that rate, she will be down another 20 pounds by summer!" Jampolis said. As far as Kim's professional goals, she has secured an interim position at a non-profit organization, and continues to do video blogs for Momversation.com. The market for freelance writers is tough, particularly with many newspapers struggling, she said. Still, Kim is optimistic about following her dream to become a writer. "I'm not optimistic about our economic future as a country, but as far as me and my journey to find happiness, and accomplish some of these goals that I've had -- weight loss and following my writing passion -- absolutely, I'm still really positive about it," she said.
The first commercial supply mission by Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned Cygnus spacecraft has docked at the International Space Station, NASA said Sunday.|||Crew members on the ISS will open the hatch Monday and unload 2,780 pounds of supplies and experiments, the news release said. With the mission, Orbital officially joins SpaceX as a resupply carrier to the space station. Orbital successfully tested a spacecraft with a smaller payload in mid-September. "From the men and women involved in the design, integration and test, to those who launched the Antares (rocket) and operated the Cygnus, our whole team has performed at a very high level for our NASA customer, and I am very proud of their extraordinary efforts," said David W. Thompson, president and chief executive officer of Orbital, in a written statement from the company. The experiments sent up to the six ISS crew members include one that will study how different fuel samples burn in microgravity, which could help designers select future spacecraft materials. The ship took off from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in eastern Virginia on Thursday aboard an Antares rocket. A previous attempt at launch was scrubbed in December because the ISS crew needed time to conduct spacewalks for repairs. It took two hours Sunday morning for the crew to grab the spaceship and attach it to the ISS. The Cygnus craft will be berthed for 37 days before being loaded with trash and sent back to Earth, Orbital said. It will burn up during re-entry over the Pacific Ocean, officials said. Orbital has a $1.9 billion contract with NASA to make eight flights to the space station under the space agency's commercial supply program. NASA hired Orbital and SpaceX to start making cargo runs to the space station after retiring its fleet of space shuttles and turning much of its focus toward exploring deep into the solar system. SpaceX has so far made two of its 12 scheduled flights to the ISS under a $1.6 billion contract. According to NASA's 2014 launch calendar, its next flight is due to launch on February 22 from Cape Canaveral in Florida. Orbital's next mission is scheduled for May 1.
(Health.com) -- Women who take fish-oil supplements during pregnancy are just as likely to experience postpartum depression as those who don't, and their babies' minds don't appear to develop more quickly, according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.|||However, the supplements do appear to reduce the risk of preterm birth, a benefit seen in earlier studies. Previous research has suggested that eating more fish during pregnancy may help stave off postpartum depression and promote cognitive development in young children. Both fish and fish-oil supplements contain the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which is believed to play an important role in brain function. Health.com: Supplements for depression: what works, what doesn't. "It may be that there are certain other things about eating fish, not just the fish oil, that [are] beneficial," says Dr. Cheryl Cipriani, M.D., an infancy specialist and professor of medicine at the Texas A&M Health Science Center, in Dallas. The overall diet -- or even the lifestyle -- of pregnant women who eat a lot of fish may explain the benefits seen in earlier studies, says Cipriani, who was not involved in the new research. In the new study, the largest of its kind to date, researchers in Australia randomly assigned about 2,400 pregnant women to take 800 milligrams of DHA per day or placebo capsules containing vegetable oil. The rates of postpartum depression six months after the women gave birth were not measurably different in the DHA group (10 percent) versus the placebo group (11 percent). Health.com: How omega-3 fatty acids may relieve depression. Nor did the children of the women in the two groups score any differently at age 18 months on a series of tests designed to measure cognitive, motor, and communication skills. (Only about 700 children participated in this phase of the study.) As in previous studies, women taking DHA supplements were less likely to give birth prematurely. And that may be enough of a reason for pregnant women to take them, says Dr. Emily Oken, M.D., an associate professor of population medicine at Harvard Medical School, in Boston. "I think it's clear from the studies that [supplements] are safe and seem to have benefits for the prevention of preterm birth," says Oken, who wrote an editorial accompanying the study. "There's still reasonable evidence to suggest that it's helpful for women to make sure they're getting the recommended amount of DHA during pregnancy, which is currently 200 milligrams a day." DHA supplements may be most useful to women who are at risk of delivering early, such as those who have already had a preterm baby, are carrying twins, or who conceived via in vitro fertilization. Preterm birth itself has been linked to worse cognitive outcomes in children and an increased risk of postpartum depression, Oken points out. Health.com: Foods to boost your mood. The findings aren't likely to be the last word on DHA during pregnancy. Experts say the study had several limitations that will need to be addressed in future research. For instance, the study may not have been large enough to detect subtle yet meaningful differences between the two groups of mothers and children, says Dr. Charles Bauer, M.D., a professor of pediatrics, ob-gyn, and psychology at the University of Miami's Miller School of Medicine. "They would have had to have a huge number of people to show differences, and it would have had to be a dramatic difference," he says. In addition, the children in the study may have been too young to exhibit any DHA-related differences in cognitive development. Speech -- a key aspect of development -- is still rudimentary at age 18 months, Bauer notes. (The study authors plan to do follow-up tests when the children are 4 years old.) Health.com: How fish oil supports heart health. Finally, many women were excluded from the study because they were already taking DHA supplements, which might have skewed the results. "It may have been that women at higher risk for depression, for example, had chosen to take supplements," Oken says. Despite the unanswered questions, experts stress that everyone -- not just pregnant women -- should get plenty of DHA in their diet, preferably from fatty fish such as salmon, mackerel, trout, and sardines, rather than supplements. DHA is "essential for multiple systems," including cardiovascular and neurological systems, Bauer says. Copyright Health Magazine 2011.
Rapper Gucci Mane will serve 39 months in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to a federal firearms charge.|||The plea agreement worked out with prosecutors saves Gucci Mane, 33, whose real name is Radric Davis, considerable time behind bars. He was facing up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $500,000 on two counts of possessing a firearm as a felon after a pair of September incidents in which he reportedly showed a gun and threatened police. Both came on the same week that Atlantic Records reportedly dropped his recording contract. "On September 12, 2013, Davis, who was a felon at the time, was found in possession of a firearm," a federal prosecutor's news release said. "Then, just two days later, on September 14th, he again possessed a firearm different from the earlier gun. On both occasions, Davis displayed the loaded firearm, acted erratically, and made threats to individuals, including police and his attorney." Davis has had numerous brushes with the law. In 2012, Davis was arrested for hitting a man over the head with a champagne bottle at an Atlanta nightclub. The man told police the incident occurred after he tried to strike up a conversation with the rapper. In 2010, he was arrested in Atlanta for violating a number of traffic laws, but the charges were dismissed. In 2005, Davis was charged with murder in the shooting death of a man, but the charge was dropped because of insufficient evidence. "The criminal history of the defendant, Radric Davis shows a complete and utter disregard for the lives of others as well as for their personal pursuits," Aladino Ortiz with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said Tuesday. Sentencing is scheduled for July 28.
(CNN) -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest.|||I am proud of my Muslim faith and my modesty. I am proud to follow God's law. Nobody ever forced me to wear the full veil and I have been wearing it for around 10 years now. In fact, very few of my friends actually wear one. There are, of course, situations in which some men force their wives or daughters to wear the burqa but, believe me, these cases are a very, very small minority. For those of us who are believers, we just want to do God's will and live by the sacred text, so what any man says has nothing to do with that. I am testament to that as I don't have a husband and I practice my religion freely, that's why I'm always shocked when people say it's the husband who forces his wife to wear a burqa. It is actually the case that a lot of men in France do not wish their wives to wear the full veil because when they go out, they are insulted or attacked and their husbands don't want them to be put in that situation. I first started wearing the full veil when I was a teenager but I stopped for a while because when you're young, you don't want to be set apart, you want to look like everyone else. But later after seeing what was happening with terrorist attacks involving Muslims all over the world, I decided to become more conscious and find out more about my faith. In the process, I found myself becoming more spiritual and decided to start wearing the burqa. Now, my liberty is being threatened with this law proposed by the French government. If this law is passed, it will be a great injustice. It is very unfair that they are even considering this law. Perhaps the French authorities are terrified that women will start dressing like this, despite evidence to the contrary. Why am I, as a Muslim woman, targeted unfairly, when there are less than 2,000 of us in France who wear the burqa? Where is my freedom of clothing or expression? France prides itself as a country that upholds the rights of man but where are my rights? Why am I not free to wear what I want? Many cite security reasons because they can't tell who is under the veil. But myself and a lot of women who wear the burqa are always happy to identify ourselves when asked. In the past, I have taken off my veil when it is asked of me -- as long as it's a woman who does it. My religion demands that I cover my face in front of any man who is not either my brother, father or husband. I have been wearing the veil in France for years and it has never been a problem, I use public transport like everyone else and I've never had any problems. Although, it can be quite strange when I'm on a bus for example and people say to me: 'You poor thing, we feel sorry for you.' And I wonder exactly why they feel sorry for me. I'm very happy wearing the veil and it makes me spiritually fulfilled as I'm practicing my religion, so I don't really see it as anything to pity me for. I really believe that France is scared of Muslims, which is the motivation for this law, but people shouldn't generalize as not all Muslims are the same. Yes, some have done terrible things, but it is done in the name of man, never in the name of God. I, as a French Muslim woman, have nothing but love in my heart towards all people. And whatever the outcome, if France succeeds in banning the veil on its streets, I will never take mine off. My freedom means a lot to me and if this law is passed, I would rather move to another country where I can worship in peace. I obey the laws of God not the laws of man. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oumkheyr.
(CNN) -- At their president's urging, Sri Lankans took to the streets Sunday to rail against a critical United Nations report that found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country's civil war.|||Hundreds turned out for the peaceful demonstration in Colombo, answering a call from President Mahinda Rajapaksa. The protesters, who joined up with a larger May Day rally demonstrating for worker's rights, targeted the United Nations, some of them holding up signs tweaking the world body's Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. It was in response to a U.N. report released Monday, in which a three-member panel recommended that Sri Lanka immediately conduct an investigation into the alleged violations of international law and take other measures to "advance accountability." Human rights groups have already alleged that both government troops and Tamil Tiger rebels violated humanitarian laws and that thousands of civilians were killed during the war, which ended in May 2009 after the government declared victory. The rebels had fought a 26-year bloody separatist war that left thousands dead and large numbers of others internally displaced, according to the United Nations. The report concluded there were "credible allegations, which if proven, indicate that a wide range of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international humanitarian rights law was committed both by the government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE (rebels), some of which would amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity." In the war's final stage, which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009, the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of northern Sri Lanka known as the Vanni, where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting. The report said the government used "large-scale and widespread shelling" that left large numbers of civilians dead. Some of the shelling happened in no-fire zones where the government had encouraged civilians to congregate, the report said. Government forces also shelled a U.N. hub, food distribution lines and fired near ships belonging to the International Committee of the Red Cross that were picking up the wounded and their relatives from beaches, the report said. The government shelled hospitals on the front lines as well, some of them repeatedly, the report said. "Most civilian casualties in the final phases of the war were caused by government shelling," the report said. The U.N. secretary-general's spokesman said Ban "sincerely hopes that this advisory report will make a contribution to full accountability and justice so that the Sri Lankan government and people will be able to proceed towards national reconciliation and peace." CNN's Aliza Kassim and journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Georgia man allegedly slapped a toddler at a Walmart store because she wouldn't stop crying, authorities said.|||Roger Stephens allegedly slapped a stranger's crying toddler in a Walmart store in Stone Mountain, Georgia. Roger Stephens, 61, was arrested Monday and charged with first-degree cruelty to children. An incident report obtained from police in Gwinnett County indicated Stephens did not know the 2-year-old girl he stands accused of hitting. The confrontation happened shortly before noon at the Walmart in Stone Mountain, a suburb of Atlanta. According to the arresting officer, the child's mother said her daughter was crying as they walked down one of the aisles. The mother said a stranger later identified as Stephens approached them and said, "If you don't shut the baby up, I will shut her up for you."  Watch what the stranger said ». A few moments later, while the mother and the crying child were in another aisle, Stephens allegedly grabbed the girl and slapped her across the face. Police said he hit her four or five times. "See, I told you I would shut her up," the suspect allegedly told the mother. Authorities described "slight redness" to the toddler's face. Before he was arrested, Stephens apologized to the mother for striking the girl, the incident report said. Stephens, a Stone Mountain resident, is being held by the Gwinnett County Sheriff's Department.
(CNN) -- Do you ever look at your smartphone and think it's just too stiff and flat? A growing number of tech giants have, and they're aiming to fix that with what may become the next wave of smartphone innovation.|||LG announced on Monday that it will start mass-producing a flexible, curved smartphone screen. Its first devices to use the new 6-inch OLED screens will be available next year. Several companies have shown prototypes of flexible displays before, but so far there haven't been any mass-market bendy phones. Samsung announced a similar screen technology last month and plans to release the 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 3, its first device with a curved display, later in October. Apple has long been rumored to be looking into similar technology for the iPhone. A patent filed in March describes an "electronic device with wrap around display" that would go around most, or all, of the device. Apple, like other companies, sometimes files patents for products that never come to market. What's clear in the minds of many is that the coming wave of flexible and curved displays is just the first step in what could become a dramatic shift in what we expect of our phones. "What we're seeing today is a big step toward a break from the rectangular norm of smartphone design, paving the way for more outlandish shapes and sizes for future devices," Aaron Souppouris, of tech blog The Verge, wrote Monday. Since Apple released the keyboard-killing iPhone, the physical design of smartphones has pretty much stagnated. The touchscreen rectangles have appeared in different sizes, and recently companies like Motorola and Apple have tried to spice things up with different colors and patterns on the back. But the basic look is the same. Most of the serious competition takes place inside the devices. Manufacturers compete for the best camera, the fastest processor, the widest selection of apps and, of course, low price tags. When all those specs are close and the devices start to blend together, companies turn to splashier -- some might say gimmicky -- features to try to make their 5-inch Android smartphones stand out from the other guy's 5-inch Android smartphones. The Samsung Galaxy S4 has a motion-controlled scrolling feature to make it easier to read text without tiring your fingers. Apple recently added a fingerprint sensor that makes it faster to unlock your phone. Some companies are trying to change how you interact with your phone, such as Apple and Google, which are pushing voice-activated interfaces like Siri and Google Voice. And now there are curved displays. LG says its technology works because the panels are built not on glass, but on plastic substrates. Also called wafers, substrates are thin slices of material that act as semiconductors. The new LG display will curve in from top to bottom. So, other than the "gee whiz" factor, what are the advantages of a curved or flexible screen for smartphone owners? To start, a flexible display is thinner and lighter than a glass display. In a field where companies (Apple chief among them) brag about being a fraction of an inch or a few millimeters thinner than the competition, that's apparently an issue. LG and others also market the screens as unbreakable. It's not entirely clear what the practical benefits are of a curved, concave 6-inch screen, beyond the novelty of having a curved screen. Samsung has said that a curved screen would have more viewing space in the same footprint. There are already curved TVs on the market that use similar technology. They take advantage of the flexible OLED displays and offer a screen that curves in towards the viewer on the left and right sides, supposedly for a more immersive visual experience. The effect won't work the same way on a small 6-inch screen, though. The TV panels are stuck in their curved position permanently and cannot actually be re-bent, so the flexibility is gone. The other big mobile trend that has been bubbling up over the past year is wearable peripheral devices that connect to your smartphone, like smart glasses and watches. If LG or Samsung gets the flexible display technology right, it could prove extremely useful in the new wave of small screens that the tech industry is betting we'll wear on our bodies in the coming years. The bulky and poorly received Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch, for example, could greatly benefit from a screen that molds to your wrist instead of the giant solid square it sports now. CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect, who also died, authorities said.|||Col. Greg Malloy, 44, was mortally wounded, the Florida Department of Corrections said in a statement. Malloy was working as part of the Holmes Correctional Institution's K-9 tracking team, which was assisting the Holmes County Sheriff's Office in the search for Wade Williams. Williams, wanted in the double homicide of his parents, was also killed during the exchange, according to the statement. The incident occurred about 13 miles from Bonifay in the Florida Panhandle. "Words can never express our emotions when an officer falls in the line of duty," said Department of Corrections Secretary Walt McNeil. "Tragedies such as today's underscore the dangers inherent in our profession, both inside and outside the prison walls. We extend our condolences to Greg's family and his co-workers." Malloy began his career with the Department of Corrections in 1988. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is conducting the shooting investigation. The Holmes County sheriff had not yet responded to a message left by CNN Wednesday afternoon.
Philadelphia (CNN) -- A Philadelphia judge threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Dr. Kermit Gosnell, the abortion clinic doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions at a bedraggled facility.|||Common Pleas Court Judge Jeffery P. Minehart also tossed all five abuse of corpse charges levied against the 72-year-old physician for storing the feet of aborted fetuses in plastic containers in his defunct Women's Medical Society clinic in West Philadelphia. Minehart also dismissed one count of infanticide, the intentional killing of an infant. Gosnell originally faced eight counts of murder for the deaths of seven babies and a 41-year-old Virginia woman, Karnamaya Mongar, who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion. He has pleaded not guilty. Authorities allege that some of the infants were born viable and alive during the sixth, seventh and eighth months of pregnancy and then were killed with scissors, which were used to cut their spinal cords. In Pennsylvania, abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake. Victim's daughter offers emotional testimony in trial of abortion doctor. Defense attorney Jack McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed; rather, he said, they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the drug Digoxin, which can cause abortion. "Digoxin, fetal demise, no heartbeat," barked McMahon, his mouth pressed in a flat line as he stood next to his client with a hand on his hip. "Everybody wants it to be something else, but that's the evidence." McMahon also argued that Gosnell was saving the jars containing fetal remains for DNA testing in possible rape cases and other study, he said. Along with an examination chair with stirrups facing the jury box, a sonogram machine and other medical devices are on display in the center of the courtroom. During the afternoon session, the courtroom swelled with onlookers, including members of a law class from nearby Drexel University and anti-abortion supporters who traveled from across the eastern seaboard. After Tuesday's proceedings, a priest and other spectators offered words of encouragement to prosecutors Joanne Pescatore and Edward Cameron. Day Gardner, founder and president of the National Black Pro-Life Union, who attended several days of the trial, said she is "disappointed" about the tossed charges. "The judge made his decision based on what he thinks they (prosecutors) can prove. That's the only thing we can hold onto," said Gardner, who traveled from Washington. "I'm here because this man preyed on poor women in the black community. He thinks no one should care, but I do." A grand jury investigation determined that health and licensing officials had received reports about Gosnell's practices for two decades but had taken no action, Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said. When authorities searched Gosnell's office, they found bags and bottles holding aborted fetuses scattered throughout the building. Jars containing the severed feet of babies lined a shelf. Furniture and equipment was bloodstained, dusty and broken. The city's Chief Medical Examiner Sam Gulino told jurors this month that he had to examine the remains of 47 aborted fetuses that were stored in water jugs, pet food containers and a freezer inside the abortion clinic as part of the investigation into the charges against Gosnell. Medical examiner had to thaw fetal remains in Philly abortion doctor case. Minehart also dismissed six of the nine counts of theft by deception against Gosnell co-defendant Eileen O'Neill, 56, a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at the Women's Medical Society. O'Neill, who did not have a medical license, is not charged with performing abortions but with participating in the operation of a "corrupt organization." Meanwhile, a gag order remains in place preventing attorneys or the jury from speaking to the media. If found guilty, Gosnell could be sentenced to death.
The Somali pirates roaming the waters off the Horn of Africa push global trade costs up by billions of dollars per year and severely affect the economic activities of neighboring countries, a new World Bank report has found.|||Although hijackings in the region have dropped significantly since last year, piracy could still cost the global economy an estimated $18 billion annually, according to the "Pirates of Somalia: Ending the Threat, Rebuilding a Nation" report, launched Thursday in the Somali capital of Mogadishu. Read this: Peace concert rocks Mogadishu. The increased costs come as shippers are forced to change trading routes, sending fuel bills soaring, as well as pay higher insurance premiums and security bills for guards on board. But apart from making international trade more expensive, the threat of piracy in one of the world's most important trade gateways is also an economic blow for neighboring East African countries, particularly in the pillar sectors of tourism and fishing, said the report. Since 2006, tourism spending in East African coastal countries has risen 25% more slowly than other sub-Saharan African nations, mainly because of fewer arrivals from high-income citizens of OECD countries. Piracy in the region is thought to have tarnished its image as a stable holiday destination, with visits to impacted East African coastal nations down by nearly 6.5% relative to visits to other countries. According to the World Bank, exports of fish products from piracy-hit countries have also suffered, declining by  23.8% since 2006, the year the report takes as the starting point of piracy. The World Bank defines piracy-affected countries as Comoros, Djibouti, Kenya, Mozambique, Madagascar, Mauritius, the Seychelles, Somalia, Tanzania, as well as Yemen, Pakistan and the countries of the Persian Gulf. Read this: 'New hope for Somalia' The economy of war-torn Somalia, which last September moved closer to stability after electing its first president on home soil in decades, is also severely hit; piracy-related trade costs increase by up to $6 million annually, without considering that potential sea-based economic activities are constrained by piracy. The authors of the report said the solution to ending piracy will only come with the recreation of a functional Somali state and urged the international community to focus on helping the East African county build a viable political system. "Piracy is a symptom of the breakdown of Somalia's political system," said economist and lead author of the report Quy-Toan Do. "Go after the system, not just the pirates." According to the report, 1,068 attacks have been carried out by Somali pirates since January 2005. Of these, 218 resulted in successful hijackings, with an estimated $53 million average annual ransom paid. Between 82 and 97 casualties are believed to have occurred as a result of these attacks. Attacks peaked in 2011, but have declined sharply since, largely because of increased mobilization of international naval forces and tighter security adopted by the shipping industry. A report earlier this week by advocacy group Oceans Beyond Piracy said that maritime piracy cost the global economy between $5.7 and $6.1 billion in 2012, much lower than the World Bank figures.
London, England (CNN) -- Can we all get a better deal by making purchases together?|||That's the idea behind a new breed of "group buying" Web sites -- at least one of which may be valued at more than $1 billion. It's hardly a stretch to predict that group buying will become one of the biggest Web trends of 2010, and the market leader will be one of the most closely-watched sites of the year. Groupon, which traces its origins back to 2008, has a simple premise: If enough people agree to buy something, they all get a big discount. Today's deal for those in New York: Save 50 percent on a $20 purchase of cupcakes from "ChikaLicious Dessert Club." If 450 people agree to the deal, everyone saves money. If that critical number is not reached, however, the deal is a dud. The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers, and the number of cities in the network is growing fast. It's a good idea for sure, but it might also be an incredibly valuable one. Web rumors this week suggest Groupon may be in the process of raising a new round of venture capital at a $1.2 billion valuation. The money follows a $30 million round that valued Groupon at $250 million. In layman's terms: Investors think Groupon is set to be the Web's next breakout hit. Groupon's competitors are seeing big investment, too. Rival site LivingSocial recently raised $25 million. BuyWithMe has raised $5.5 million. How many group buying sites are there now? Possibly dozens: SocialBuy, Groop Swoop and Scoop St., to name a few. The dynamics of group buying mean that Groupon has a significant early advantage, however: The more users a site can gain, the more leverage it has to score big discounts from businesses. It's a hot market we should have seen coming. The top Web trends at the start of the year included the "real-time Web" and "location." With almost constant web connectivity provided by smartphones and free Wi-Fi at coffee shops, airports and bookstores -- not to mention the immediacy of Twitter and Facebook -- we've come to expect instant gratification online. Group buying meets that need. Groupon is local, too, targeting deals to metropolitan areas. There's a further trend Groupon capitalizes upon: Social networking brings us together to share opinions and experiences ... why not deals too? Is Groupon worth a billion dollars? Could the group buying market be worth multiple billions? Investors seem prepared to make that bet. © 2013 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- It wasn't until December 6 that Latinos could access CuidadoDeSalud.gov -- the extremely delayed and poorly translated Spanish version of HealthCare.gov. The thrown-together Spanish website has been a thorn in the President's side with the Latino community.|||It's no surprise that support for Obamacare has waned among Latinos. A Pew Research poll found that last year disapproval of Obamacare among Hispanics increased 11 points from September 2013 to December 2013. The White House is worried. Not enough Americans are signing up for Democrats' misguided health care law. And that means more problems -- most notably higher costs -- could be on the horizon. So the administration is scrambling in the final three weeks of the enrollment period to sign up enough people to make the health care law work. Yet the White House is ignoring an inconvenient truth: Obamacare is hurting far too many of our friends and neighbors in the Latino community. The problems go far beyond the demeaning and sloppy cuidadodesalud.gov. One of the biggest fears the White House has is the low enrollment of millennials. Sixty-five percent of Latinos in this country are 22 to 35 years old, they are key to the success of Obamacare. If enough of them don't sign up for insurance plans, individuals may expect to face higher average costs. But millennials say they aren't signing up because coverage is unaffordable -- or doesn't make sense for them. Fusion, a new English-language Latino TV network, illustrated the trouble with the health care law when they interviewed a 28-year-old Obama supporter who says he won't sign up for coverage because "he'd rather spend the money on his business, rather than spend it on insurance he says won't even help him that much." Besides the affordability and enrollment problems for young people, our abuelos -- grandparents -- will be hurt by the new health care law as well. Due to Medicare reductions under Obamacare, Medicare Advantage is being cut. The National Medical Hispanic Association has called the payment cuts "disturbing" -- and rightfully so. Thirty-eight percent of Latinos with incomes of $20,000 or less enrolled in Medicare Advantage may face higher fees and fewer benefits. But the pain for our community doesn't end there. Across the country, Obamacare is bound to take a toll on some of the 2.3 million Hispanic-owned businesses and 1.9 million workers they help employ. The law has made it harder for businesses to hire more workers, and full-time workers have seen their hours reduced to part-time. Ruben Rivas, owner of a small business called H2Only Renewable Cleaning, told Telemundo, "There is no way we can pay or provide employees their health insurance, because there is no margin. If I do that, I have to close the doors -- then no one is going to work. Unfortunately, we are trying to convert our employees from eight hours to 5.5 hours (daily) as stated in the new law." Hispanics came to this country in search of the promise of individual freedom and opportunity, but Obamacare is undermining that promise. We do not need special sign-up programs or false assurances. We need real health care reform that actually expands access and lowers costs -- not "reform" that makes life more expensive. Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Cristina Beato.
(CNN) -- Authorities in Utah evacuated a passenger plane Thursday morning after receiving a bomb threat, a spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City International Airport said.|||The SkyWest plane, carrying 46 passengers and three crew members, was en route to Salt Lake City from Helena, Montana, when the threat was "called in," said airport spokeswoman Barbara Gann. The Transportation Security Administration "is aware of an anonymous call reportedly threatening SkyWest Airline Flight 4654," said spokesman Nicholas Kimball. "The plane landed safely without incident. Out of an abundance of caution, law enforcement swept the aircraft with negative findings." All passengers and luggage were screened and released, and the plane was to be put back into service, said Debbie Bertram of the FBI's Salt Lake City office. The call "was a threatening call that said that there may be the potential of an incendiary device onboard this aircraft -- so that just unrolled the protocol for a bomb threat," Gann said. CNN's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- A 23-year-old beauty queen and seven men arrested in vehicles loaded with weapons and cash near the central Mexico city of Guadalajara have been transferred to Mexico City, the state news agency said Wednesday.|||Laura Zuniga and seven men were found in vehicles with guns and $50,000, Mexican police say. Laura Zuniga and the men were traveling Monday night in two vehicles that contained AR-15 assault rifles, 38-caliber specials, 9 mm handguns, cartridges and $50,000 in cash, said Luis Carlos Najera Gutierrez de Velazco, secretary of public security for the state of Jalisco. Police, who had received a tip that armed men were in a home, detected the vehicles in the city of Zapopan as authorities were en route to investigate the call, Najera said Tuesday. Inside one of the vehicles, authorities found Angel Orlando Garcia Urquiza, 29, who is Zuniga's boyfriend and the brother of "one of the greatest capos [bosses] of narcotraffic," Ricardo Garcia Urquiza, a member of the Juarez cartel already in police custody, Najera said. All eight were filed before the news media Tuesday. Zuniga, wearing blue jeans and a gray sweater, raised her handcuffed wrists to cover her face in a police picture.  Watch footage of the eight arrested and weapons seized ». They were transported in a heavily armed 30-vehicle convoy late Tuesday to Guadalajara International Airport and flown to Mexico City, the official Notimex news agency reported. The federal organized crime team in Mexico City will investigate, and the suspects will face arms charges, Najera said. Zuniga is from Culiacan in the state of Sinaloa, a center of drug activity. In July, she won the title Our Sinaloa Beauty. That gave her the right to compete two months later in the national Our Mexico Beauty in Monterrey, where she won "The Election of the Queens," one of five special recognitions, and came in third overall. In October, she won the title "Hispanoamerican Queen 2008" in Santa Cruz, Bolivia. Mexican newscasts referred to her Wednesday as "Miss Pistols" and likened her situation to "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs." According to the Nuestra Belleza Mexico Web site, she is to represent Mexico in next year's Miss International contest. A statement issued Wednesday by Lupita Jones, director of Our Mexico Beauty, said the organization will wait to see what happens in the legal system. "In order to determine the situation with Miss Laura Zuniga, Our Mexico Beauty will be watching the case and will take appropriate action once the results of the authorities' investigation are known," said the statement, published on the Web site for CNN affiliate Televisa Mexico.
(CNN) -- It took more than five years to build, but since its opening last year, the Guangzhou Opera House has become the jewel among the sprawling Chinese megacity's bland urban landscape.|||Designed by British architect Zaha Hadid it looks more cosmic than communist, but Hadid has likened it to two rocks washed up from the Pearl River and deposited on its bank. From the smoothed corners of its asymmetrical exterior to the undulating 1,800-seat main theater, the concept of fluidity, like the flowing river nearby, goes from inside to out. "I was very preoccupied at the time with things moving," said Hadid. "That led to the drawings, and the drawings kind of led to distortion and deformation, and then the next influence was really landscape." The building has gained plaudits from around the world and won the best cultural building award at the 2011 RIBA International Awards. The judges complimented the building on its internal places and external forms as well as how the asymmetry of the auditorium did not detract from the near perfect acoustics. In a career spanning three decades, Hadid has built a reputation for designing seemingly unbuildable structures and the opera house's construction explored new areas for both architect and builders. Essential for much of the design was keeping the building in harmony with the local topography and using natural materials to counter the subtropical climate. The exterior envelop of the buildings combine granite and glazing, with windows angled towards the ground to minimize heat from the sun. The granite cladding -- kept 50 centimeters away from the building -- is also in place to absorb heat and ensure that the interior of the building remains cool without excessive use of air-conditioning systems. Water from the Pearl River is also used directly in the building's cooling systems. When the opera house opened reports suggested that Guangzhou's humid climate and sub-standard construction led to problems with some of the granite slabs and glazing. The Guangzhou construction group that was contracted to build the opera house told the UK's Daily Telegraph that cracks stemmed from "normal shrinkage" and any problems since opening were only because of the unexpected complexity of the project and design. A spokesperson for Zaha Hadid Architects admitted that some "superficial elements" needed adjustment post-opening, but they have since been addressed. Despite teething problems, the opera house has transformed a once moribund area of the city into the site of one of the world's leading architectural icons.
(WIRED) -- The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social media sites from its networks, effective immediately.|||The Marine Corps fears that social media sites such as Facebook could pose a security risk. "These internet sites in general are a proven haven for malicious actors and content and are particularly high risk due to information exposure, user generated content and targeting by adversaries," reads a Marine Corps order, issued Monday. "The very nature of SNS [social network sites] creates a larger attack and exploitation window, exposes unnecessary information to adversaries and provides an easy conduit for information leakage that puts OPSEC [operational security], COMSEC [communications security], [and] personnel... at an elevated risk of compromise." The Marines' ban will last a year. It was drawn up in response to a late July warning from U.S. Strategic Command, which told the rest of the military it was considering a Defense Department-wide ban on the Web 2.0 sites, due to network security concerns. Scams, worms, and Trojans often spread unchecked throughout social media sites, passed along from one online friend to the next. "The mechanisms for social networking were never designed for security and filtering. They make it way too easy for people with bad intentions to push malicious code to unsuspecting users," a Stratcom source told Wired.com. Yet many within the Pentagon's highest ranks find value in the Web 2.0 tools. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has 4,000 followers on Twitter. The Department of Defense is getting ready to unveil a new home page, packed with social media tools. The Army recently ordered all U.S. bases to provide access to Facebook. Top generals now blog from the battlefield. "OPSEC is paramount. We will have procedures in place to deal with that," Price Floyd, the Pentagon's newly-appointed social media czar, said. "What we can't do is let security concerns trump doing business. We have to do business... We need to be everywhere men and women in uniform are and the public is. If that's MySpace and YouTube, that's where we need to be, too," Floyd said. The Marines say they will issue waivers to the Web 2.0 blockade, if a "mission critical need" can be proven. And they will continue to allow access to the military's internal "SNS-like services." But for most members of the Corps, access to the real, public social networks is now shut off for the next year. Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2009 Wired.com.
(CNN)One of Hollywood's most attractive couples is heading down the aisle.|||According to People, Joe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara are engaged. The "True Blood" star reportedly asked the "Modern Family" star to marry him on Christmas Day while the pair vacationed in Hawaii. The couple have been relatively low-profile, as celebs go, during their six months of dating. They are said to have met in May during the White House Correspondents' Dinner. At the time, Vergara was still with ex-fiance Nick Loeb. By July, Manganiello and Vergara were being seen together, and he told People she was his celebrity crush: "She's got the curves; she's got a beautiful face, beautiful hair, just gorgeous." On Sunday, Vergara wished her love happy birthday on her Instagram account with a picture of them and a caption that read "Happy happy bday to my love and best friend to the one that makes me laugh like crazy!have a healthy wonderfull year babe!!!" Neither has commented on reports of the engagement.
Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) -- Thousands of apparel workers clashed with police in Bangladesh, demanding higher pay on Monday, police and officials said.|||The workers are demanding a minimum monthly pay of $104 revising the present $38 a month. Police said violence mostly erupted in Gazipur and Savar, on the outskirts of capital Dhaka, where there are hundreds of apparel factories producing clothes for leading global brands from Europe and America. The workers fought pitched battles with police and set fire to vehicles and part of some apparel factories in Gazipur, forcing the owners to shut down all factories in Gazipur district and its adjoining areas. Factories face inspections after safety deal. Several thousand workers also took to the streets in capital Dhaka, but they were dispersed by police and did not appear to commit any violence. A cabinet minister Shahjahan Khan after a meeting with the factory owners and representatives of the workers called for calm and asked the workers to return to work. 16 days buried in the rubble. Khan himself led a huge rally of the apparel workers in the capital on Saturday, demanding $104 as minimum monthly wage for the workers. The recent unrest began Saturday when workers were denied leave from the factories to join Khan's rally. Inside a Bangladesh garment factory. Khan, however, at a news briefing on Monday said the unrest might be linked to outsider involvement, but did not give any details. "Additional forces will be deployed to maintain law and order in the industrial districts," said Khan, also a transport labor leader. Promise of a new start after recovery efforts in building collapse. The government recently constituted a wage board for fixing minimum wages for apparel workers, but the board was yet to come to a final decision, while the owners offered a 20% rise. Bangladesh earns about $20 billion a year, 80% of the total export, by selling clothes to European and American brands. In April 2013, over 1,100 people were killed when an eight-story apparel factory building caved in and collapsed in Savar. In November 2012, a fire at an apparel factory in Savar killed 112 people. Opinion: The bloodshed behind our cheap clothes.
London (CNN) -- The ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood said the precarious finances of L'Wren Scott's fashion business may have played a role in the late designer's apparent suicide.|||"I think it might have been, for her, a question of losing face," 59-year-old Wood told CNN in an exclusive interview. "She was such a proud woman that, I think, to face that, well maybe that was the trigger." Wood admitted she was "surprised as much as everyone else" to learn of the death of Scott, the longtime partner of her ex-husband Ronnie's band mate Mick Jagger. Scott, 49, was found dead in her Manhattan apartment on Monday; she appears to have taken her own life. READ MORE: L'Wren Scott's business was in trouble. Wood said she had been in contact with Ronnie who reported that Jagger was "devastated" by the news. "The band is rallying around Mick," said Wood. "This will have hit him at the worst possible time, when he's away on tour. And she questioned the future of the Rolling Stones in the wake of the news: "Where they go from here I just don't know," she said. Asked whether this would spark the end of the band's 50-year career in rock music, Wood said: "I don't know. "Mick's devastated -- to have a girlfriend commit suicide -- he always looked after the women in his life. This will have hit him very hard.'' Scott, a former model and entrepreneur, was also a well-known celebrity stylist, having dressed scores of high profile clients for red carpet events like the Oscars and Golden Globes. She incorporated her clothing line in the UK in 2006 under the name LS Fashions Ltd., but six years later the firm was trading heavily in the red. Accounts filed with the UK's Companies House show that by the end of 2012 it had racked up debts of $7.6 million, and was burning though cash at a rapid rate. In the last year of its submissions, official paperwork showed the company's liquid reserves had plummeted to just a tenth of their value in 2011. In a statement issued Friday, a spokesperson for Scott said, "The long-term prospects for the business were encouraging. Ms. Scott was very focused on doing what was right for her global business and for the support of her team." Scott had been due to hold a show at London Fashion Week on February 16, but the event was cancelled, the British Fashion Council confirmed. Mick Jagger, who had shared his life with Scott for 13 years, took to his official site MickJagger.com and to Facebook to express his grief. "I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way," he wrote. "We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves. She had great presence and her talent was much admired, not least by me. "I have been touched by the tributes that people have paid to her, and also the personal messages of support that I have received," he wrote, adding: "I will never forget her." Wood, who had spent time with Scott while on tour with the band, described her as "a bit aloof" and "hard to get close to," but always courteous and kind. Scott's relationship with Jagger, she said, seemed "close" and "warm." "I always thought they were very happy. I never saw any kind of argument. She was always very supportive of him." Following news of Scott's death, the Rolling Stones postponed the rest of their tour of Australia and New Zealand until further notice. In a statement explaining the decision, the band said: "Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood wish to thank all of their fans for their support at this difficult time and hope that they will fully understand the reason for this announcement." WATCH: Jo Wood: Jagger 'devastated' by L'Wren loss. READ MORE: Jagger speaks out on death of L'Wren Scott. READ MORE: L'Wren Scott, fashion designer, found dead.
(CNN) -- Heavy rains caused flash flooding across the Boston metro area Saturday, stranding cars and causing damage, the National Weather Service reported.|||No injuries were immediately reported. Flash flood warnings were issued for four counties in eastern Massachusetts, and 2 to 4 inches of rain fell in the region, according to the weather service. There were several reports of cars getting stuck in floodwaters, particularly in the Somerville area, northwest of Boston, where the weather service said at least five vehicles were stranded underneath the Assembly Square Underpass. Video from CNN affiliates WHDH and WCVB showed the vehicles fully submerged beneath the underpass. Drivers had to be rescued from their cars when the tunnel filled with up to 18 feet of water, according to an off-duty police officer involved with the rescue efforts. The officer told WCVB that the water was heavily mixed with sewage. The flooding also forced the closures of at least two bridges. Witnesses told WHDH that cars were also submerged around the bridges and residents waded through water up to their knees. Some locals said they helped direct traffic since lights were knocked out by the storms. The bad weather also disrupted travel for the Boston area transit system. Joe Pesaturo, a spokesman for the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, told CNN affiliate WCVB that there were weather-related delays during the afternoon, including the suspension of rail service in one area due to water on the tracks.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal continued his domination on clay as he crushed compatriot Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-1, 6-2 in the second round of the Barcelona Open.|||The Spaniard carved out 15 break points during the match, polishing off Garcia-Lopez in just over 80 minutes. It was Nadal's 30th straight victory at the event, where he has won six of the last seven titles at the Real Club de Tennis. Nadal has started the season in ominous form. After battling back from a serious knee injury, the world number two won his first title in ten months last week after finally beating rival -- and world number one -- Novak Djokovic in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. Last year's beaten finalist David Ferrer also cruised into the third round by beating the Serbian Filip Krajinovic 6-0, 6-3. "I played pretty well, it was a relatively comfortable start," the Spaniard told AFP. "The second set was not as good as the first, but I kept my energy and speed. I had shoulder problems but I had treatment here on Friday. But I still didn't know last Sunday if I could play." Ferrer, who plays fellow Spaniard Albert Montanes next, will be hoping that his shoulder improves significantly over the next few days: he has lost three finals and counting to Nadal. Elsewhere former women's world number one Ana Ivanovic lost to 21-year-old German wild-card Mona Barthel in the first round of Stuttgart's clay-court WTA tournament. Barthel fired 11 aces as she beat Ivanovic 7-5, 7-6 (7/4) before admitting that the Serb was something of a hero of hers. "There was something special, because Ana used to be a bit of a role model for me," Barthel told AFP. "I was still at school when she won the French Open and I watched it on television. "At that time all this was a long, long way off for me." Ivanovic has struggled to recapture the form that saw her win the French Open four years ago. The same can't be said for Barthel who has had an incredible 2012. She won the Hobart WTA tournament in January before reaching the third round at the Australian Open. She was only stopped by eventual winner Victoria Azarenka, the current world number one. Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska eased into the quarterfinals when she beat Hungary's Greta Arn of Hungary 6-3, 6-4.
(CNN) -- Lawyers for the mother of a 15-year-old girl suing "The Tyra Show" lambasted the show's producers Tuesday as "reckless" for letting her child appear as a self-described sex addict.|||The girl's mother, Beverly McClendon, filed a lawsuit earlier this month in U.S. District Court in Atlanta, Georgia. Her suit contends the show never got valid written consent and an employment certificate, which must be obtained in Georgia before a minor can be "employed as a performer in a television production ... [and] the minor will not be used for pornographic purposes." McClendon's lawyers said Tuesday the consent form that "The Tyra Show" received was clearly forged by the daughter, Jewel Ciera Washington. After being contacted by Washington, the show's staff called her cell phone and arranged for her to fly from Atlanta to New York and appear on the now-defunct program. Its last air date was May 28. "You had an infatuated child who would do anything," attorney George Lawson told HLN's Jean Velez-Mitchell, explaining that the teenager doctored the consent form because she admired and wanted to meet Tyra Banks, the longtime model and TV personality. The lawsuit, which seeks $3 million, contends that "The Tyra Show" used Washington's appearance to further its main goal of boosting ratings and, thus, bringing in advertising revenue. On the show, which aired in October 2009, Washington claimed she lost her virginity at 9 and had gotten pregnant three times -- claims that she now says weren't true, according to her lawyers. "It's like I'm trapped in a dark place with no light shining down, like I'm a prisoner," Washington said on the TV show. "I know that I need help for this. ... I know it for a fact," she added. Attorney Wanda Jackson said that by publicizing Washington's alleged struggles with sex addiction, the program publicly exploited a teenage girl who confessed to having a serious problem. And it did so, she claims, without properly finding out whether the minor had her parent's permission to appear. "It's dangerous," said Jackson, who is representing McClendon with Lawson. "If you thought she had that kind of problem, why would you put her on television?" The defendants have not answered the complaint. No court date has been set. Scott Rowe, senior vice president of worldwide communications for Warner Bros. Television Group, declined to comment last week to CNN Entertainment. Warner Bros. Entertainment, one of the defendants in McClendon's lawsuit, is a division of Time Warner, which is the parent company of CNN. In Session's Adam Blank contributed to this report.
The grim search for missing hikers and bodies buried under snow continued Saturday against the dramatic backdrop of Nepal's Himalayas, as officials confirmed that at least 39 people had died in an exceptionally heavy snowfall.|||Rescue crews combed the high-altitude paths and passes of the popular Annapurna region, as well as the neighboring Manang district for trekkers missing for nearly a week. Nine stranded Israeli tourists were rescued Thursday, as well as three Canadians and four Indians who were pulled to safety, according to the Trekking Agencies' Association of Nepal. The group said it deployed helicopters to rescue hikers stranded by snow, floodwaters and avalanches unleashed along the popular Himalayan trekking trails by heavy snow Tuesday. Regional administrator Dinesh Kumar Thapaliya told CNN that 14 trekkers were now known to have died near the iconic 5,416-meter (17,770-foot) Thorung La Pass in Mustang district, the highest point of the popular 21-day Annapurna Circuit trek. The bodies include those of Israelis, Nepalis and Poles, he said. Even as the total death toll climbed from the 17 reported Wednesday, Thapaliya warned that there are chances of finding more people dead or lost around the pass. A Nepal army team made it up to 16,000 feet on Thursday -- still short of the pass -- on the side of the mountain where the 14 bodies were found. 'This is the dangerous part' Friday's search efforts were concentrated on the other side of the pass, which falls in Manang district, "This is the dangerous part," Thapaliya said. There has been no contact with the remote area even by phone, he said. One Israeli was rescued from near the pass Thursday. Three trekkers have been confirmed as missing, two of them Indian and one Japanese. The pass is not the only area to see deaths due to the unseasonably heavy snow. The bodies of another five trekkers, four Canadians and an Indian, were found in Manang district, Thapaliya said. Three Nepali farmers also were killed. Farther west, five mountaineers -- two Slovaks and three Nepalis -- lost their lives in an avalanche Tuesday night near Nepal's seventh highest peak, Mount Dhaulagiri, officials said. Altogether, 326 people have now been rescued as of Saturday, more than half of them from Manang district, said Baburam Bhandari, chief district officer of  Nepal's Mustang district. 'Trekking is adventurous' This is already one of the deadliest such tragedies in the history of Nepal, a nation of about 26 million known worldwide for its spectacular mountain ranges, including Mount Everest. Annapurna is far and away the most popular of its trekking areas, with some 90,000 trekking there in 2013, according to Narendra Lama, tourism officer of Annapurna Area Conservation Project. "There have been incidents of trekkers being killed in snowstorms, landslides and avalanches in the past but not as many as this year," Lama said. "But I do not think that this disaster will have a big impact since it is a natural disaster and not about a security situation," he said. "Trekking is adventurous in nature after all." October is the best month of the year to do the Annapurna Circuit trek, meaning more visitors than usual may have been in the area when unusually heavy snow caused by Cyclone Hudhud in eastern India came down Monday and Tuesday. Last year, about 20,000 foreign trekkers crossed the Thorung La Pass, almost 6,000 of them in October, according to Annapurna Conservation Area statistics. Many remote Nepali communities rely on foreign trekkers and mountaineers for income and employment, meaning a drop in visitors could hit local people hard. Survivor recalls how ice tumbled down in Mount Everest avalanche. The deaths come only six months after tragedy last struck Nepal, on the slopes of Mount Everest. Then, a bruising avalanche of ice swept 16 Sherpas to their deaths. After the accident, which came right before the peak season in May, many Sherpas refused to climb and at least six companies that lead Everest expeditions called off their 2014 climbs.
(CNN) -- Actress Misty Upham, whose body was found in October along a river in suburban Seattle, died from blunt force injuries to her head and torso, the King County Medical Examiner said Thursday.|||The manner of her death has not yet been determined, the medical examiner's office said. Investigators found Upham's body during a search for the missing actress. It lay at the bottom of a steep embankment near the White River. Upham, 32, was last seen alive October 5 walking from her sister's apartment, according to a statement sent to media outlets by her father, Charles Upham. Authorities say she died that day, but it wasn't until more than a week later that investigators found her body. Her father said she had bipolar disorder and bouts of depression and anxiety, but he didn't think she was suicidal. Police have said they don't have evidence of foul play. Upham had small roles in "Django Unchained" and "August: Osage County," and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for her performance in 2008's "Frozen River." She's also had roles in the TV series "Big Love" and the TV movie "Skinwalkers." CNN's Todd Leopold and Brandon Griggs contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Michael Strahan loves the mega-romantic film "The Notebook," isn't afraid to admit his fear of snakes, supports same-sex marriage and makes Kelly Ripa giggle like no one else.|||Is it any wonder he's a media darling? The former NFL star is a rising star of another sort these days with gigs as co-host on the popular morning show "Live with Kelly and Michael," as a sports commentator and now reports that he may be joining "Good Morning America." Michael Strahan on verge of joining 'Good Morning America' It's an interesting trajectory for the 6-foot-5-inch, gap-toothed Strahan, who spent his entire professional athletic career playing for the New York Giants and proudly sports a Super Bowl championship ring. Strahan grew up in Germany, the son of a military man, and briefly played high school football after his family sent him to the States to live with relatives. After playing for Texas Southern University, he was drafted by the New York Giants, where he played from the 1993 to 2007 season. He enjoyed a 15-year career in the NFL and after retiring in 2008, Strahan followed the route of many former athletes by venturing into sports commentary and signing on as an analyst with Fox Sports in 2008. He also ventured into the world of acting with commercials for various entities including Vaseline, Subway and with the very short-lived Fox sitcom "Brothers," which premiered in 2009. But it was multiple appearances guest-hosting on the then "Live with Regis and Kelly" morning show that helped him secure a spot as co-host in 2012 after Regis Philbin retired. The pair have become favorites among fans with their easygoing chemistry and obvious adoration for each other. "He really gets it," Ripa told Katie Couric in an interview in 2012 after Strahan was selected following a massive search for her new co-host. "He gets what we're about." "It's how it is all the time," Strahan said of his relationship with Ripa, whom he calls his work wife. "What you see on camera is what you get behind the scenes." The former jock has also scored in his personal life. After two previous marriages, the second of which was so explosive it provided plenty of fodder for the New York tabloids, Strahan has been engaged for the past few years to Nicole Murphy, who has five children from her marriage to actor Eddie Murphy. Between Strahan and Murphy, the pair have nine children in their blended family. Appearing on "Live with Kelly and Michael" in 2013 to promote her reality show "Hollywood Exes," Murphy shared 10 things most people didn't know about Strahan, including the fact that he can't "stand to be tickled," once had a pet pig and "Michael loves to spoon." Such romance is to be expected from a man who is very open about his love of at least one "chick flick." " 'The Notebook' gets me every time," Strahan told Elle magazine. "It's a great love story. Boy from the wrong side of the tracks. They get on each other's nerves, but they can't live without each other. It almost makes me shed a tear." Now it looks as if Strahan may be about to bring all that personality to "Good Morning America." He previously filled in for the show's anchor, Robin Roberts, when she was on sick leave.
(CNN) -- A North Carolina man is accused of arranging to have his wife raped through personal ads on the Web site Craigslist, police said Wednesday.|||The 25-year-old man, of Kannapolis, North Carolina, was arrested in connection with the incident that occurred at his home early Sunday, police said in a statement. Police responded to the home at about 2:45 a.m. after receiving a 911 call indicating a male armed with a knife appeared in the couple's bedroom and sexually assaulted the man's wife, authorities said. The man was present at the time of the assault, and two young children were in the home, but were unharmed and unaware of the incident, the police statement said. "During the investigation, investigators interviewed the victim and her husband," the statement said. "Investigators became suspicious when they noticed there was no sign of forced entry to the home. Investigators also developed information that led them to note specific inconsistencies in the initial statement provided by [the man]." But on Tuesday, police found that the man "had responded to at least two personal ads on Craigslist.com in an effort to arrange for someone to come to his home and have sex with his wife using some type of scare tactic." "Investigators believe [he] arranged this incident without the knowledge or consent of the victim," the police statement said. The woman was taken to a hospital after the assault, where she underwent a forensic examination and was interviewed, police said. She suffered no serious physical injuries and was released shortly afterward. Police did not release the identity of the victim. CNN is not naming the victim's husband in an effort to avoid identifying her. The incident remains under investigation, police said. The man faces charges including first-degree rape, two counts of first-degree sexual offense and one count of attempted first-degree sexual offense, according to the police statement. Kannapolis is about 26 miles northeast of Charlotte, North Carolina.
(CNN) -- On the same day that President Barack Obama spoke to the press about possible surveillance reforms—and released a related white paper on the subject—the National Security Agency came out with its own rare, publicly-released, seven-page document (PDF), essentially justifying its own practices.|||The entire document is dated August 9, 2013, and has no attributable names or contact details on it. Its most striking portion? A separate block of text on page six, which states:. "According to figures published by a major tech provider, the Internet carries 1,826 Petabytes of information per day. In its foreign intelligence mission, NSA touches about 1.6% of that. However, of the 1.6% of the data, only 0.025% is actually selected for review. The net effect is that NSA analysts look at 0.00004% of the world's traffic in conducting their mission—that's less than one part in a million. Put another way, if a standard basketball court represented the global collection would be represented by an area smaller than a dime on that basketball court." And, nearly directly below that section, the NSA presents its strongest categorical denial of using foreign partners to circumvent American law:. "NSA partners with well over 30 different nations in order to conduct its foreign intelligence mission. In every case, NSA does not and will not use a relationship with a foreign intelligence service to ask that service to do what NSA is itself prohibited by law from doing. These partnerships are an important part of the US and allied defense against terrorists, cyber threat actors, and others who threaten our individual and collective security. Both parties to these relationships benefit." The document begins by referencing the September 11, 2001 attacks on New York and Washington, DC, and notes that the NSA "did not have the tools or the database to search to identify [terorrist] connections and share them with the FBI." The NSA then argues: "We do not need to sacrifice civil liberties for the sake of national security; both are integral to who we are as Americans. NSA can and will continue to conduct its operations in a manner that respects both." And how, pray tell, might an American's e-mail be accidentally swept up in a dragnet that is ostensibly targeting a foreign suspect? "For example, a US person might be courtesy copied on an e-mail to or from a legitimate foreign target, or a person in the US might be in contact with a known terrorist target. In those cases, minimization procedures adopted by the Attorney General in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court are used to protect the privacy of the US person. These minimization procedures control the acquisition, retention, and dissemination of any U.S. person information incidentally acquired during operations conducted pursuant to Section 702." Of course, also on Friday, The Guardian published an excerpt from a document leaked by Edward Snowden showing that the NSA has the ability to search Americans' e-mails—but apparently restrains itself from doing so. The document also notes Section 215 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act—the business records provision—is what gives the the government the authority to capture telephony metadata. At the end of the document, the NSA also argues that it has adequate oversight from a number of government agencies—Bruce Schneier probably would disagree with that—and also is able to police itself. As the NSA concludes:. "In addition to NSA's compliance safeguards, NSA personnel are obligated to report when they believe NSA is not, or may not be, acting consistently with law, policy, or procedure. This self-reporting is part of the culture and fabric of NSA. If NSA is not acting in accordance with law, policy, or procedure, NSA will report through its internal and external intelligence oversight channels, conduct reviews to understand the root cause, and make appropriate adjustments to constantly improve." This report originally appeared on ArsTechnica. COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM.
(CNN) -- Anti-government protesters have managed to breach a high-security zone in Pakistan's capital, despite the presence of thousands of security personnel.|||A blackout had been enforced overnight Tuesday in Islamabad's "red zone," a heavily guarded area of the city containing key government buildings, as the marchers drew close. In the darkness policemen thumped their shields with batons in anticipation of a possible confrontation. However they told CNN orders had been given not to react or use force. For the past few days, thousands of supporters of cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan have joined a march on Islamabad from Lahore to demand the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif amid claims of vote-rigging during last year's election. They've been joined by followers of outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri, who declared the protest a "revolution march." Qadri led protests against the government last year that brought the capital to a standstill, and has accused Sharif of corruption and campaigned for more to be done for the country's poor. OPINION: Qadri: My vision for Pakistan. Sharif has denied the accusations against him, and has offered to set off an investigation into last year's vote. Parliament reached. Many of Khan and Qadri's supporters were equipped with gas masks and swimming goggles and carried thick wooden clubs. By late Tuesday, many had managed to get beyond barricades made up of barbed wire and steel shipping containers -- with some even using a hijacked crane -- to reach parliament without provoking a reaction from security forces. At one point a number of female protesters approached soldiers and appeared to shower them in flower petals. Officials had previously warned protesters not to enter this area, prompting fears of violent clashes. Earlier this month, at least five people died when supporters of Qadri clashed with police in the northwestern Punjab province. However a spokesperson for the military released the following statement on social media Tuesday: "Buildings in the Red Zone are a symbol of the state and are being protected by the Army. Therefore the sanctity of these national symbols must be respected. Situation requires patience, wisdom & sagacity from all stakeholders to resolve prevailing impasse through meaningful dialogue in larger national and public interest." Qadri told CNN that this "green revolution" had been "peaceful and democratic." He added: "This is a march for democratic reforms. We want rule of law. We want true participatory democracy in our country. We want to fight for human rights, for minority rights, for women rights and to eradicate corruption from society." At around 1 a.m. local time on Wednesday, a handful of supporters of Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) political party were the first to breach the final container blocking access to the front of the prime minister's secretariat. They edged past police lines, some appearing stunned that they'd made it into the capital's fortified red zone.
KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.|||Vidic clashes with Roma goalkeeper Gianluca Curci during the UEFA Champions League Group F match. The former Spartak Moscow player sat out Saturday's 4-1 victory at Aston Villa after suffering concussion during the Premier League win over Wigan immediately before the international break. However, he has made a good recovery and will now partner Rio Ferdinand in the heart of the United defense. Injury-plagued French striker Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem and fellow casualties Gary Neville and Owen Hargreaves also stayed behind. England striker Wayne Rooney, who scored twice against Villa and was also on target in England's Euro 2008 defeat against Russia in Moscow last week, will partner Carlos Tevez in attack. A third successive victory after 1-0 wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma would virtually guarantee United a place in the knock-out stage. United flew to Kiev a day earlier than normal, taking their own chefs and dieticians with them. "The travel is always the biggest worry in these situations," said Ferguson. "Ukraine is further away than most other journeys around Europe." Senegal defender Pape Diakhate, Guinea forward Ismael Bangoura and Ukraine midfielder Taras Mykhalyk are expected to return for Dynamo, but former Tottenham forward Serhiy Rebrov is an absentee. Dynamo warmed up for Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over strugglers Zakarpattia on Saturday in the Ukrainian Championship. But Kiev are bottom of Group F after losing their first two games -- 2-0 at Roma and 2-1 at home to Sporting. Glasgow Rangers are without Jean-Claude Darcheville and Brahim Hemdani for their formidable home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday. Darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while Hemdani misses the Group E tie in Glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend's 3-0 win against Celtic. UEFA Cup favorites Bayern Munich will probably have to do without midfielder Franck Ribery for their group game against Red Star Belgrade on Thursday. The French international hurt his thigh in Saturday's 2-1 win at Bochum that saw Bayern extend their lead at the top of the Bundesliga. E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- The Justice Department on Friday invoked the government's "state secrets privilege" to intervene in a private legal dispute between the owner of a Greek shipping company and a U.S. nonprofit that advocates against Iran's nuclear program.|||In a court filing in New York, government lawyers asked a judge to dismiss a lawsuit by Victor Restis against the group United Against Nuclear Iran. Restis claims he was defamed in a UANI campaign that alleged his company had ties to the Iranian government companies that are involved in Iran's nuclear program. The government filing said an unnamed U.S. agency had determined the case risked revealing government secrets. Restis' lawyers had sought to compel legal discovery -- the turning over of documents and other information -- from the group, its executives, and from Wall Street investor Thomas Kaplan, who Restis' lawyers claim is a funder of UANI. UANI lawyers had sought to obtain a deposition of Restis to question him about alleged Iran ties. Friday's government filing provided no detail of how UANI, Restis, or any others involved could have come to possess U.S. national security secrets. It said that "disclosure of the information at issue reasonably could be expected to cause serious damage to the national security." Kaplan's lawyers have claimed he has no information relevant to the case. UANI has defended its free speech rights to campaign on the Iran issue. Justice Department lawyers had previously attended hearings in the case and signaled the possibility the government may intervene, citing possible "law enforcement" secrets. The filing Friday goes beyond that, and by simply asserting "state secrets," the government limits what can be reviewed in the case. Government lawyers also filed a classified court filing that ostensibly provided more information to the judge. Before becoming president, Barack Obama had criticized the Bush administration for using the state secrets privilege and vowed more transparency. The Obama administration has used the privilege in several cases. Attorney General Eric Holder announced rules that he said would limit the government's use of the privilege, but leaves his discretion in such cases unaltered. Government lawyers noted the unusual nature of intervening in a private dispute. "While the United States takes this position reluctantly and only after careful consideration, the only appropriate course in light of this privilege assertion is to dismiss this action in its entirety," the filing said.
(CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif stepped to the sidelines for a private conversation at a security conference in Germany on Sunday, according to a senior State Department official.|||Their discussion marks another high-level contact between the United States and Iran, a few weeks ahead of nuclear negotiations involving world powers planned for February 18 in Vienna. The negotiations follow Iran's agreement in November to stop its most sensitive nuclear operations in exchange for a lessening of some sanctions that have hurt the nation. "Kerry reiterated the importance of both sides negotiating in good faith and Iran abiding by its commitments under the Joint Plan of Action," the nuclear deal between the U.S. and Iran, the senior official said. Kerry "also made clear that the United States will continue to enforce existing sanctions," the official said. On another topic, "Secretary Kerry pressed for the Iranians to work cooperatively with us in our efforts to help United States citizens Robert Levinson, Amir Hekmati, and Saeed Abedini to return to their families," the official said. Levinson disappeared from Iran seven years ago. Members of Levinson's family said on CNN in January that, at that time, he was working for the CIA. They accused the U.S. government of failing to do enough to find and free him. Hekmati, a former U.S. Marine who served in Iraq, was arrested in Iran in August 2011 and held on espionage charges. The Obama administration has said he is not a spy. Saeed Abedini, an Iranian-American pastor, is also jailed, accused of proselytizing Christianity during a trip to Iran. He was accused of attempting to undermine the Iranian government and endangering national security. Abedini's family says he being held in a dangerous prison. Hekmati and Abedini could receive reduced sentences, Zarif said in an interview less than two weeks ago from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. "We have various clemency measures in Iran that can be introduced, happened in the past, can be introduced again in these cases," Zarif said in an exclusive interview with CNN's Jim Sciutto. Earlier discussions: Syria. In recent days at the Munich Security Conference, other contact between Kerry and Zarif has been focused on the conflict in Syria, which has killed more than 100,000 Syrians and forced more than 2 million from their homes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon were also in Munich, as was U.N. mediator Lakhdar Brahimi. As talks continued, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime failed to turn over its known chemical weapons stockpiles on time, causing Kerry to warn on Friday that all options remain available to force compliance. Iran, Russia and Syria are allies. U.S. President Barack Obama threatened a military response last year when U.S. authorities determined the al-Assad regime attacked its own people with chemical weapons. However, Obama failed to secure backing from Congress or key ally Great Britain. Russia then stepped in to persuade al-Assad to hand over the chemical weapons stockpiles to the international community in order to be destroyed. On Saturday, Kerry and Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu met on the sidelines of the security conference and talked about continuing to press the Syrian regime to meet the deadline and move chemical weapons to the port of Latakia in Syria, a senior State Department official said. "They agreed that more needed to be done to increase humanitarian access," the official said, adding that the Kerry and Davutoglu said that the delay of moving access to convoys into the besieged Syrian city of Homs and other areas was "simply unacceptable." Opinion: Are Syria, Iran playing Obama for a fool? CNN's Elise Labott contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Americans appear to actually thrive on adversity, according to a study published this week that reached the conclusion after researching the nation's biggest economic downturn.|||This sculpture at the FDR Memorial in Washington depicts men waiting in a Great Depression bread line. Life expectancy during the peak years of the Great Depression increased 6.2 years -- from 57.1 years in 1929 to 63.3 years in 1933 -- according to University of Michigan researchers Jose A. Tapia Granados and Ana Diez Roux. The increase applied to men and women, whites and non-whites. The team crunched data from the federal government and concluded that "population health did not decline and indeed generally improved during the four years of the Great Depression, 1930-1933, with mortality decreasing for almost all ages, and life expectancy increasing by several years in males, females, whites, and non-whites." For most age groups, "mortality tended to peak during years of strong economic expansion (such as 1923, 1926, 1929 and 1936-1937)," they wrote in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences." "The finding is strong and counterintuitive," said Tapia Granados, the lead author of the study. "Most people assume that periods of high unemployment are harmful to health." The researchers used historical life expectancy and mortality data to examine the association between economic growth and population health from 1920 to 1940. Though population health improved during 1930-1933 and during the recessions of 1921 and 1938, mortality -- the death rate -- increased and life expectancy fell during times of economic expansion, such as 1923, 1926, 1929 and 1936-1937, they wrote. The researchers looked at mortality rates due to six causes of death that made up two-thirds of total mortality in the 1930s: cardiovascular and kidney diseases, cancer, influenza and pneumonia, tuberculosis, motor vehicle injuries and suicide. Only suicide went up during economic downturns, they said, citing the recession years 1921, 1932 and 1938, but suicides accounted for less than 2 percent of total deaths. Those years were marked by high unemployment; the nation experienced its highest unemployment rate of 22.9 percent in 1932, they wrote. Yet from 1920 to 1940, life expectancy increased 8.8 years. The authors speculated about possible explanations for why population health tends to improve during recessions but not expansions. "During expansions, firms are very busy, and they typically demand a lot of effort from employees, who are required to work a lot of overtime, and to work at a fast pace," Tapia Granados said. "This can create stress, which is associated with more drinking and smoking." In addition, new, inexperienced workers may be more likely to become injured; workers may sleep less and adopt less healthy eating habits, he said. Further, boom times may translate into more industrial pollution, which can take a toll on populations' health, he said. During recessions, with less work to do, employees may work slower, sleep longer and spend more time with family and friends, he said. With less money, they may spend less on alcohol and tobacco. The researchers pointed out that their work looked at the relationship between recessions and mortality on a macro level and was not predictive for any one person. The findings may apply to others, too. Tapia Granados, 53, whose work was self-funded, said he has carried out similar studies that looked at Japan, Spain and Sweden. "In the three of them, it was the same," he said.
(CNN) -- An Obama administration initiative that aims to create jobs and economic growth has been derailed in some states while it speeds along in others.|||The loss of a total of $1.2 billion in high-speed rail funds in Wisconsin and Ohio means the promise of thousands of new jobs in those states will not be realized, according to proponents of the fast passenger trains. The Obama administration wants to use large-scale infrastructure projects like high-speed rail to boost the economy much in the way that public works projects put people back to work during the Great Depression. Mayor Ron Krueger was hoping a high-speed line that was planned to go through Watertown, Wisconsin, would spur development of retail and apartments in his town of about 23,000. But some newly elected officials have put the brakes on those plans, raising questions about whether it's still possible to build big in the United States. Citing two incoming governors' opposition to high-speed rail projects in the Midwest, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood redirected $810 million away from Wisconsin and $400 million from Ohio to other states. California is getting the lion's share, $624 million for its link between Los Angeles and San Francisco. $342 million is going to Florida with the remainder divided among Washington and 10 other states. Is the U.S. turning a corner on high-speed rail? Along with the money comes jobs. In Wisconsin, the outgoing governor Jim Doyle claimed over 4,700 jobs directly related to the high-speed rail line between Milwaukee and Madison would have been realized at the height of construction. Proponents claimed thousands of indirect jobs would have been created as a result of the projected economic growth along the line. "Rail creates value," said Petra Todorovich at the Regional Plan Association, a transportation and public policy think tank in New York. She's the director of America 2050, a national initiative to meet the needs of the country over the next 40 years based on a projected population growth of 100 million. "It's a permanent investment both residential and commercial investors can look at. There are the construction jobs in working on the railroad," Todorovich said. People in the area are also put to work building the locomotives and rail cars. There are also indirect benefits that come with a new rail line, according to Todorovich. "There are jobs related through real estate and commercial investment. These are long-term jobs." But Wisconsin's Republican Governor-elect Scott Walker said he has serious doubts about the projected job benefits related to the project. "The estimates, I think, are woefully optimistic." Scott Walker campaigned on a promise to kill high-speed rail in Wisconsin, saying that it would leave the state with an annual operating cost of anywhere between $7.5 million and $15 million. "There are plenty of examples of federal Interstate Highway projects in the state of Wisconsin that have terrible, terrible needs right now that are being unmet that to me would be a much better use of transportation dollars," Walker said. Officials at the U.S. Department of Transportation said that up to 90% of the operating costs could have been covered by federal grants. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood tried unsuccessfully to change Governor-elect Walker's mind before the funds were pulled. "There is no shortage of enthusiasm and energy in almost all 50 states in America for some form of high-speed inter-city rail," LaHood said. Some of that enthusiasm was found in Florida which put out a request for proposals for a high-speed rail line to link Tampa with several locations in and around Orlando. Even though Florida received an additional $342 million from the Department of Transportation for the project, Governor-elect Rick Scott, a Republican, hasn't made up his mind on whether he'll allow it to proceed. Scott has said he is concerned that the price tag for the line would exceed estimates. He is also concerned about operating costs, he said. Florida's Department of Transportation claims close to 10,000 people would be employed in jobs directly related to the high-speed rail line during the height of construction and thousands more would be employed in indirect jobs. Meanwhile, work is beginning on a section of a high-speed rail line in California that planners hope will one day link Los Angeles with San Francisco.
(CNN) -- Google rolled out a new Nexus 7 tablet on Wednesday. But a much smaller, much cheaper new gadget may be the one that makes a seismic impact in the consumer technology world.|||Chromecast is a glorified thumb drive that enables Web streaming to television. At $35, it's also practically free, considering that it comes packed with three free months of Netflix. Streaming media onto the (relatively) big screen is nothing new. Set-top boxes like Roku and Boxee have provided the service, at least in part, for years. More recently, Google's now-defunct Nexus Q has battled Apple TV for the hearts and minds of consumers who have grown used to on-demand video on their laptops, tablets and even phones. With Chromecast, though, Google appears to have stripped down Web streaming to its purest elements. "It looks like they have learned from their mistakes, and radically simplified the experience," Janko Roettgers wrote for tech blog GigaOM. "Gone are the attempts to integrate existing pay-TV offerings, recruit app developers for yet another medium and ship devices with hideous, complicated remote controls. "Instead, Chromecast is pure simplicity: Search and discovery of video content is happening on the mobile device or laptop, and all Chromecast does is stream media from the cloud." Google and Apple have both tried and, at least so far, largely failed to make inroads into the living room with streaming TV products. Google TV struggled to get some major content providers to play ball. And Apple CEO Tim Cook has acknowledged that Apple TV has languished as more of a novelty for diehard fans than a mass-market success. (A full-on Apple TV set, which has been the tech world's most-anticipated piece of rumored vaporware for the past couple of years, could of course change that). Those products, along with Roku, Boxee and the like, have been, in a way, similar to traditional TV. Approved "channels," chiefly Netflix, Amazon and other Web video services, are available. But Chromecast takes streaming to a whole new level -- offering a quick, simple version of what tech-inclined folks have been able to accomplish by rigging up their laptops or desktops with their TVs. Essentially, if you can watch it on a computer, tablet or phone screen, you'll be able to watch it on your TV. That's the logical end goal of Web streaming, and many analysts are saying Google struck a huge blow by being the first to offer it up in a way that the typical consumer can understand and use. "By coming out early at an extremely affordable price, Google may wind up dominating the TV delivery industry," consumer tech analyst Larry Magid wrote for Forbes. "It's hard to imagine that Hulu, Major League Baseball, HBO Go and every other content provider isn't beating a path to their door. I imagine that the TV networks, too, are anxious to get their content on the device." Early interest in the 2-inch gadget appears to be high. Thursday afternoon, Chromecast was listed as out of stock on Amazon and Best Buy's website. The Google Play store was accepting orders, saying the device would be shipped in 3-4 weeks. While deals with the TV networks seem inevitable, Chromecast also could allow Google to make deals directly with content providers, in much the way Netflix has with original programs like Emmy-nominated "House of Cards" and a revived "Arrested Development." Web TV services like Hulu have thus far tried to limit their basic service to computer screens, offering the ability to stream to television for extra money. Now, Hulu says it's working with Google to offer an "optimized" version on Chromecast. How Chromecast will impact Google's battle with Apple remains to be seen. The existing Apple TV product, with its Airplay feature that streams from the Web, has its devotees. But it only works with Apple products, naturally. Chromecast is designed to work on any platform that can run its Chrome browser. So a user could, for example, stream a YouTube video from an iPad, then watch a Netflix movie from a PC -- all streamed on a TV set through a Google device. "On paper at least, it's the best device Google has ever announced ...," Mat Honan wrote for WIRED, a CNN.com content partner. "Did Google just win the living room? No. But it definitely just cozied up on a lot of couches and got comfortable."
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The U.S. trade embargo on Cuba is endangering the health of millions by limiting Cubans' access to medicines and medical technology, human rights group Amnesty International alleged Wednesday.|||Amnesty International says the U.S. trade embargo is limiting Cubans' access to medical technology. An Amnesty report examines the effects of the sanctions, which have been in place since 1962. Amnesty International Secretary-General Irene Khan called the U.S. embargo immoral and said it should be lifted. "It's preventing millions of Cubans from benefiting from vital medicines and medical equipment essential for their health," Khan said. The embargo restricts the export of medicines and medical equipment from the U.S. and from any U.S.-owned company abroad. Amnesty also called on President Obama to not renew the Trading with the Enemy Act, which is due for renewal on September 14. The Act has been reviewed by U.S. presidents on an annual basis since 1978. Amnesty said that while not renewing the Act would not in itself end the embargo against Cuba, it would send a clear message that the U.S. is adopting a new policy toward Cuba. In April this year President Obama lifted restrictions that had prevented U.S. citizens from visiting relatives in Cuba, and sending them remittances. A U.S. State Department spokeswoman would not comment on the report because she hadn't read it. However, she said, "The president believes it makes strategic sense to hold on to some inducements we can use in dealing with a Cuban government if it shows any signs of seeking a normalized relationship with us and begins to respect basic human rights." The Amnesty report also cites United Nations data that says Cuba's inability to import nutritional products for schools, hospitals and day care centers is contributing to a high prevalence of iron deficiency anemia. In 2007, the condition affected 37.5 percent of Cuba's children under three years old, according to UNICEF.   Watch a report on Cuba's health care system ». Cuba can import these products from other countries, but there are major shipping costs and logistical challenges to contend with. Gail Reed is international director of MEDICC (Medical Education Cooperation with Cuba), a non-profit organization that encourages cooperation among U.S., Cuban and global health communities. She told CNN, "In general, the embargo has a sweeping effect on Cuban healthcare. Over the past decades, I would say the people most affected have been cancer and HIV-AIDS patients." She also said the embargo affects the way doctors think about the future. "Doctors in Cuba always worry that an international supplier will be bought out by a U.S. company, leaving medical equipment without replacement parts and patients without continuity of medications," Reed said. Gerardo Ducos, an Amnesty researcher for the Caribbean region, told CNN that although medicines and medical supplies can be licensed for export to Cuba, the conditions governing the process make their export virtually impossible. According to the report, the U.S. exported $710 million of food and agricultural products to Cuba in 2008, but only $1.2 million of medical equipment and products. Reed said the embargo does not permit the sale of active ingredients or raw materials to the Cuban pharmaceutical industry. She gave the example of methotrexate, used to treat breast cancer, telling CNN that an export license was denied to a firm wanting to sell the U.S.-produced active ingredient to Cuba, to be used in domestic production of the drug on the island. "Four times as many women may be treated with methotrexate if the drug could be produced domestically, so that Cuban importers were not forced to purchase the finished product on the international pharmaceutical market," she said. The report says that products patented in the U.S. are covered by the embargo. Ducos told CNN that this particularly affects HIV/AIDS treatments. "The latest medicines are usually covered by U.S. patents, which means Cuba must wait several years for the patent to run out before they can buy generic products," he said. In the statement, Khan added, "Although responsibility for providing adequate health care lies primarily with the Cuban authorities, governments imposing sanctions such as embargoes need to pay special attention to the impact they can have on the targeted country's population."
New York (CNN) -- A team of experts will conduct a 60-day safety assessment of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad in the wake of the derailment that killed four people and injured dozens of others, the Federal Railroad Administration said Thursday.|||Known as Operation Deep Dive, the action beginning on Monday is designed to "exhaustively review Metro-North's compliance with federal regulations, its procedures and practices, and its safety culture," the FRA said in a statement. A "strike force" of technical and human factor experts will examine everything from track, signal and "rolling stock" maintenance, inspection and repair practices to communication between mechanical and transportation departments at maintenance facilities to compliance with federal hours of service regulations, including fatigue management programs, according to the statement. The Hudson line train was hurtling along at 82 miles an hour, over the speed limit of 30 mph for that section of track, as it approached a sharp bend in the Bronx. The cars tumbled off the track, killing four passengers and leaving dozens more hospitalized. The lead car came to rest inches from water at the intersection of the Hudson and Harlem rivers. Jeffrey Chartier, lawyer for engineer William Rockefeller, and the engineer's s union representatives said the train's hypnotic motion may have caused Rockefeller to nod off -- a case of what the lawyer termed "highway hypnosis." The engineer told investigators that moments before the derailment he was "going along and I'm in a daze. I don't know what happened," one law enforcement official said. Man vs. machine: Who should be at the wheel? National Transportation Safety Board officials have said that the train had no mechanical problems and that the tracks and signals were in proper working order. "Safety is our top priority, and this in-depth investigation will help ensure that Metro-North is doing everything possible to improve its safety record," U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement. Aaron Donovan, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which operates the railroad, said in a statement: "We have robust safety effort underway, including a Blue Ribbon Commission that is already studying areas that the strike force is curious about. Nevertheless, since safety is our number one priority, we're always happy to work with anyone who has constructive ideas about how to keep Metro-North's customers and employees safe." The December 1 derailment was the fourth serious accident on the railroad since May. In June, a Metro-North train was sent down a track closed off for construction and fatally struck a foreman. In another incident, a Metro-North train derailed and was struck by a train on an adjacent track. A rail safety expert told CNN Thursday that the sweeping federal review was routine after a string of serious accidents. After the Operation Deep Dive assessment, the FRA will issue a report with findings and recommendations, the statement said. The agency will also evaluate the railroad's compliance with recent emergency order requiring "immediate steps to ensure its train crews do not exceed speed limitations." The order requires the railroad to "modify its existing signal system to ensure speed limits are obeyed and to provide two qualified railroad employees to operate trains where major speed restrictions are in place until the signal system is updated."
(CNN) -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez, his first space flight, scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery, marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies.|||Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico. Hernandez, an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico, is getting plenty of attention at home and abroad for his journey from working the fields to operating some of the most advanced mechanics on the space shuttle. Mexican President Felipe Calderon called the 47-year-old astronaut over the weekend to congratulate him. A transcript of the entire conversation was promptly posted online by the Mexican government. Hernandez is also reaching out to fans through Twitter, where he posts updates under the name "@Astro--Jose." "I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family," Hernandez said in a NASA interview. As a child, Hernandez's family split their time between Mexico and California, where they worked as migrant farm workers. During the school year his parents emphasized his education, but on the weekends Hernandez would help the family, he said in the interview, posted on the NASA Web site. Growing up in Stockton, California, it was Hernandez's job as the youngest child to hold up the rabbit ear antennas on the family's television set in order to get the best reception while everyone watched the Apollo missions. "Now I kid around with my family saying that, you know, it was through osmosis that I became an astronaut because I was closest to the whole situation," Hernandez told NASA. The real catalyst for his dream to become an astronaut, however, came when Franklin Chang-Diaz, became the first Latin American astronaut in 1981. "There was a lot of parallels and that's when I challenged myself. I said, "Hey, if Franklin can do it, why can't I do it?" Hernandez said in the interview. Hernandez earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering, and before joining NASA worked on a number of high-tech projects, including an X-ray laser to be deployed in space, a digital mammography system and the disposal of excess nuclear material in Russia, his official biography states. According to NASA, there are nine Hispanics currently in the astronaut program, and 13 total in the program's history. Astronaut Danny Olivas, also of Mexican descent, will also fly on Discovery's upcoming 13-day mission. The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice, once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve. NASA did not announce a new launch schedule.
(CNN) -- A senior manager at Morgan Stanley pleaded not guilty Friday to assault and hate-crime charges in connection with the stabbing of a New York City taxi driver over the cost of a fare.|||William Bryan Jennings, a bond-underwriting senior manager at Morgan Stanley, entered the plea in Connecticut Superior Court in Stamford, according to court documents. His next court date is set for April 12. Jennings is accused of attacking Mohamed Anmar with a 2.5-inch blade, using racial slurs against Anmar, who is of Middle Eastern descent, and failing to pay for services rendered. The racial slurs resulted in a charge of intimidation by bigotry or bias, which is classified as a hate crime, according to court documents. Police allege that after attending a company holiday party in Manhattan, Jennings hailed a cab about 11 p.m. on December 21 after a car service failed to arrive to take him to his home in Darien, Connecticut, about 40 miles away. He told police he had "been drinking throughout the day, but didn't feel he was highly intoxicated." According to a sworn affidavit, Anmar said he picked up Jennings, whom he described as drunk, and told him he could go to Connecticut for a flat rate of $204. When the taxi arrived at Jennings' residence, Anmar said the banker refused to pay the fare, offering him $50, according to the affidavit. Jennings told police Anmar demanded $294 and he offered to pay $160. After the disagreement, Anmar said he tried to call police from his cell phone, but he couldn't get mobile service and began driving to look for a patrol car, according to the affidavit. Both men say that Jennings tried to get out of the cab several times, but Anmar wouldn't slow down. The cabbie said he was still driving to try to find a police officer when Jennings reached through the opening in the cab's partition. Holding a penknife, Anmar said, Jennings cursed at him, saying, "I'm going to kill you. You should go back to your country," according to the affidavit. Police documents allege that Jennings stabbed at Anmar, cutting his hands as he tried to close the partition. Anmar told authorities he was able to get phone service nearby and called 911. "I felt like I was going to die that night," said Anmar, who required stitches in his hand for the injury. Jennings told police he acted out of self-defense, fearing Anmar would take him back to Manhattan and he might be "dropped in any number of dangerous places." According to court documents, Jennings is free on a $9,500 cash bond. Pen Pendleton, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, verified that Jennings is a senior manager of North American fixed-income capital markets, and is on leave from the company. Calls to Jennings' attorney were not returned Friday. CNN's Chris Dignam contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In April 2007, UEFA's executive committee voted to accept a joint proposal from Poland and Ukraine to host the European football Championships in 2012.|||Poland faces a struggle to upgrade many of its venues, such as Tenth Anniversary stadium in Warsaw. The decision to award the tournament to Poland -- a former communist country -- and Ukraine -- a former Soviet Republic -- was viewed with surprise by many in the world of sport as they had defeated a rival bid from established football powerhouse Italy. In addition to providing economic benefits -- hosting Euro 2008 was worth over $450 million to the Austrian economy according to its government -- staging such a high-profile international event would cap their remarkable transformation into credible democracies in the eyes of the world. However, both countries have had to address a number of problems.  Watch more about Poland's bid ». Political instability remains an issue in Ukraine -- the fragile ruling coalition recently collapsed -- while Poland's national team narrowly avoided a suspension after football's world ruling body FIFA said its federation had done little to stamp out corruption. A match-fixing scandal in the domestic league in 2005 led to about 70 people being arrested, though no one has been prosecuted. Significantly, neither country has hosted a major sporting event and concerns remain about the shortage of adequate stadiums, high-quality hotels and poor transport infrastructure in both Poland and Ukraine. With the proposed semi-final venues in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk and the Polish capital Warsaw, fans would currently be faced with a 30-hour train journey to attend both games. Although there are plans to expand and improve the highway linking the nations. The opening match is scheduled to be staged at a new 70,000-capacity National Stadium in Warsaw when construction work is completed in 2009 at a cost of $800 million. The final will be held at Kiev's redeveloped Olympic Stadium, however all 12 proposed venues need considerable work in order to comply with international standards. The remaining games will be held in the Polish cities of Gdansk, Poznan, Wroclaw, Chorzow and Krakow, as well as the Ukrainian cities of Lviv and Dnipropetrovsk. Concerns about the readiness of the co-hosts led to a warning in June this year from UEFA President Michel Platini that they risked losing the right to stage the tournament if stadiums in their capitals were not ready. This prompted a defiant response from the prime minister of Poland, who vowed to prove the skeptics wrong and make the 2012 European Championship an organizational triumph. "We are aware that there are countries interested in us failing and the only successful rebuke to that will be better coordination and solidarity in our actions," Polish premier Donald Tusk told reporters at the time. Bizarrely, the head of Poland's Football Association, Michal Listkiewicz, offered Uefa an alternative option for 2012 after voicing his concerns about Poland's ability to overcome its transport issues. "If the European Championships took place in 2016, we would have no problems about being ready then," Listkiewicz told Germany's Die Zeit Online. "But realistically we are looking at having no good roads in time for 2012," he said. "From Gdansk (in Poland) to Donetsk (in the Ukraine) is more than 1,500 kilometers (930 miles). This is not like in Austria and Switzerland where everything lies close together." Both countries were given a partial reprieve in September this year after UEFA's executive committee met in Bordeaux to discuss a progress report on preparations for the tournament. "The executive committee reconfirmed UEFA's commitment to organize Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine," Platini told uefa.com. "At the same time, the committee stressed a number of conditions must be met in order to bring forward the whole project." "If we don't have the stadiums in Kiev and Warsaw, that's a problem. Ukraine can't afford to send everyone to a country where there is no capital city (ready),'' Platini said. "They are working very hard and we have confidence in them. The president and the prime minister tell me it will be ready. What am I supposed to say? That I don't believe them?'' He added that the committee would review the progress again in May 2009. UEFA will then confirm the cities that will host matches. Meanwhile, the Scottish FA has offered to step in to host the tournament if UEFA decides to look elsewhere. Failure to host Euro 2012 is not an option in both Kiev and Warsaw. It would be viewed as a national embarrassment.
(CNN) -- A bus crashed into the side of a mountain Tuesday in western Bolivia, killing at least 13 people and injuring another 26, the government news agency reported.|||The driver lost control of the bus, which gained speed and smashed into rocks on the side of the road, said police official Victor Hugo Ona. The bus left the city of La Paz with 28 passengers but was later found to have 41 passengers and excess baggage, Ona told the state-run Agencia Boliviana de Informacion. Among the dead were seven men, four women and two minors, said Jose Villarroel, another police official. At least 19 of the injured were hospitalized. Bus driver Pedro Limachi, 45, was listed among the injured being treated at the Hospital Arco Iris in La Paz. The bus was operated by the Flota Yunguena transit company. Bolivia's mountainous roads often prove fatal.  A bus crash in central Bolivia in June left 28 dead and 44 injured after an apparent brake failure, police said at the time. That bus, which plunged into a ravine, was owned by the El Dorado company. A January bus accident killed 22 people.  And 19 people died and 26 were injured in August 2009 when a bus plunged off a mountain road.
(Financial TImes) -- The Bank of Japan has lifted its assessment of Japan's economy, and underlined progress towards its price target by saying that inflation expectations "appear to be rising."|||In an upbeat statement following a two-day policy meeting, the BoJ said the world's third-largest economy is "recovering moderately", boosted by a pick-up in exports and investment in fixed assets by companies on the back of higher profits. Public investment is also rising, it noted, while the housing sector is looking stronger. As such, the BoJ kept its main policy settings on hold, as it has done every month since April, when governor Haruhiko Kuroda unveiled what he called a "new phase" of "quantitative and qualitative monetary easing." The aim is to hit a 2 per cent target for inflation by buying up huge amounts of assets, mostly longer-term bonds. This week the BoJ reported that Japan's monetary base expanded 42 per cent from a year earlier in August, to Y172tn ($1.72tn), marking an all-time high for the sixth straight month. Meanwhile, the balance of current accounts deposited at the BoJ more than doubled to Y84tn, as banks parked proceeds of bond sales. Analysts say that the BoJ is now at a delicate juncture in its easing programme, where it is hoping that so-called "bad inflation" caused by the drop in the yen since late last year is gradually replaced by "good inflation", signalling a virtuous cycle of demand. For now, the evidence is mixed. The Japan-style core measure of consumer price inflation, which excludes food but not energy, climbed to 0.7 per cent in July, its highest level in nearly five years. The US-style core measure, which strips out both food and energy, is also on a rising trend but is still negative, at minus 0.1 per cent in July. Prices for items such as housing, furniture and medical care all fell from a year earlier. Meanwhile, lending activity is still relatively subdued, with total loans rising 2.2 per cent in July. Base salaries are generally flat, or falling. However, prices are moving in line with the policy board's forecasts, which means that the BoJ is under little pressure to do more to try to force the index higher. The onus now shifts to the government, say analysts, as it prepares to address some of the structural reforms set out in the growth strategy of Shinzo Abe, prime minister. Abe wants to make Japan a more competitive place to invest and to do business, thus stimulating employment, incomes and consumption. "[BoJ] policy board members are continuing to shun 'incremental easing'", said Izumi Devalier, economist at HSBC in Hong Kong. She expects the BoJ to leave monetary conditions unchanged for the remainder of the fiscal year to April. "With the central bank out of the hot seat for now, the focus is squarely on the government."
(CNN) -- A shuttle bus crashed Friday morning at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, injuring 15 people, police said, and temporarily snarling vehicle traffic at one of the world's busiest centers for air travel.|||The bus, shuttling people between the terminals and a rental car company, was leaving Interstate 190 on a lane toward a terminal when it struck a concrete median about 6:30 a.m. CT, CNN affiliate WBBM reported. Fifteen people were injured and were being taken to hospitals, but the severity of their injuries wasn't immediately clear, Chicago police spokeswoman Ana Pacheco said. The injured included the driver, who for a time was pinned by a guardrail that penetrated the bus upon impact, CNN affiliate WLS reported. Two Chicago firefighters who witnessed the crash freed the driver and then helped other passengers, WLS reported. Details about what caused the wreck were not immediately available. The wreck prompted the closure of some I-190 lanes and caused traffic backups on the interstate on Friday morning, WLS reported.
(CNN) -- Fernando Alonso stretched his lead in the world championship standings with a peerless drive from pole position to win the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Sunday.|||The 30-year-old Spaniard was claiming his third victory of the season for Ferrari after wins in Malaysia and the European Grand Prix. He came home just under four seconds clear of the two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel in his Red Bull. But Vettel was demoted to fifth for running off the track as he overtook McLaren's Jenson Button on the penultimate lap of 67. He was handed a 20 second penalty by race stewards to leave Britain's Button in second place and Finland's Kimi Raikkonen (Lotus-Renault) in the final podium position. Kamui Kobayashi of Japan was promoted to fourth, with Mexican teammate Sergio Perez (Sauber) in sixth. Home hero and seven-time champion Michael Schumacher was seventh for Mercedes ahead of Red Bull's Mark Webber, who lost ground in the title race. German Nico Hulkenberg, who was ninth for Force India, and his compatriot Nico Rosberg, in the second Mercedes, completed the points scoring. 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton (McLaren) saw his title chances further recede after being forced to retire after a puncture picked up from track debris. It followed an early collision between Ferrari number two Felipe Massa and Frenchman Romain Grosjean of Lotus. For Alonso, a third world title beckons after stretching his lead to 34 points over Australia's Webber, with Vettel in third, but 10 points further adrift. "We'll enjoy the win," said Alonso. "Starting on pole was the key factor because it was difficult to overtake and we were not the fastest but we kept the position." Vettel told the post-race press conference that he had not intended to hinder Button as he overtook the Briton. "The last thing you want to do is make contact. When we were side-by-side, I tried to give him enough room -- but it's difficult to see. "I went wide. We were all struggling with tires, Jenson in particular, which is why I was able to pass him."
(CNN) -- Several hundred demonstrators clashed with officers in riot gear in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Sunday in a protest that raged for more than 12 hours, ending around midnight, CNN affiliate KOAT reported. The protesters were enraged by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of James M. Boyd. KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless.|||The U.S. Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation into the shooting, as have the FBI and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico, the Justice Department said in a release. Meanwhile, arrests were made related to the protest, KOAT said. Mayor Richard Berry told the station that an officer was spat on and hit with a rock and another officer was trapped in a patrol car. Police shooting protest 'turns hostile' The mayor praised the police department for how it handled the protest, saying officers did an "exceptional job of de-escalating situations when we have protesters who obviously" want to "escalate the situation." "We want people to be able to protest," Berry added. But he said the demonstration was plagued by a "smaller group of individuals whose main goal" was to "put the public and themselves in danger." According to KOAT, protesters began gathering at about noon Sunday, and made their way to the city's Civic Plaza, the University of New Mexico and the Albuquerque Police Department. The University of New Mexico tweeted about the protest: "Reports from the scene have informed us that tear gas has been deployed, arrests are being made, again please avoid the Johnson Field area."
(CNN) -- North Korea warned Friday it would launch a military strike against the South if Seoul goes ahead with live-fire drills near Yeonpyeong Island over the next five days, North Korea's state-run KCNA reported.|||South Korea "should take a prompt measure to stop the planned provocative maritime shelling from Yeonpyeong Island," the report said. The Korean People's Army "will deal the second and third unpredictable self-defensive blow at them to protect the inviolable territorial waters of" North Korea "as it had declared before the world." The Russian Foreign Ministry also warned against the drills in a meeting Friday among Deputy Foreign Minister Alexi Borodavkin, U.S. ambassador John Beyrle and Lee Younho, the South Korean ambassador to Moscow, according to a statement posted to the ministry's website. The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff announced Thursday that the exercises will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island between December 18 and 21. The South previously announced military exercises for this week. Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23, when North Korea shelled the island, which lies in South Korean territory. The attacked killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people. The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North's waters. According to the Russian Foreign Ministry, Boradavkin reminded the U.S. and South Korean ambassadors at Friday's meeting that the November drill resulted in casulties and that canceling the drills was critical to avoid further possible escalation of tensions. Last month's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953, when an armistice ended fighting. The U.S. military has said it is concerned that South Korea's exercises could spark an uncontrollable clash with the North, but the State Department said the exercises are not meant to be threatening or provocative. "What we worry about, obviously, is if that is misunderstood or if it's taken advantage of as an opportunity," Gen. James Cartwright, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Thursday at the Pentagon. "If North Korea were to react to that in a negative way and fire back at those firing positions on the islands, that would start potentially a chain reaction of firing and counter-firing."
(CNN) -- China's National People's Congress (NPC) meets every year and brings about 3,000 national delegates together in Beijing's Great Hall of the People to discuss government reports, pass legislation and formalize appointments of government officials.|||The NPC is constitutionally the highest organ of government power in China although it has long been considered a rubber-stamp parliament. It passes virtually every measure, resolution and law put forward by the government or the Chinese Communist Party. Since the early 1990s, the NPC has passed several laws aimed at building up a legal system and has sought to promulgate a "rule by law" rather than a "rule by men" -- an attempt to steer the party away from its Maoist structures to fit more closely the international norms that govern the world's capital markets. The raft of new legislation passed at the NPC includes labor laws, securities laws, corporation laws, banking laws and environmental protection laws. The body also has the power to elect, dismiss and reassign local and central government officials, including the state president, the premier, top judges and ministers. Despite this, elections are carefully choreographed, and typically there is only one candidate for one position. Token disapproval or dissent is usually shown by means of abstentions rather than straight "no" votes. Xi Jinping and a new, younger crop of leaders are set to lead the Communist Party and the government over the next 10 years. The Communist Party is due for the reshuffle in the fall and the government will follow suit in spring 2013. Barring any big surprises, current vice premier Li Keqiang, a protege of President Hu, is set to replace Premier Wen Jiabao, who will retire. When China's leaders convene, they will have a wide range of problems to tackle. Among them:. -- How to keep the economy growing at a fast enough rate (the IMF currently estimates growth at 8.2%) at a time when the global economy is in recession. Much of the Communist Party's legitimacy is predicated on economic growth which mitigates unemployment and social tensions. -- How quickly China can shift its economic growth model from manufacturing and exports to domestic consumption and services. -- How to bridge the growing divide between the rich and the poor to maintain social stability. -- How to keep these problems in check without significantly changing the political system and how to deal with pressure for political reforms. -- How to keep ethnic unrest in places like Xinjiang and Tibet in check. -- How to deal with the growing desire in Taiwan, Macau and Hong Kong for more freedom while at the same time maintaining China's claim of sovereignty over them. Hong Kong is likely to be in focus this congress because of its upcoming elections. -- How to manage its growing economic and political strength overseas without triggering a backlash among other countries, especially its neighbors and the United States. Following three decades of economic reform, China is now an extremely complex and diverse country. Problems of regional rivalries, corruption, environmental degradation, joblessness, fiscal shakiness, massive in-migration and social tension are now visible features of China's political and social landscape. What the CCP will have to face is that the old way of governing -- rule by edict over a submissive and poorly informed population -- is no longer working. More and more Chinese are informed through the power of the media, particularly through microblogging sites like Weibo which are now a valuable litmus of popular public opinion. More than 500 million Chinese are internet users, and the country's microbloggers are believed to number more than 200 million users. More and more Chinese are unafraid to air their grievances, leading to thousands of "mass incidents" or spontaneous protests every year sparked by corruption, environmental damage, official abuse and land grabs.
(CNN) -- Piracy is expected to pick up in the high seas off Somalia after a lull caused by monsoon season, maritime officials warned Monday.|||Suspected Somali pirates sit behind bars during the first hearing in their trial at Aden port court on July 15. The Combined Maritime Forces urged crews to take up safety measures, including using recognized transit corridors in the Gulf of Aden and reporting to the European Union's security center before transit. "The prior preparation and vigilance of merchant mariners at all times of day and night is more important now than ever," said Rear Admiral Caner Bener of the Combined Task Force. International forces made up of more than 30 ships and aircraft from 16 nations will continue patrolling the waters to help fight pirates, according to officials. "While our ability to deter and disrupt attacks has improved over time, we are constantly adapting the way we do our business as the pirates adapt and modify their tactics," Bener said. The waters off Somalia are rife with pirate activity, despite increased measures by military forces and shipping companies to ward off attacks. Heavily armed pirates have struck the busy Indian Ocean shipping lanes and the Gulf of Aden, which connects the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean. They have captured dozens of vessels and hundreds of hostages, making off with millions of dollars in ransom. It was unclear whether a ransom was paid. The Gulf of Aden, off northern Somalia, has the highest risk of piracy in the world.
(CNN) -- Google's technology certainly can map out driving directions and organize e-mail (or even make cars drive themselves). But can its digital tools take down drug cartels?|||The company says it can, with your help. "We believe that technology has the power to expose and dismantle global criminal networks, which depend on secrecy and discretion in order to function," Google said in a blog post this week. "And for the past few months, we've been working with people fighting on the front line to gain a better understanding of what drives these networks and how they function." In coordination with the Council on Foreign Relations and the Tribeca Film Festival, Google Ideas -- the company's "think/do tank" -- hosted a conference in Los Angeles this week. Its goal: to come up with ways technology can be used to help dismantle illicit networks, from the drug and arms trades to human trafficking. The event was called the INFO Summit, short for Illicit Networks: Forces in Opposition, and it was designed largely to brainstorm these issues and to come up with technological solutions that could be implemented in the future. A YouTube channel has been created to house ideas from the event, but it was largely empty as of Thursday. Google says it wants to use technology to help people within illicit networks, as well as helping members of the public to shed light on the networks' illegal activities and ultimately dismantle them. The stakes for these activities are high. The United Nations estimates $2.1 trillion worth of illicit trade occurred in 2009. Violence also tends to surround these enterprises. Nearly 50,000 people have died in Mexico's drug violence since 2006, according to Mexican authorities. As part of the efforts, Interpol also announced the creation of an app and website called The Interpol Global Register. It's designed to help consumers and international law-enforcement groups track products that may be counterfeit or were traded illegally. A report about the app on Interpol's website (PDF) says the app will be available for iOS, Android, Windows and BlackBerry devices. It did not appear on Thursday to be available for download. Consumers can use the app to scan items and determine whether they were traded or created illegally. Illicit products are reported to authorities. The efforts by Google Ideas aim to go beyond using technology to expose wrongs in war zones and in illicit networks. The company wants to use tech to make a difference. "What we have learned from Syria is just getting content out into the public domain is not enough. Simple naming and shaming doesn't solve the problems," Jared Cohen, director of Google Ideas, told The Guardian in an interview at the conference. "It gives people a voice but at the end of the day the way you're going to solve these problems is some kind of partnership between humans and computers working together." Technology could also be used in closed states like North Korea, Stewart Patrick writes in a wrap-up of the INFO Summit on a Council of Foreign Relations blog. "Illicit networks flourish in the darkness, where corruption is the norm and transparency is absent. This problem is most acute in so-called 'mafia states,' where the government has become a full-fledged criminal enterprise -- of which the 'soprano state' of North Korea is the most glaring example," he writes. "But no country is exempt from corruption. And where transparency is lacking, there is no way for citizens to fight back." In a way, by trying to address these problems, Google is acknowledging it has had a hand in fostering them, too. "Internet-enabled technology, that which networks us together, has done a huge amount for humanity in general," Scott Carpenter, the principal at Google Ideas, said at the Oslo Freedom Forum earlier this year, according to a live blog. "But it's also introduced complications, such as child pornography, transnational crime, and government repression. Technology has made these bad things easier. Simply, when you combine human beings with machines, the results can be marvelous, or they can be malevolent." Google, whose unofficial motto is "Don't Be Evil," says that any efforts to raise awareness about these problems could only help. "We are trying to move the ball forward," Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times. "It seems to me if we can increase awareness of illicit networks, that in and of itself is progress."
(CNN) -- A centuries-old copy of a 500-year-old map that christened the New World as "America" has been discovered at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich -- folded and wedged inside of an old book, according to a release on the university's website.|||The original map, created in 1507 by cartographer Martin WaldseemÃ¼ller, according to the release, shows the continent of America isolated from Europe by a vast ocean and as a much smaller, banana-shaped landmass than what is mapped today. The ancient map was based on a variety of research expeditions, with Amerigo Vespucci's voyages at the beginning of the 16th century featuring heavily, according to the U.S. Library of Congress. Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched. The map itself is made up of globe segments, each containing different parts of the world that when cut out and folded together create a small globe. The university's website says the "new" map -- printed some time after the original -- was found inside a rebound 19th century book, unrelated in subject matter, by a bibliographer going through a routine revision of catalogs. The U.S. Library of Congress currently houses the only known full-size surviving copy of the original ambitious 1507 World Map by WaldseemÃ¼ller, after receiving it from German Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2007. The Library of Congress says that this was the first world map to recognize the new-found American landmass, completely transforming the understanding of a world originally thought of until then as Europe, Asia and Africa. America celebrates Independence Day. Photos: Celebrating the Fourth of July.
(CNN) -- You might remember the ad campaign "Bo knows baseball. Bo knows football." But these days sports legend Bo Jackson knows charity.|||Jackson has dedicated his post-pro-sports days to raising money to help restore the areas of his native Alabama devastated by a tornado in April 2011. He is also raising awareness on how to protect yourself and others from deadly storms. Jackson recalls that day: "I was in Illinois, where I live, and I can't remember what I was doing but I got phone calls from relatives and friends saying there's a bad storm -- a big tornado." Big indeed. A mile-wide tornado demolished much of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and the surrounding areas on April 27, 2011. This killer tornado was a part of a bigger storm system that left more than 300 people dead in the Southeast. Jackson remembers a conversation he had with his sister in the aftermath. "She said the storm was bad but everybody in our little town was OK. But other towns like Tuscaloosa, Cordova, Coleman, Jasper -- they got hit pretty hard," Jackson says. Rocked by the news, Jackson, a native of Bessemer, Alabama, who starred in football and baseball at Auburn University, knew he couldn't just sit idly by as the community that supported him in his climb to success was now in ruins. "I sat up and thought about what I can do to give back to my community, my state. And I came up with this harebrained idea to ride a bicycle across the state," Jackson says. His idea became reality with the creation of Bo Bikes Bama. Jackson and his friends rode across the state to raise money not only to help rebuild but also to build community storm shelters. "Bo Bikes Bama is an event where I want to make the rest of the country aware of just how severe a tornado can be. It's a way of coming back home and doing something for the people that had faith in me when I was younger. Bo Bikes Bama is all about caring about your brothers and sisters," Jackson says. The first Bo Bikes Bama took place in 2012 and Jackson has vowed to make it an annual event because he feels the need will always be there. The storms will keep coming and the mission for him is not just to rebuild after loss, but to better prepare for the next storm. "I decided to make it an annual event, as long as I can ride to raise money for tornado victims." He also is aware that in addition to the money raised, the event is a morale booster for the survivors in these small towns. "People will be struggling to rebuild for a long time. And just to see these people come out and stand beside the street and wave and smile after everything that they've been through -- lost family members, lost their homes, their jobs -- and they still come out (and) thank you for what you're doing. ... It's a period where everybody has decided to come together and work as one for one great cause," Jackson says. In addition to the bike ride, Jackson and his group go into small Alabama towns seeking to persuade landowners to donate land where community storm shelters can be built. "When you don't have a place to get out of the way of a tornado, a lot of people get injured, lose their lives. Hiding in a closet or getting in a bathtub doesn't work when the whole house is getting picked up off the foundation and getting thrown down the street," Jackson says. And while the bike ride is Jackson's major annual fundraiser, he stresses that the need continues year round and his group collects donations year round to continue their efforts. "I would rather do something to prevent the loss of life now than wait until something else bad happens," Jackson says. He also sees that severe weather like this affects many more Americans beyond Alabama and he recognizes the need to expand his reach. "I have already been contacted by friends of mine to come and do the same thing in Mississippi. I've been contacted by friends of mine in Missouri (Jackson played baseball for the Kansas City Royals) that would love for me to come back there and do something there, and I want to. I will. But I gotta take care of home first."
(CNN) -- Opening arguments are scheduled for Monday in Philadelphia in the first case in which an official of a Roman Catholic archdiocese has been accused of protecting abusive priests by moving them from parish to parish.|||Monsignor William Lynn has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy and endangering the welfare of a child. Lynn served as the vicar of clergy in the Archdiocese of Philadelphia from 1992 to 2004, a position in which he was responsible for investigating reports that priests had sexually abused children. A grand jury alleged that he knowingly allowed priests accused of abuse to continue in the ministry in roles in which they had access to children, according to the district attorney's office. Lynn "acted as if his job was to protect the abuser, never the abused," a January 2011 grand jury report concluded. But Lynn's lawyers argue that the monsignor had informed his superiors -- including Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua, who died in January -- that priests in the archdiocese were assaulting children. Pope leads open-air Mass in Mexico. The Lynn case has had reverberations across the country, including the October 2011 arrest of Bishop Robert W. Finn in Kansas City, Missouri, on charges that he failed to report suspected child abuse by a priest. Finn pleaded not guilty. Lynn's case has already had some surprises in the weeks leading up to this point. The latest came Thursday, when a co-defendant, defrocked priest Edward Avery, accepted a plea deal and was sentenced to 2-1/2 to five years in prison. The deal does not require Avery to testify against Lynn, leaving open the question of how it ultimately affects the case. "This is a very mysterious plea," says CNN legal analyst Paul Callan. "And it will be interesting to see as the trial rolls on why this plea was really entered, because there's something going on that we don't know about at this point in time." In February, the defense had a bombshell of its own. Lynn's attorneys presented a document that seems to show that in 1994, Bevilacqua ordered shredded a document prepared by Lynn that listed the names of suspected abusers. In jury selection process, The Philadelphia Inquirer reported Common Pleas Court Judge M. Teresa Sarmina as saying in open court, "Anybody that doesn't' think there is widespread sexual abuse within the Catholic Church is living on another planet." The comment prompted calls for Sarmina to recuse herself. She has not. Because of a court-mandated gag order, all parties in the case are prevented from commenting. But Bill Donohue, president of the Catholic League, says Sarmina was inappropriate and incorrect. "We don't have a problem today," Donahue said. "We had it in the '60s and '70s and in the first part of the 1980s. If [Sarmina] goes in there with that mindset, I think she should have recused herself. She's already --as far as I'm concerned -- she's damaged goods." Cuba has complicated relationship with Church. Victims' advocates say the Catholic Church still has a problem with priest abuse. "We have seen no evidence either that the Catholic Church has really changed anything," says Barbara Blaine, president of Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests. "We have seen them change their public relations and their statements, but we still haven't seen one bishop to be fired or publicly punished for enabling or covering up for sexual predator priests." Blaine hopes this case will give survivors like Rich Green some justice. Green, the nephew of deceased Cardinal John O'Connor of New York, says he was abused by a priest at a Philadelphia high school in 1990. The priest died in 1999, and the statute of limitations has run out on Green's ability to sue the Philadelphia archdiocese. Green did receive a settlement from the Archdiocese of Wilmington, Delaware, where the priest's order is based, and says he plans to attend Lynn's trial as often as he can. "We are asking for these people who are responsible for destroying our lives to be held accountable for what they did to us," Green said. "We are the ones telling the truth, and I don't understand why the Catholic Church can't tell the truth." Finding the truth will be the job of a jury that is likely to hear testimony from alleged victims; a possible taped deposition from Bevilacqua; and perhaps from Lynn himself.
(CNN) -- China's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Wednesday in a move widely seen as a protest for the ongoing dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea.|||Zhou Xiaochuan, the governor of the People's Bank of China, was scheduled to give the Per Jacobsson lecture at the IMF-World Bank annual meetings being held this year through Sunday in Tokyo. A spokesperson for the IMF said they were told two days ago that Zhou's schedule might require him to cancel his lecture in Tokyo. "His deputy Yi Gang will represent him at the IMF-World Bank Annual Meetings and will deliver his Per Jacobsson Lecture," the spokesperson said. Past speakers for the lecture have included U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti and Mohamed A. El-Erian, CEO of PIMCO. Zhou's decision not to attend follows news earlier this week that representatives from China's four major banks -- the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Bank of China, China Construction Bank and Agricultural Bank of China -- would not be attending the IMF meetings in protest of the territorial dispute. Last month the Japanese government bought the disputed islands from the Japanese family that privately owned the islands for 2.05 billion yen (US$26.2 million). That move brought already rising tensions to a boil in China, where often violent protests broke out in dozens of Chinese cities -- from Guangzhou in the south to Qingdao in the north. Japanese cars, stores and factories were damaged in many areas. Japan's largest automakers said Tuesday that sales in China nosedived in September in the face of Japanese product boycotts. Toyota sales in China dropped 48.9% compared to a year ago. Honda sales were down 40.5% from 2011, and Nissan reported a 35.3% decline in sales. CNN's Pamela Boykoff and CNNMoney's Charles Riley contributed to this report.
America's food police are patrolling and arresting suspicious French dairy products, which are either delicious cheese or a bacteria-laden menace.  You decide.|||The Los Angeles Times reports that Food and Drug Administration rules could effectively ban age-old recipes for cheeses like Roquefort, St. Nectaire, Morbier and Tomme de Savoie. According to Washington's Righteous Cheese shop manager, Peter McNamara, imported soft cheeses of all kinds are especially hard to come by. "There's a lot of confusion (over the rules) ... getting hold of any soft cheese is really a pain," McNamara said. The FDA says it is not aware of a cheese shortage. The food safety agency's concern is with the cheeses' two main ingredients: raw milk and bacteria. Too bad for foodies, the FDA doesn't care that bacteria makes cheese. Since bacteria like E. coli and listeria kill people, all bacteria must be bad, right? Well, the problem is our bodies are teeming with bacteria, even the dreaded E. coli, according to the World Health Organization. Although we have plenty of non-toxigenic E. coli in our intestines, the toxic kind kills. The FDA is testing for all kinds and giving out failing grades to cheeses that had too much of the non-toxigenic E. coli as well. While non-toxigenic E. coli won't kill consumers, if a food production facility has it on the food, the FDA, after a long review process, determines it must be filthy. According to FDA spokeswoman Lauren Sucher, "The current level is in line with standards around the world, and FDA expects that properly manufactured milk products, whether made from raw milk or pasteurized milk, should not be affected." Presumably France does not agree. In this case, the FDA made a new rule in 2010 to reduce the amount of allowable E. coli by 90%.  But field officers hadn't been enforcing it until recently, according to the American Cheese Society's executive director, Nora Weiser. The fact that the French producers of Roquefort can trace their production lineage back a millennium doesn't seem to matter to the FDA. Earlier this year, the FDA similarly proposed banning wood-board aged cheeses because of bacteria. It later backed off. French cheese makers aren't the only ones on the front lines of the FDA's war on raw milk. The FDA also has launched raids of Amish farms to wipe out the scourge of raw milk.
What a sweet snapshot: Mom, dad, the baby boy ... and two charming canines.|||It's one of two photos released Tuesday by Kensington Palace of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, their newborn son, Prince George, and a couple of four-legged friends. The photos were shot by Michael Middleton, Catherine's father, in early August in the garden of the Middleton family home in Bucklebury, Berkshire. One portrait shows Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, beaming while holding the swaddled George, who is third in line to the British throne. The happy husband, Prince William, is beside them, all smiles. They are accompanied on the left by Tilly the retriever, a Middleton family pet, and on the right by Lupo, the couple's cocker spaniel. Royal baby name: The History behind George Alexander Louis. The other portrait shows the royal couple alone with the young prince. In his first official interview since George's July 22 birth, William told CNN's Max Foster that Lupo is taking the addition to the royal family in stride. "He's coping all right, actually," William said. "As a lot of people know who have got dogs and bringing a newborn back, they take a little bit of time to adapt, but he's been all right so far. He's been slobbering around the house a bit, so he's perfectly happy." Future king talks fatherhood, baby George. Lupo will be a perfect playmate for George, whom William calls "a little bit of a rascal." "He either reminds me of my brother or me when I was younger, I'm not sure, but he's doing very well at the moment," William told CNN, in describing the youngest member of the royal family. "He's growing quite quickly actually. But he's a little fighter -- he wriggles around quite a lot and he doesn't want to go to sleep that much."
(CNN)In the midst of the color debate, there's one thing the Internet does seem to agree upon.|||That dress is not cute. Whether folks were team white and gold or team blue and black, the common consensus across social media seemed to be that it is far from the height of fashion. Wired has attempted to explain the science behind the debate that has split us all. The battle, it says, "is about more than just social media -- it's about primal biology and the way human eyes and brains have evolved to see color in a sunlit world." "Light enters the eye through the lens -- different wavelengths corresponding to different colors," writes Wired's Adam Rogers. "The light hits the retina in the back of the eye where pigments fire up neural connections to the visual cortex, the part of the brain that processes those signals into an image." Usually this process works fine, Rogers writes, but the image of this particular dress is "some kind of perceptual boundary." "What's happening here is your visual system is looking at this thing, and you're trying to discount the chromatic bias of the daylight axis," Bevil Conway, a neuroscientist who studies color and vision at Wellesley College, told Wired. "So people either discount the blue side, in which case they end up seeing white and gold, or discount the gold side, in which case they end up with blue and black." For the record, Conway sees blue and black when he looks at the dress. According to Mashable, the frock can be purchased for $77 from the British site Roman Originals. Mashable also collected some of the best Amazon reviews, including one that simply read, "This dress is why I have trust issues."
(Mashable) -- Apple's production partners are already hard at work on the new model of iPad, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.|||The fact that Apple is working on an iPad 2, of course, is common knowledge. The famously tight-lipped company rarely talks about upcoming product launches, and isn't talking now. But Apple has never denied that it intends to follow up on one of its most successful products. Nearly $5 billion worth of iPads have been sold in the three quarters since its launch. And a quick glance at the history of the iPhone, which launches a new model every year, suggests that we should expect to see the iPad 2 right around the first anniversary of its predecessor's launch: April 3, 2011. A prototype of the iPad 2 was apparently spotted by a Reuters reporter after the launch of News Corp's iPad publication, the Daily, last week. And an unconfirmed report from DigiTimes in December said that Foxconn, the Chinese makers of the iPhone and iPad, had been ordered to manufacture the iPad 2 in market-ready quantities by the end of February. The Journal report, which carries three bylines and cites "people familiar with the matter," offers a few more nuggets of detail. It confirms the widely-held belief that the iPad 2 will have a front-facing camera, enabling use of the Facetime videoconferencing app. It says that the 3G version will again be available on Verizon and AT&T, with Sprint and T-Mobile still shut out. But it contradicts earlier reports that Apple will endow the iPad 2 with a higher-resolution screen, much as the iPhone 4 had significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 3GS. Apple is likely still working on a higher quality iPad display -- it just won't be ready for the iPad 2. So will a slightly improved Apple tablet with camera be enough to persuade millions of iPad users to upgrade? Are there other bells and whistles we don't know about yet? We have previously reported on rumors that the new device will have an SD Card slot, and that it will feature rear-facing and front-facing cameras. (Click here for our comprehensive roundup of iPad 2 rumors). We'll know when Apple's acting CEO Tim Cook takes the stage, if this product timeline is accurate, in a few months' time. © 2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Tyler Perry has, for the first time, revealed graphic details about the sexual, physical and emotional abuse he says he suffered as a child.|||"I'm tired of holding this in," Tyler Perry wrote on his Web site, "... so I've decided to give some away." Perry recounts in a message posted on his Web site and in an e-mail to fans that a prescreening of the film "Precious," due out later this year, dislodged "some raw emotions and brought me to some things and places in my life that I needed to deal with but had long forgotten. It brought back memories so strong that I can smell and taste them." Perry is an executive producer of the movie, which tells the tale of Claireece "Precious" Jones, an illiterate, obese 16-year-old girl from Harlem who is emotionally and physically abused. The 40-year-old producer says he can identify with the character, and he recalls a number of incidents from his childhood. Emmitt Perry Sr., a construction worker, uttered profane insults at him and relentlessly beat and belittled him, Perry says. The random, violent beatings were commonplace until Perry was 19, he said. "You ... jackass! You got book sense but you ain't got no ... common sense," he quotes his father as saying. "I heard this every day of my childhood," says Perry. Attempts to reach Emmitt Perry Sr. for comment were unsuccessful. Tyler Perry was born Emmitt Perry Jr. but changed his name to distance himself from his father. One night when his mother was gone, Perry says, his drunken father "got the vacuum cleaner extension cord and trapped me in a room and beat me until the skin was coming off my back." Perry says that while at a playmate's house when he was about 10 years old, his friend's scantily clad mother locked the friend in the bathroom and told Perry to leave. "I was at the front door trying to get out, when she came in and laid on the sofa and asked me if I wanted the key. I told her I had to go home as it was getting dark. "She put the key inside of herself and told me to come get it, pulling me on top of her," Perry writes on his site. Perry said he was sickly as a child, and that made his father angry. His grandmother contended the family was wasting money on allergy shots. She said Perry had germs on him. One day when Perry's mother was away, he said, his grandmother decided "to kill those germs on me once and for all. She gave me a bath in ammonia." The violence in the home caused Perry's mother to pack up the car with him and his sisters and drive from Louisiana to California. Her husband reported the car stolen, and the family members went to jail until the father came to get them. Perry said his father beat his mother all the way home. The producer said he got through by turning to God, and he forgave his tormentors to help himself heal. Perry, who previously has spoken publicly in more general terms about his childhood abuse, explains his latest revelations this way: "I'm tired of holding this in. I don't know what to do with it anymore, so I've decided to give some away." In October 2008, he told Ebony magazine: "I tell people, if you're thinking about suicide, all that stuff I've attempted and thought about it. If you think about it, life gets better. The key to life when it gets tough is to keep moving. Just keep moving." Perry also is the writer, director and actor in boisterous comedies such as "Madea's Family Reunion" and "I Can Do Bad All By Myself."
Saudi Arabia has arrested 88 men who were part of a terrorist network, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday.|||They were "on the verge of implementing" plotted attacks inside the country and abroad, the ministry said in a statement. They came from six terror cells in four regions of the country, including Mecca, said Maj. Gen. Mansour al-Turki, a ministry spokesman. Some of those arrested are "family members who have sent their sons to terrorist organizations abroad," al-Turki said. Some of the others were trying to travel abroad "to join terrorist groups to conduct terrorist operations." Most are Saudi citizens, but three are Yemenis, and one person has yet to be identified, al-Turki said. Fifty-nine of the men had been arrested previously. They were rounded up after months of surveillance. The arrests are part of a nationwide security operation, the ministry said.
A medical doctor-turned Libertarian Senate candidate in Iowa died when a plane he was piloting crashed  around 11 p.m. Monday.|||Doug Butzier, 59, was earning less than 2% of the vote in the competitive statewide race between Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley and Republican state Sen. Joni Ernst to replace retiring veteran Sen. Tom Harkin. "He was a leader among his peers," said Russell Knight, the president of Mercy Medical Center-Dubuque, the hospital where Butzier worked. "We will all miss his strong, intelligent, thoughtful presence, and we express our collective condolences to Doug's family, friends, and colleagues." Butzier was a practicing emergency medicine doctor and president of the medical staff at the hospital, according to his campaign website. Information about the cause of the crash has not been publicly released, although the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration will investigate. The plane failed in its first approach to land on the runway, and it crashed the second time, according to a local news report. It remains unclear if weather played a role in the crash, although it was raining during the day and into the night Monday. Because the deadline for changing candidates has passed, Butzier's name will still appear on ballots in Iowa next month. Both Braley and Ernst released statements expressing condolences to Butzier's friends and family. He is survived by his wife and two sons.
(CNN) -- You don't find too many happy stories in the aftermath of a tornado, but Spc. Jacob Montgomery is telling one.|||He was one of many Midwesterners holding on for dear life this month as a spate of deadly tornadoes rumbled through. Hundreds of families had their lives altered when 76 reported tornadoes hit. At least eight people lost their lives. How to help: Tornadoes tear across Midwest. Montgomery's apartment in Washington, Illinois, was turned to rubble on November 17. And to make matters worse, he could not find his pitbull puppy, Dexter. His training helped him deal with a lot of things, he said, but not that. "As a National Guardsman, you train to respond to emergencies all the time, but I never really had it happen to me," said Montgomery, who has been a military police officer with the Illinois Army National Guard for more than five years. For days, he scoured the wreckage looking for Dexter, unsuccessfully. Then he got a phone call from his neighbor Tuesday. A rescue group had found Dexter buried under a pile of rubble near Montgomery's apartment, the neighbor told him. They coaxed him out of the mess using hot dogs. "I am lucky. All I had in my apartment is gone, but my dog was all I really had to worry about," Montgomery said. Montgomery is living at a friend's house while he looks for a new place to stay. But at least he has Dexter. Midwesterners try to recover after string of deadly tornadoes. Oklahoma woman finds dog, wedding ring amid tornado rubble.
The discovery of three young women missing for a decade in Cleveland immediately raised the hopes of the family of a fourth missing woman.|||After all, Ashley Summers was just like two of the three discovered women: Cleveland teenagers who all disappeared within five blocks of each other over a four-year span. The anticipation for Summers' family was heightened momentarily when authorities said they had yet to identify one of the three discovered women. Was it Ashley? Could it be Ashley, who went missing almost six years ago at age 14? "At first, when they said the third girl wasn't identified, I was hoping one would be Ashley," said her aunt, Debra Summers. Ashley Summers' mother expressed similar emotions. "She said, 'Oh, my God' -- just hoping it was Ashley," Debra Summers, 30, said of her sister Jennifer Summers, 33, who wasn't immediately available for interviews Tuesday. But the third woman held in captivity for a decade was someone else, not Ashley, authorities announced. "I was upset, but I was happy at the same time that they found the third girl," Debra Summers said. Now the Summers family is hoping that the investigation into the three women's decade-long captivity will yield information about Ashley, who disappeared on July 6, 2007. "We're hoping that it's connected, and they knew where she was," Summers said of the investigation. "We're hoping for a miracle." Investigators questioned three brothers about Summers, but police said Wednesday they had no new leads. Only one brother, Ariel Castro, will be charged in the kidnappings, police said. "There is no new information that's come to light about her: Ashley Summers is an active, open investigation," Cleveland Police Deputy Chief Ed Tomba told reporters Wednesday. "I can assure you that her disappearance was part of our questioning of the three subjects that we brought in." Investigators will speak to the three discovered women to see if they know anything about Summers' disappearance, said Special Agent Vicki Anderson, of the FBI Cleveland Division. The discovery of the three women might prompt someone who has information -- but never said anything -- to call authorities, she said. "We're really very dependent on the public's assistance on things such as this, for them to be aware of people around them, to report things that are suspicious, to take a look at the pictures of these individuals who are missing and see if they recognize them," Anderson said. Since Ashley Summers disappeared, "there's been no legitimate sightings, no accessing social media, anything," Anderson said. Former FBI agent Jennifer Eakin said authorities have long believed in a link in the disappearances of Summers and two of the women discovered this week -- Amanda Berry and Georgina "Gina" DeJesus. Eakin is now a case manager at the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, which in 2008 held a comprehensive review of the cases with the FBI and Cleveland police. "We did in fact believe there was an association between the Berry case and the DeJjesus case as well as the Summers case," Eakin said. In 2009, CNN reported how the FBI was investigating connections between the three missing Cleveland teens. "We kind of put all three of these cases together to work them to see if there's any connection," FBI Special Agent Scott Wilson, in the agency's Cleveland Division, said then. At the time, authorities said Ashley Summers was initially reported as a runaway after a family argument. Problem was, she never contacted her family again, authorities said. "She's considered an endangered juvenile who may have been a runaway and possibly abducted," Anderson said. The Summers family is also renewing their efforts to publicize Ashley's disappearance. The FBI's missing person website says Ashley Summers has a tattoo of "Gene" enclosed in a heart on her upper arm, and her birthday is June 16, 1993, making her 19 years old. Jennifer Summers, a restaurant cook, has seven other children, whose ages range from 2 to 16, and Ashley is her oldest, said Debra Summers, a shipping clerk who lives in Parma, Ohio. Debra Summers last saw her niece two weeks before she disappeared. "She just hanged around the house and talked about her boyfriend and the usual stuff," Debra Summers said. "She actually wanted to move in with me, and I said yeah, but she never came." Ashley Summers left her mother's home, where four younger siblings were then also living, and instead moved to her great-uncle's residence, so she could be closer to friends, Debra Summers said. Then she vanished.
Caracas, Venezuela (CNN) -- A manual recount of votes isn't possible in Venezuela, the head of the country's Supreme Court said Wednesday, suggesting there is no legal basis for the opposition's push for a ballot-by-ballot audit of the narrow presidential election results.|||In nationally televised remarks, Venezuelan Chief Justice Luisa Estella Morales said Venezuela's 1999 constitution eliminated manual recounts in favor of a "system audit." "In Venezuela the electoral system is completely automated. Therefore, a manual count does not exist. Anyone who thought that could really happen has been deceived," she said. "The majority of those who are asking for a manual count know it and are clear about it. Elections are not audited ballot by ballot but through the system." Her comments came a day after the sounds of clanking pots and pans and bursting fireworks rang out in Caracas as tensions mounted over Venezuela's tight election results. It was a clear sign that days after Sunday's presidential vote, fierce political battles are far from over in the deeply divided country. Supporters of opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski banged pots and pans to protest the government's refusal to recount the votes, while supporters of President-elect Nicolas Maduro set off fireworks to celebrate his victory and drown out the noise. Maduro, the late President Hugo Chavez's handpicked successor, is scheduled to be sworn in on Friday. Election authorities proclaimed him president-elect on Monday despite Capriles' demand for a recount. Venezuela's state-run AVN news agency said at least eight people had been killed in post-election violence across the country. AVN also reported that authorities had arrested 135 people in connection with political violence. The government news agency tied the deaths to opposition protests and said the victims were all followers of Maduro. Government health clinics, food distribution centers, a bank and a preschool program were the targets of violence, officials said. CNN could not independently confirm the government reports of violence, and it was unknown whether there were any opposition injuries or fatalities. Maduro secured 50.8% of votes in Sunday's election, while opposition candidate Capriles won 49%, Venezuela's National Electoral Council said. Since the tally was announced, both Capriles and Maduro have publicly urged supporters to remain peaceful while also accusing each other of inciting violence. The issue of post-election clashes swiftly has become a flashpoint for a new round of political sparring, as Capriles repeated his calls for a recount and Maduro vowed to use an iron fist to crack down on any attempts to unseat him from the presidency. Analysis: Why Venezuela is so divided? Capriles' repeated demands for a recount have left key questions about Venezuela's future unanswered: Will Maduro's supporters stick behind him? Will tension in the deeply divided country boil over after the tight race? And will world leaders recognize the results? U.S Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday that he could not say if he would recognize Maduro as the president-elect or not. "We think there ought to be a recount. ... Obviously if there are huge irregularities we're going to have serious questions about the viability of that government," Kerry said during a hearing of the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee. His comments drew a stern response from Maduro, who said Wednesday in national broadcast remarks Wednesday that he "does not care" whether the United States recognizes his election victory. "Don't recognize anything. Your recognition does not matter to us," Maduro said. "We have decided to be free and we are going to be free and independent, with you or without you. Your opinion is not important to us." CNN's Paula Newton reported from Caracas. CNN's Rafael Romo and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta. CNN's Esprit Smith, Pierre Mielhan and Jose Armijo contributed to this report.
PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania (CNN)  -- If you're out of work like Steve Lippe, who was laid off from his job as a salesman in January, you know you already have problems. But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment debit card, he became livid.|||A brochure that goes out to Pennsylvanians seeking unemployment via debit card lists a number of fees. "A $1.50 [fee] here, a $1.50 there," he said. "Forty cents for a balance inquiry. Fifty cents to have your card denied. Thirty-five cents to have your account accessed by telephone." He was quoting fees listed in a brochure that goes out to every unemployed person in Pennsylvania who chooses to receive benefits via debit card. He was given the option when he filed for jobless payments: Wait 10 days for a check or get the card immediately. Like most of the 925,000 state residents who received unemployment benefits in February in Pennsylvania, he chose the debit card and only then, he says, did he learn about the fees. "I was outraged by it," he told CNN. "I was very noisy about it. I just couldn't believe it. An outrage is just too weak a word. It's obscene." According to the U.S. Department of Labor, 30 states offer direct deposit cards to the unemployed. Many of the nation's biggest banks have contracts with the individual states. JP Morgan Chase, for instance, has contracts with seven states and has pending deals with two others, according to Chase spokesman John T. Murray. About 10 states, the Labor Department says, pay by check only. The National Consumer Law Center says fees range from 40 cents to a high of $3 per transaction, if the debit card is used at an out-of-network ATM. Most banks give jobless debit card users one free withdrawal per deposit period, which averages every other week in most states. But consumer advocates, including the Law Center, say the unemployed "should be able to obtain cash and perform basic functions with no fees." A key Democratic member of the House Financial Services Committee, which oversees bank regulation and theTroubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), told CNN she agrees wholeheartedly. "Fees should not be attached to unemployment benefits that the taxpayers are paying to help Americans," Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-New York, told CNN. "Particularly, these fees should not be attached by banks that are getting TARP money and are being supported by taxpayer dollars." CNN asked some of the major banks involved in the debit card program for a response. Spokesmen for JP Morgan Chase, Wachovia, Bank of America and Wells Fargo all directed us to the individual state governments for comment. The acting secretary of labor and industry for Pennsylvania is Sandi Vito. Via e-mail, her staff invited CNN reporters to Allentown, Pennsylvania, where she was taking part at a public meeting at an elementary school. Afterward, she said, she would answer questions about the debit card fees. But when the meeting ended, her staff said she was too busy to talk.  Watch Vito leave meeting in a hurry ». Her spokesman, Troy A. Thompson, spoke with CNN after Vito left. "The distribution system for people getting their benefits has been improved by the use of debit cards, way above and beyond the distribution by check," he said. The U.S. Department of Labor provided what it called "talking points" to CNN when asked for comment on the fee structure. "States can do a better job negotiating fees with banks," the department said. "Many states have obtained terms far more favorable to claimants than those described in media reports." In addition, according to the talking points, the Labor Department said it was aware states are offering unemployment debit cards for good reasons:. •  It is less expensive for claimants without bank accounts because they don't need to pay check cashing fees. • Claimants can use the card free at merchants and therefore don't need to carry excess cash. • Generally, these cards are safer and more secure than checks. "We will be working with states as they gain experience with debit cards to resolve these problems related to fees," the Labor Department said.
(CNN) -- Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Serie A goals since October as third-placed Napoli earned a morale-boosting 4-2 win at Lazio on Monday.|||Higuain has struggled to match his feats at Real Madrid since joining from the Spanish club in a reported $55 million deal in July, but he netted in each half to put the Naples side within three points of second-placed Roma and six of leader Juventus. The Argentina striker put Napoli ahead in the 24th minute at Rome's Stadio Olimpico but an own-goal from teammate Valon Behrami less than 60 seconds later leveled the score. Fellow forward Goran Pandev made it 2-1 five minutes after the break, and Higuain -- who also had a first-half effort disallowed for offside -- extended the lead in the 72nd minute with his seventh goal in Italy's top flight this season. Striker Keita Balde Diao pulled one back on 88, but Higuain's fellow former Real star Jose Maria Callejon sealed the win with his seventh goal in the league. It helped boost Napoli ahead of this weekend's home match against Udinese and next week's must-win European Champions League Group F clash with Arsenal. The defeat left Lazio in ninth place, 20 points behind champion Juve. The Turin side suffered a setback Monday with the news that key midfielder Andrea Pirlo will next week's Champions League Group B decider at Galatasaray after suffering a knee injury in Sunday's 1-0 win against Udinese. Juve needs a point to qualify for the knockout stage in second place behind Real Madrid. Meanwhile, Fiorentina stayed fifth in Serie A after Monday's 4-2 win at home to 10-man Verona, with the score 2-2 inside 15 minutes. Borja Valero netted two of those to level for La Viola, who then went ahead through Juan Vargas just before halftime. Verona had Serbia midfielder Bosko Jankovic sent off in the 54th minute, allowing Giuseppe Rossi to net his leading 12th goal in 14 league games, while Brazil-born Italy Under-21 international Jorginho ensured a nervous finish when he reduced the deficit on 72. It left Fiorentina behind fourth-placed Inter Milan on goal difference, with Verona five points adrift in sixth.
You squirt it on your hands as you catch the office elevator for lunch, and then again on your way home. You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen, too -- and you use them often.|||You think (hope?) that your hand-sanitizer habit is protecting you from colds and flu and gross bugaboos like E. coli. But even if it isn't, it's harmless. Right? The rumor: Hand sanitizer is not only ineffective, it's toxic. Word on the street has it that despite how clean your hands feel after using a hand sanitizer, they're actually still dirty -- and using sanitizers might actually lower your resistance to disease. Is it true?! upwave: Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away? The verdict: Soap and water beats sanitizers hands-down. When it comes to safety and effectiveness, the main concern with hand sanitizers is triclosan, which is the main antibacterial ingredient in nonalcoholic hand sanitizers. "There's no good evidence that triclosan-containing products have a benefit," says Allison Aiello, associate professor of epidemiology at the University of Michigan. In Europe and the United States, hospitals won't even use them, she notes; it's thought that they don't reduce infections or illness. Dr. Anna Bowen, a medical epidemiologist at The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, says, "Triclosan-containing products don't provide any disease protection beyond what you get from washing with soap and water." Research has shown that triclosan can disrupt the endocrine system, amplifying testosterone. In animal studies, it reduced muscle strength. It may also harm the immune system. Whether these findings add up to human toxicity isn't established yet, but the FDA is currently reviewing the issue. upwave: How to prevent getting sick when you travel. A more established concern: "When you expose bacteria to triclosan, it can elicit antibiotic resistance," says Aiello. "Once the resistance is transferred, [pathogenic] bacteria can become resistant to many types of antibiotics." (Quaternary ammonium, another antibacterial found in nonalcoholic hand sanitizers, has also been shown to elicit antibiotic resistance, she says.) The main concern with triclosan, however, is that it doesn't protect against viruses or fungi. "Colds are caused by viruses, not bacteria," Aiello points out. Bottom line? Skip it. Alcohol-based sanitizers, on the other hand, are fairly effective and safe. "Hand sanitizers that are 60% alcohol are good at killing bacterial pathogens," says Bowen. They can also kill some viruses, but not all of them -- such as the noroviruses that can cause cruise-ship outbreaks. "They're not a panacea, but if you can't wash your hands, a squirt of an alcohol-based hand gel is a good idea," she says. Adds Aiello, "If you can't get to a sink quickly, an alcohol-based sanitizer is a good alternative [to washing with soap and water]." One caveat: They don't work on visibly dirty hands -- the alcohol can't get past the dirt. upwave: Get dangerous germs out of your home. And that brings us back to soap and water -- which is both safe and effective. Try to suds up after you use the toilet and before you prepare food; studies show that doing so can drastically reduce the risk of diarrhea. "Hand-washing campaigns reduce absenteeism in schools," says Bowen, "and that means parents miss fewer days of work, too." To see these effects, though, you have to wash your hands correctly. "You need to wash for about 24 seconds to remove the bacteria and viruses from your hands," says Aiello. "Most people don't wash their hands properly. You need to cover all parts of your hands, including under your nails -- and then dry your hands well." How long is 24 seconds? About as long as it takes to sing the "Happy Birthday" song two times through. So feel free to do that as you suds up. This article was originally published on upwave.com.
(CNN) -- Lawmakers in Moscow moved Friday to ban Americans from adopting Russian children, passing a bill that imposes a series of sanctions on U.S. interests, state media reported.|||Russia is one of the top countries of origin for international adoptions in the United States. The State Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, adopted the bill on its third reading, the state-run RAPSI news agency reported. The measure will now move to the Federation Council and, if approved there, will go to President Vladimir Putin to be signed into law, the news agency said. Read more: Russian lawmakers eye adoption ban to U.S. The legislation could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Russian children. It also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States, if such activities may affect Russian interests, the news agency said, and imposes sanctions against U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights. The move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation for a law that U.S. President Barack Obama signed December 14. That bill, called the Magnitsky Act, imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia. "The United States is concerned by measures in the bill passed in the Russian Duma today that, if it becomes law, would halt inter-country adoptions between the United States and Russia and would restrict the ability of Russian civil society organizations to work with American partners," U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said. The Magnitsky act is named in honor of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state. Magnitsky died in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center, apparently beaten to death. Russian leaders have criticized the bill, which also places sanctions on those involved in the tax fraud Magnitsky uncovered and those responsible for his detention, abuse, and death. The bill passed by the State Duma is named in turn after Dima Yakovlev, a 2-year-old boy who died while in the care of a U.S. adoptive family, RAPSI said. Its implementation would nullify a recent agreement between the United States and Russia in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in inter-country adoptions. "American families have welcomed more than 60,000 Russian children into American homes over the past 20 years," Ventrell said. "Just last month we implemented a bilateral adoptions agreement with Russia to improve safeguards for adopted children and their families. If Russian officials have concerns about the implementation of this agreement, we stand ready to work with them to improve it and remain committed to supporting inter-country adoptions between our two countries." Only China has more adoptions to the United States than Russia. Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive, citing 19 deaths of Russian children by their adoptive parents since the 1990s, according to local media. In 2010, an American woman caused outrage after she sent her adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight, saying the boy, then 7, had violent episodes that made the family fear for its safety. Amnesty International called on Russian lawmakers Thursday to reject their measure, which it said would "have a chilling effect on human rights defenders and civil society" and end adoptions to the United States. "There is a huge risk that the vaguely worded provisions in this bill will be used to clamp down on government critics and exposers of abuses. Indeed this would appear to be its real purpose," said John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International's Europe and Central Asia program director. "This bill is frankly a childish response to the Magnitsky Act," he said. "The Duma should be focusing its efforts on how it can strengthen Russian civil society and not weaken it." CNN's Laura Smith-Spark and Joseph Netto contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The true test of patience is peering for hours into a microscope waiting for a rotifer to open its mouth so you can snap a quick photo.|||That's exactly what Rogelio Moreno did to win this year's Nikon Small World competition, an annual event, now in its 40th year, which applauds the artistic merit and skill in microscopic images. For those who don't know, rotifers are tiny aquatic animals typically 200 to 500 micrometers long, that's less than half a millimeter, at best. They're found in fresh water and moist soil, where they linger in raindrops feeding on phytoplankton and algae filtered through the crown of cilia -- which is also called a corona -- around their mouths. "I have always wanted to capture an image where the rotifer show the complete corona in focus, so when I saw the heart-shaped corona I had a feeling it would be a very special picture," Moreno told CNN. Moreno started taking microscopic images in his spare time just five years ago. He's self-taught and, by day, works as a computer system programmer. Moreno has won a place every year since he started entering the competition three years ago. "To take this image, I used a flash to freeze the movement of the rotifer and differential interference contrast (DIC) to show the beautiful details and the blue background," he said. The photo was deemed the most striking and skillful of more than 1,200 entries from 79 countries. The top five images this year zoomed in on a calcite crystal, jumping spider eyes, a caterpillar proleg and cells of a bovine pulmonary artery -- proving that beauty can be found just about anywhere. READ MORE: 2013 winner on 'the limbo between art and science."
(CNN) -- The 2009 snooker world champion John Higgins has said his "conscience is clear" following allegations of match fixing.|||British newspaper The News of the World claimed the 34-year-old accepted a $398,000 bribe to throw frames in future matches during a meeting with undercover reporters in Kiev, Ukraine. However, in a statement read out on the BBC, the Scotsman denied ever intentionally losing a match or taking a bribe at any point in his career. "My conscience is 100 percent clear," said Higgins. "I have never been involved in any form of snooker match fixing ... I have never deliberately missed a shot, never mind intentionally lost a frame or a match." Snooker's governing body -- The World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA) -- announced through an official statement that Higgins had been suspended from future tournaments pending an investigation. The same statement confirmed his manager, Pat Mooney, resigned from his position on the board of the WPBSA after he was alleged to have been at the meeting with Higgins in Kiev. The three-time world champion claimed clearing his name will be the biggest challenge of his career and he will assist snooker authorities with the forthcoming investigation. "Today is the start of the biggest match of my life. I will co-operate fully with the snooker authorities. I have built my reputation on honesty and integrity." Higgins is one of the most successful snooker players in history and has won game's top prize on three occasions, taking last year's championship in addition to previous triumphs in 1998 and 2007. This is not the first time controversy of this kind has hit the sport. In 2006 Australian Quinten Hann was given an eight-year ban from the sport when he was found guilty of breaking rules relating to match-fixing. Match fixing in sport is frequently linked to illegal betting syndicates, where bribes are offered to influence the outcomes of sporting events. Simon Clare, a spokesperson for British-based bookmakers Coral, believes worldwide regulations on gambling would prevent illegal betting. "The sports betting market is absolutely immense, it's millions [of dollars] a week being bet. When there is those sums of money changing hands, if it's not a regulated betting market, if people aren't license holders, then there's more to gain for them" said Clare. With the British betting market heavily regulated, Clare believes there would be no benefit for companies like Coral in taking these risks. It is in coutries where gambling is illegal that Clare says the problem lies. "There's nothing to gain for a legal, licensed firm to be involved in corruption because it would be the end of a very lucrative business for them."
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Metallica's Lars Ulrich loves Black Sabbath and Deep Purple -- and so does his 10-year-old son.|||Actor Rodger Corser plays "Guitar Hero" at an April event in Australia. The game has revived interest in rock music. Ulrich may have played songs from those old rock bands around the house on his stereo, but he gives credit for his son's excitement to another source: video games. Myles Ulrich is a fan of games such as "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band," which have spawned a comeback for rock music. "It's a cool generational thing to share that with your kids," said Ulrich, the drummer for the multi-platinum quartet. "My [son's] favorite bands are ... the same bands that are my favorite bands -- the bands I grew up on." A few years ago, rock music was struggling on the charts. With hip-hop and teen pop ruling, rock was finding it hard to break through with new music -- or sell more of the old. But "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" have prompted kids born in the '90s to discover artists from the '70s and '80s such as Aerosmith, Twisted Sister and Pat Benatar. The games' amazing popularity -- last year, the two brought in more than $935 million in revenue, according to the NPD Group market research company -- has helped create success in other markets, according to observers.  Watch Ulrich and others praise the games on "American Morning" ». Geoff Mayfield, senior analyst and director of charts for Billboard magazine, said he sees a direct cause-and-effect for some of the artists who have licensed their songs to "Guitar Hero." "A few weeks ago, when the game featuring Aerosmith ['Guitar Hero: Aerosmith'] came out, there was more than a 40 percent increase in their catalog sales. I expect you'll see that again when Metallica gets the same kind of treatment in a few weeks," Mayfield said. iReport.com: Do you shred on "Guitar Hero?" Once wary of downloading, Metallica has changed its tune with its upcoming album. "When 'Death Magnetic' comes out in September, you can actually download the new album the same day it comes out, and play it on your 'Guitar Hero III,' " Ulrich said -- fully aware of the irony, given his band's past litigation with the Internet music file-sharing service Napster. Even in an uncertain economy, the video games also have increased interest in guitars, according to the nationwide Guitar Center chain. And bars holding "Guitar Hero" nights also have enjoyed a boost in business: Big Wangs sports tavern in Hollywood, California, reports a 25 percent to 35 percent increase in sales. The results have played out at such places as Roosevelt High School in Los Angeles, where most teens have grown up on a steady diet of hip-hop and R&B. Recently, heavy metal blared from the school's darkened auditorium as it sponsored a three-day "Guitar Hero Face-Off." Spotlights illuminated the competitors, and an audience full of enthusiasts screamed wildly at the end of each song. It was enough to make 16-year-old finalist George Gomez nervous. "You got fans cheering you on," he marveled shyly. For Mayfield, the marriage of music and video games makes perfect sense, especially for an ailing record industry that's been having trouble selling CDs. "This is a chance for something that's been a competition to actually be an ally, if you will," he said. Mayfield has never played "Guitar Hero" or "Rock Band," but he said he understands the irresistible appeal of kids and adults indulging in some harmless headbanging -- albeit with toy instruments. "If you've ever played air guitar, more than likely, you weren't doing it to a Michael Jackson song. You were doing it to an Aerosmith song," he said. CNN's Carolyn Sung contributed to this article.
London (CNN) -- Three one-time insiders at the defunct News of the World tabloid testified Monday before a British government-backed panel investigating press ethics and behavior.|||Former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck -- who has been arrested in connection with a police probe into phone hacking -- said he would not talk about illegal eavesdropping because of the arrest. He has not been charged. He appeared at the Leveson Inquiry after the paper's most famous undercover reporter, Mazher Mahmoud, known as the "fake sheikh" for the disguise he often adopted to get stories. He described doing stories on prostitution and drug dealing, but insisted repeatedly the tabloid "never engaged in entrapment." He defended his methodology, saying criminals had gone to prison because of his work. "Exposing criminality gives me great satisfaction," said Mahmoud, whose appearance was not televised in order to protect his identity. But he said he had never heard about phone hacking by the News of the World until royal reporter Clive Goodman was arrested for it in 2006. The inquiry was prompted by widespread public outrage this summer at the revelation that the Rupert Murdoch-owned tabloid had hacked into the voice mail of a murdered 13-year-old girl in 2002. Murdoch's son James, the chief executive of the News Corporation subsidiary that published the tabloid, has repeatedly denied knowing about the scale of illegal eavesdropping at his papers. James Murdoch ordered the paper shut down over the scandal. Former News of the World deputy editor Neil Wallis also testified Monday. Like Thurlbeck, he has been arrested and released on bail in a police investigation into phone hacking. He argued that Britain's downmarket tabloids were the "ones that people out there want to read," and far outsold so-called quality papers such as the Guardian and the Times. A former News of the World journalist testified last month that the editors of the tabloid knew that their reporters were hacking phones in search of stories. Paul McMullan named Andy Coulson, who went on to become an adviser to British Prime Minister David Cameron, and Rebekah Brooks, a Murdoch protege, as editors who were aware of the practice. Coulson resigned as editor of the tabloid in 2007 when Goodman went to prison for hacking the voice mails of Prince William's staff, and he later became Cameron's communications director. Coulson has always denied knowing about phone hacking, saying he quit the paper because he was ultimately responsible for the actions of his staff. The Leveson Inquiry has been hearing from high-profile figures since last month, including celebrities such as "Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling and actor Hugh Grant, both of whom complained about press intrusion into their lives. Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people, including celebrities, crime victims, politicians and members of the royal family, were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories. It involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely.
(CNN) -- Novak Djokovic swept past Spain's David Ferrer in straight sets to win the Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament Saturday and demonstrate he is in fine fettle for the start of the 2012 season.|||Djokovic ended the regular 2011 campaign nursing an injury and by losing to Ferrer at the end of season ATP World Tour Finals, but there was to be no repeat as the Serbian won 6-2 6-1. After victories over Gail Monfils and Roger Federer, it was ideal preparation for the World No.1 in the build-up to his defense of the Australian Open title next month. It also earned him the $250,000 check in the winner-takes-all six-man invitation event. Djokovic never looked back after sweeping into a 3-0 lead and was rarely troubled by his outclassed opponent. Earlier, Rafael Nadal beat old rival Roger Federer to claim third place with a 6-1 7-5 victory. But the Swiss maestro was unperturbed by his defeats ahead of the official season start next week. "It's about getting ready and feeling fine out there and enjoying a great atmosphere here and having the chance to play world class players," Federer told gathered reporters. "Trying a few things, see where you are at and see where the other guys are at." It was a welcome win for Nadal, who lost to Ferrer Friday, and has been troubled by a shoulder injury ahead of the first grand slam of the season.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (CNN) -- Police used pepper gas and water cannons to disperse crowds of demonstrators who took to the streets Tuesday to protest a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.|||A protester fires a catapult at police during demonstrations in Istanbul. Some protesters broke shop windows in and around Taksim Square before scurrying for cover as police armored cars hosed them with water. Taksim Square, in downtown Istanbul, is blocks from the site of the IMF meeting. Delegates are in the city to discuss ways to battle poverty and to strategize ways to prevent a repeat of last year's global economic crisis. Though Turkey is one of the world's 20 wealthiest economies, a huge income gap exists. The latest government statistics show that nearly one in five Turks lives below the poverty line, despite the country's economy enjoying steady growth for much of the past decade.  Watch CNN reporter overwhelmed by tear gas ». Over the past year, the economic crisis has pummeled Turkey's export-driven industries, pushing unemployment to record highs.  See images of protests ». The downturn has hit everyone from Istanbul's garbage pickers, who say there is less useful trash to scavenge, to Istanbul's cabbies, who complain that fewer customers can afford rides. iReport: Send your photos, videos. On Thursday, a protester threw a shoe at the IMF director, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, at the end of a question-and-answer session Thursday at a university in Istanbul. The shoe missed. Other demonstrators at Bilgi University unfurled a banner and chanted, "Go away, IMF. You're stealing money."
(Rolling Stone) -- Lenny Kravitz chose a life of rock and soul a long time ago and until recently was never tempted by the movies.|||"In the last 22 years, while I was making my music, I was offered a lot of films," Kravitz tells Rolling Stone. "I just didn't find the roles very interesting -- a lot of clichÃ©d type of stuff and really obvious things. I didn't want to make films because I can. There's no point in that." That changed in a big way with his first feature-film role in the 2009 drama "Precious," and now with a key role in next month's "The Hunger Games." Based on the hugely popular novel of the same name, the new film is set in post-apocalyptic North America, where teenage gladiators are chosen to battle to the death in annual televised games. Kravitz plays Cinna, stylist and confidant to the rebellious Katniss Everdeen (played by Jennifer Lawrence), the central figure in the book and movie. "I always figured it would come back into my life," Kravitz says of acting. "I was an actor when I was a kid. When I realized music was my thing, I just gave it up. I put blinders on, just focused on music. It's come back now and I really am enjoying it." Kravitz took the role after meeting with director Gary Ross ("Pleasantville") and reading the first book of the best-selling trilogy by Suzanne Collins. "I thought it was really good storytelling," Kravitz says. "I'm very much into stories. The character was interesting. I like Gary's previous work. And I said, Yeah, let's go." In "The Hunger Games," his character creates a series of striking outfits for the young warrior, which isn't exactly a stretch for the stylish rocker. "He's very streamlined, he's very quiet," Kravitz says of Cinna. "He knows what he's doing. He's confident. He's got a big heart. I just liked the way he moved -- very smooth." As a musician, Kravitz is used to being in total control of his work -- writing, performing and producing -- and that control reflects on him as an artist. "It's about me, as it should be," he says. "But in this case, it's got nothing to do with me. It's about a director's vision, a character, and I really like that." The film opens on March 23. Up next for Kravitz is "Negrophilia," the funk album he interrupted to record last year's "Black and White America." Music remains his central concern, but he now also considers himself a working actor. "I'm just waiting for the right roles to come in," he says. "Thank god I have a day job." See the full article at RollingStone.com. Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone.
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) -- At least 20 insurgents were killed Friday as Nigeria's military carried out an aerial bombardment of suspected militant Islamist camps in the country's northeast, a Defense Ministry spokesman said.|||The raid by Nigerian Air Force jets and attack helicopters is part of what the military says is a "massive deployment" of forces this week to tackle insurgent groups, including Boko Haram. 'Massive' numbers of Nigerian troops target insurgents. "Our military has overrun a number of the militants' camps in north and central Borno state," said defense spokesman Brig. Gen. Chris Olukolade. "Within those insurgents' camps, we discovered that they have been storing sophisticated, high-caliber weapons including anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons." Asked whether the military had inflicted any casualties on the insurgents, Olukolade said, "definitely so. Conservatively speaking, over 20 dead so far." Members of the armed forces have suffered only minor injuries, according to Olukolade. "The operation continues, we are injecting even more troops and resources into those areas," he added. The military operation was announced Wednesday, a day after President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in Borno, Yobe and Adamawa states. The president blamed "terrorists" aimed at "rebellion," causing "fear among our citizens and a near breakdown of law and order in parts of the country." He also noted a rise of insurgent violence in eight other states, including Nasarawa, where scores of police officers were killed last week. "Insurgents and terrorists," including Boko Haram, are trying to destabilize Nigeria, Jonathan said. "The military operation will focus on tracking down criminal elements within the vicinity of border communities prone to terrorist activities," Olukolade said Wednesday. He did not confirm the number of troops deployed or which units are involved in the military operation. Much violence over recent years has been blamed on Boko Haram, the name of which means "Western education is sacrilege." On Friday, a spokesman for the U.N. human rights commissioner told reporters that Boko Haram could face war crimes charges for alleged ethnic and religious cleansing in Nigeria. Addressing reporters in Geneva, Rupert Colville urged it and other extremist groups to stop "cowardly attacks" against civilians, security forces, Nigerian officials and foreign nationals. According to Human Rights Watch, the group has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria. The U.N. human rights office is calling on Nigeria's government to respect human rights principles during security sweeps, following reports of heavy casualties in some parts of the country. Nigeria is Africa's most populous country, with a population of nearly 175 million according to the CIA World Factbook, and is the political and economic powerhouse of West Africa. CNN's Laura Smith-Spark and Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- "It is so ordered."|||Four words, used by the Supreme Court of the United States, that set loose a cascade of public policy. Few phrases are as powerful and precise. On June 25, when Justice Anthony Kennedy closed the court's majority opinion regarding Arizona's anti-immigrant law, S.B. 1070, with these words, the court lifted a burden off the shoulders of local law enforcement as well as millions of immigrants across the country. Last Tuesday, the ripples reached Indiana: The state's Republican attorney general, Greg Zoeller, said portions of his state's Senate Bill 590 could not be defended. "The Supreme Court made clear that immigration enforcement is a federal government responsibility," Zoeller acknowledged. Elements of Indiana's law resemble those the Supreme Court struck down in Arizona's, including provisions giving local police unprecedented power to make warrantless arrests based on assumed immigration status. Zoeller saw the constitutional writing on the wall and freed his enforcement resources from an expensive court battle the state of Indiana was sure to lose. The court's ruling on S.B. 1070 made it clear that state laws authorizing local law enforcement to make warrantless arrests of people for immigration violations are unconstitutional. Opinion: Don't deport the 'tamale lady' The court struck down three parts of the law, including the murky section that authorized state officers to arrest people based on "probable cause" that they had committed an offense that could lead to deportation. The court allowed a fourth section, the troubling "papers please" provision, to go into effect, but it left the door wide open for further legal scrutiny. Lest you think otherwise, Zoeller is no shrinking violet when it comes to immigration enforcement and keeping our nation safe. He is an active member of the Alliance Partnership of the Conference of Western Attorneys General, in which attorneys general across the United States partner with their colleagues in Mexico to strengthen the legal systems of both countries and reduce crime. As Zoeller wrote in 2011, "Greater cooperation, trust and information sharing between law enforcers and judicial officers on both sides of the border creates a more peaceful backdrop against which the U.S. government can work to improve an immigration system that clearly needs fixing." Working collaboratively across state lines and international borders to fight human and drug trafficking, money laundering and consumer fraud is a far better use of law enforcement resources than arresting landscapers and nannies. Zoeller is not alone in thinking there is a better way to enforce immigration law. Last year, he joined a bipartisan group of business, law enforcement and religious leaders in signing the Indiana Compact, a set of principles to guide the state's immigration debate. The compact affirms that immigration enforcement should be handled at the federal level, not the state level. The signers of the Indiana Compact joined like-minded leaders in Utah and Iowa â€” neither of which is a liberal stronghold â€” who signed compacts of their own calling upon the administration and Congress to work together to create a common-sense immigration process. But Congress has failed to muster the will to craft legislation, and President Obama is reduced to making administrative changes to an antiquated system. Sadly, the Supreme Court's ruling on S.B. 1070 is all we have to work with when it comes to federal guidance on immigration. Opinion: Why 'illegal immigrant' is a slur. But the winds of the immigration debate are changing. From the Mountain West to the Southeast to the Midwest, people who wear badges, run businesses and carry Bibles are building a new consensus on immigrants and America. The consensus is that immigration policy is a human issue. Documented or undocumented, people have freedom that we protect. That is one of the ideals on which our nation is built. Leaders such as Zoeller are doing what they are constitutionally required to do: Enforce the law. Zoeller must and will protect the residents of Indiana, regardless of their federal immigration status. To do so, he will direct all his resources toward tracking down those who would perpetrate crime on these residents and bring them to justice rather than dedicate scarce resources toward enforcing federal immigration law. The Supreme Court has ordered that the federal government pre-empts states when it comes to immigration law. It is time the other branches of our federal government heeded that order and created a rational immigration process that allows law enforcement officials to do their job: keep us safe. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani.
(CNN) -- Bad weather is keeping Britain's Prince Harry and a team of UK veterans stranded in South Africa, their take-off point to Antarctica where they will race U.S. and Commonwealth teams on a trek to the South Pole.|||Swedish actor and "True Blood" star Alexander Skarsgard is an honorary member of the U.S. team, while Dominic West, perhaps best known for his role as McNulty in "The Wire," joins veterans wounded in combat from the Commonwealth nations of Canada and Australia. The seven-person teams also include a guide and mentor. They are trekking more than 200 miles (322 kilometers) across Antarctica, in temperatures as low as -35 degrees Celsius (-31 Fahrenheit), to raise money for the charity Walking With The Wounded. The three teams left London for Cape Town on Sunday, and had been due to fly to Antarctica's Novolazarevskaya (Novo) Station on Tuesday, but a polar storm has kept them grounded. "At the moment, they're just waiting," a Walking With The Wounded spokesperson told CNN. "They're managing to do a bit of training, hiking up Table Mountain and around Cape Town." The spokesperson said their actual departure date would not be confirmed until the weather had cleared. Once the teams arrive at Novo Station, they'll have three days of acclimatization before setting off on the trek, which is expected to take about 16 days. The teams will be pulling pulks -- or snow sleds -- containing all their food and equipment, which will weigh about 70 kilograms (154 pounds) at the start of the trip, Hunter-Dunn said. Harry is a patron of Walking With The Wounded, a cause close to the prince's heart. "They're going to achieve something quite remarkable and in doing so will prove to everybody else that even when you've lost a leg, you've lost an arm or whatever the illness may be, that you can achieve pretty much anything if you put your mind to it," he said at the official departure in London last week. Despite his royal upbringing, it's the prince's role as a solider that has already won him praise from his fellow teammates and rivals. "He's laid back, we're not scared to have him around, he's just another soldier along with the rest of us," says Sgt. Margaux Mange, from the U.S. team. An army helicopter pilot who has served multiple tours in Afghanistan, Harry has had plenty of training for the big race. Back in 2011, he spent time training for a Walking With The Wounded expedition to the North Pole, which saw him diving into the freezing waters of the Arctic. But he had to withdraw from that expedition early to attend the wedding of his brother. More recently, Harry traveled to Iceland for training and even spent 24 hours in an industrial freezer in preparation. But will it be enough? The winning team is expected to cross the finish line in time to have Christmas back home.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The international race among sailors, kite surfers and wind surfers to be the fastest wind-powered boat on the planet is rapidly gaining momentum as speeds reach all-time highs.|||Quick sailor: French trimaran l'Hydroptere is one of the boats battling for the outright world sailing speed record. The outright world sailing speed record -- which did not change hands for 11 years after 1993 -- has been bettered four times this year alone. The new holder of the record, Alexandre Caizergues, of France, claimed it with an average speed of 50.57 knots (almost 60 miles per hour) over 500 meters on his kite board off the coast of Namibia last month. Caizergues' attempt was eventually ratified by the World Sailing Speed Record Council (WSSRC) this month, when it was decided that kite boards would be eligible for the outright record. Meanwhile, another Frenchman, Alain Thebault, has also been closely challenging for the record on his vessel l'Hydroptere. Thebault's crew hold the 500m speed record in the boat class, and also have the overall speed record in the one nautical mile category. Then there is the Australian sailor hoping to spoil the party for the French . Paul Larsen, aboard British yacht Vestas SailRocket, has unofficially nabbed the fastest boat record from l'Hydroptere with an average speed of 47.4 knots. Larsen achieved the speed in 22 knot winds, and shortly before his unusual "boat" became airborne and flipped. Larsen's speed is just awaiting formal approval from the WSSRC. Thebault held the record with a speed of 46.88 knots. Even the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race has had a speed record of its own with current leader Ericsson 4 claiming the world record for the most distance sailed in a 24-hour period during the event's first leg. According to a spokesman from the WSSRC, interest in speed sailing is steadily building, and the close competition has been giving it a boost. "Certainly towards the end of the year it's been very hectic. I think what has happened is that a number of competitors have been at the top end and they have all been competing against each other at the same venues. The development of new technologies is one factor that has increased interest in trying to break these records. "The fact that kite boards have developed has helped ... but there is still a lot of people out there that want to achieve these records," the spokesman said. He said that a lot of syndicates had been involved in speed sailing for some time, and that many were only now starting to feel the benefits of their developmental work. "It does seem if you are going for a specially designed boat it takes a few years before you get the design right," he said. The spokesman said the WSSRC had received about 50 formal applications for speed attempts during 2008. He said the council's job was not to promote the attempts but simply to oversee them in a fair and independent manner and ratify successful efforts. The WSSRC had a number of commissioners based around the world, he said.
(CNN) -- Police have questioned a man in connection with a shooting in New Orleans' French Quarter over the weekend.|||Justin Odom was interviewed Wednesday by homicide detectives with his attorney present, New Orleans Police spokeswoman Officer Hilal Williams said. The 20-year-old was arrested and booked on unrelated traffic and shoplifting charges by Gretna police. According to a Thursday news release from the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office, he "completed his booking procedures and will be released due to jail overcrowding today." Police said they are still investigating the shooting and declined to release more information. Gretna is a town of nearly 18,000 people located just across the Mississippi River from New Orleans. Police had requested the public's assistance in locating Odom and are still looking for another person in the case. A 21-year-old woman has died of her wounds from the early Sunday morning shooting, NOPD Officer Garry Flot said Wednesday. "Our deepest thoughts and sympathies are with the family of Brittany Thomas," New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said. "This type of tragedy strikes at the heart of who we are as a people and as a city." The woman was among 10 people shot on Bourbon Street about 2:45 a.m. Sunday. Three people remain hospitalized, all in stable condition, NOPD public information officer Frank Robertson III said Wednesday. New Orleans Police Superintendent Ronal Serpas has said the shooting may have happened because of a heated exchange between two young men. The 700 block of Bourbon Street, where the shooting occurred, is a popular gathering place for tourists and revelers, where many of them pack bars and clubs between St. Peter and St. Ann streets. Crowds often spill into the streets. Landrieu has called for additional resources from the federal government and the state of Louisiana to combat violence in the city. He asked President Barack Obama to send a "targeted surge team" of federal law enforcement officers to help stem crime. He asked Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal to assign 100 state police officers to the city and rededicate a penny from the hotel/motel tax from the convention center to the city for public safety. "These kinds of incidents will not go unanswered," Landrieu said. "These perpetrators will be brought to justice." CNN's Tina Burnside contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Listen closely and you'll hear squeals of disgust from a watchdog group tracking congressional pork in the nation's capital.|||Research on swine odor is one of the projects listed in the "Pig Book," released Tuesday. Citizens Against Government Waste is out with its annual "Pig Book" -- a list of lawmakers whom the group considers the most egregious porkers, members of the House and Senate who use the earmarking process to funnel money to projects on their home turf. Fittingly perhaps, the list includes nearly $1.8 million for swine odor and manure management research in Iowa. "In fiscal year 2009, Congress stuffed 10,160 projects into the 12 appropriations bills worth $19.6 billion," the group said in a report released Tuesday. The amount marks a 14 percent increase over 2008. The "Pig Book" also names dozens of what it considers the most blatant examples of pork-barrel spending.  See a list of those projects »  "Taxpayers are ready to revolt," said Tom Schatz, the organization's president. "Despite repeated claims by members of Congress that earmarks have been reduced, the Pig Book belies that claim." Included in the funding is $3.8 million for the Old Tiger Stadium Conservancy -- a group dedicated to finding a new use for the stadium that the Detroit Tigers baseball team played in from 1896 through 1999. An additional $1.9 million went to the Pleasure Beach water taxi service project in Bridgeport, Connecticut, requested by then-Rep. Chris Shays. A bridge fire more than a decade ago means beach-goers have to travel a couple of extra miles to get to the beach. Alaska led the nation in pork per capita, at $322 a person. At the bottom of the list was Arizona, with less than $12 per resident. Sen. John McCain does not request earmarks for his home state.  See where each state ranks ». Mississippi Sen. Thad Cochran, the ranking Republican on the Senate Appropriations Committee, topped the list of senators receiving earmarks, with a total of $653 million. The chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, was second, with $445 million. Hawaii Reps. Neil Abercrombie and Mazie Hirono, both Democrats, topped the list for earmarks in the House of Representatives. Abercrombie's pet projects received a total of almost $257 million; Hirono's received almost $153 million. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, was granted the organization's so-called "Porkasaurus" award for earmarking $143,000 for the Las Vegas Natural History Museum. "Sen. Reid is fond of saying that earmarks have been around since we were a country. Now he must be blaming it on the dinosaurs," Schatz said. Some recipients of the earmarks disagreed with the characterization of their projects as "pork." Kathleen Wendler, a member of the Old Tiger Stadium Conservancy's board of directors, argued that the $3.8 million dedicated to the old ballpark was critical to revitalizing the surrounding Detroit neighborhood. The money "is not pork at all," she said. The ballpark, if properly utilized, can be an "economic development generator for the local business district. This project will help draw younger people into the neighborhood. It will help save the neighborhood in the long run." To qualify for the "Pig Book," a project must meet at least one of these standards: It was requested by only one chamber of Congress; was not specifically authorized; was not competitively awarded; was not requested by the president; greatly exceeded the president's budget request or the previous year's funding; was not the subject of congressional hearings; or served only a local or special interest. -- CNN's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Marine based in North Carolina died during a gun battle with police in Texas after authorities said he killed one person and wounded five others in a shooting spree.|||The Texas Department of Public Safety said the suspect, Esteban J. Smith, 23, was stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. He was killed early Sunday when he exchanged gunfire with a state trooper and a game warden, police said. Smith's death ended a shooting spree that had covered more than 80 miles and lasted more than two hours. Authorities say Smith killed Alicia Torres, 41, in the town of Eola in Concho County. She was found dead in her car about 6 a.m. He also shot one person in Eden at 4:30 a.m., two people in Brady, then went back to Eden where he wounded one other victim. Smith shot a sheriff's deputy who came upon the suspect on the highway just north of Eden, police said. State troopers and the game warden arrived on scene a short time later. Two victims, including the deputy, Richard Doane, remain hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries. Three other people were treated at a hospital and released. Authorities found an assault rifle, a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition in Smith's pickup.
Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Libyan troops are surrounding the city of Bani Walid, awaiting orders to enter what had been a stronghold for late dictator Moammar Gadhafi as those inside appeal to the international community for help.|||Massoud al-Waer, a local official, told CNN late Friday that Bani Walid was under siege with no food or fuel able to get in, nor even fresh oxygen for its main hospital. The standoff -- and possible military offensive -- stems from the death of a Libyan revolutionary fighter from Misrata credited with capturing Gadhafi last year. Omran Shaaban and two other fighters were kidnapped near Bani Walid in July. He was released two months later, at which point he was in bad shape physically. After being transferred to a hospital France, Shaaban died September 24 of the aftereffects of gunshot wounds. One day after his death, the country's General National Congress authorized the Libyan ministries of defense and interior to use force, if necessary, to arrest those responsible for allegedly kidnapping and torturing Shaaban. The national assembly also called for the release of the others being detained in Bani Walid, giving those in the city 10 days to comply -- or else the North African nation's military would take action. The deadline for that ultimatum was Friday. And over the past week, Libyan army troops and militia members from different parts of the nation -- including Misrata -- mobilized and surrounded Bani Walid. Bani Walid and Misrata have a longstanding rivalry. The chief of staff for Libya's army issued a statement Thursday calling on the people of Bani Walid to cooperate by handing over the wanted individuals to avoid a military assault. Yet many in Bani Walid remained defiant Friday, turning out in large numbers to protest the national government's demands and call for the release of those from the city being held about 130 kilometers (80 miles) to the northeast in Misrata, according to al-Waer. "They treat us as if Bani Walid is not part of Libya," the city official said. Hundreds of Bani Walid residents have been arrested by armed militias, according to the human rights advocacy group Amnesty International. Many continue to be detained without being charged, or put in trial, across Libya, and have been tortured or otherwise ill-treated, Amnesty said. Meanwhile, talks are ongoing to resolve the issue in Bani Walid, without the use of force, al-Waer added. But he said that many residents are "anticipating a military offensive, but will not leave the city and are ready to die in Bani Walid." Bani Walid was a holdout of pro-Gadhafi loyalists until the very end of the fighting late last year. And tensions between residents and fighters aligned with what was the National Transitional Council -- and later the fledgling Libyan government -- continued to simmer after the city's fall. A petition was being circulated Friday around the inland city, which is about 170 kilometers southeast of the capital, Tripoli, asked the U.N. Security Council to convene an emergency meeting and act "to immediately intervene to protect the civilians in the town." The petitioners claimed that pro-government "armed militias" were trying to indiscriminately kill large numbers of people in Bani Walid, because of the city's history in support of Gadhafi. They report "bombing on civil neighborhoods" on October 1 "with no regards to the lives of unarmed civilians." "The Libyan government claims that it is trying to arrest some criminals in the town. But the question is: Could those criminals be arrested with mortars, missiles and a ban on daily necessary requirements?" Amnesty joined those calling for restraint Friday night. It issued a statement urging "Libyan authorities to avoid unnecessary and excessive use of force in the city and to ensure essential medical supplies are allowed into the city."
(CNN) -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is doing well as she recovers from surgery, officials said Tuesday.|||"The operation has been satisfactory; it has turned out very well. The president is in her room and is in very good spirits," presidential spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said in a statement. Doctors said there were no complications in the surgery to remove a blood clot from the surface of Fernandez's brain. Fernandez, 60, remained hospitalized in Buenos Aires and was "progressing well," doctors said. Over the weekend, doctors diagnosed Fernandez with a subdural hematoma and said she needed to take a month off of work. A subdural hematoma is a blood clot on the brain's surface beneath its outer covering, called the dura. Often, in people over 60, a brain trauma can cause the blood vessels in the brain to tear and blood to clot. According to Argentina's constitution, the vice president assumes the presidency temporarily in the president's absence. In a televised speech Monday, Vice President Amado Boudou said the situation was similar to the time when Fernandez temporarily handed presidential powers over to him when she underwent surgery in January 2012 to remove her thyroid. "This phase of 30 days is exactly the same," he said. "There is no question or uncertainty, no strange question. She is taking her rest, a rest that she needs, and also that she deserves. ... And the key is to keep governing. And that is what she has asked of us. And that is what you will find the whole team of the president doing, governing." CNN's Nelson Quinones and Holly Yan contributed to this report.
SPRINGFIELD, Virginia (CNN) -- Georgia Keightley strolled through the religion section at Barnes and Noble in Springfield, Virginia, on Monday searching for a last-minute Christmas gift.|||The Green Bible looks at the text through the lens of the environment. "I'm looking for a book on [the Apostle] Paul for my husband," she said clutching a 15 percent off coupon and lamenting the limited selection. She would have had better luck if she had been looking for a new take on the Bible -- on the next rack in front of her were three shelves filled with Bibles of various shapes and designs. Keightley said she and her husband already have five copies of the Bible in their home. Consistently the best-selling book on the planet, publishers are constantly repackaging it to lure new audiences. Harper One in October released the Green Bible, looking at the Bible through the lens of the environment. In an effort to keep it true to its eco-conscious motif, it was printed in the United States on recycled paper with soy ink, and has a sustainable linen cover. "It is still printed on paper though," conceded publisher Mark Tauber, who said a digital format would be greenest. Tauber said publishers were hoping to capitalize on the growing trend in Christian circles of eco-theology and creation care. The Green Bible is filled with essays from across the theological spectrum as a companion to the text. Former Archbishop Desmond Tutu wrote the forward while Brian McLaren, a popular progressive author and pastor, and N.T. Wright, the staunch conservative theologian, contributed essays. Anytime the text mentions something about the environment, the letters are printed in green, similar to how some Bibles print the words of Jesus in red. In the United States, where religion and politics have danced and intertwined into a sometimes unrecognizable amalgam, environmentalism has been viewed by many politically conservative evangelicals as a "liberal issue." Matthew Sleeth is the author of "Serve God, Save the Planet" and for years he has been trying to convince churches that environmentalism and creation care are theologically sound. Their attitude, he said, has changed rapidly in the past few years. "Recently I went to Grace Fellowship, the largest church in Baltimore, [Maryland,] and the pastor introduced me and said, 'I used to be against this, but examined my heart and the Bible and came to the conclusion I was wrong.'" Another Bible out in time for the holiday season is The Illuminated Bible. The glossy oversized magazine format could easily mingle on coffee tables with Italian Vogue and GQ. It takes the text of the New Testament from the Good News translation and mixes it with editorial photos. Pages following a verse from Mark's gospel referring to John the Baptist -- "God said I will send my messenger ahead of you to open the way for you" -- are adorned with pictures of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., Angelina Jolie, Mother Teresa and Che Guevara to hammer home the point to a modern day audience. "The text is our heritage even if you're not a believer. We are stuck with it. Let's know more about it," said Dag Soderber, the Swedish advertising executive who is behind the project. Soderber said his motives were philanthropic. Though not a practicing Christian, he said the more people who read the Bible, the more who will see what it is all about -- and that will generate more religious tolerance. Soderberg's first goal was to make the packaging like a glossy fashion magazine so it would be more accessible to a modern audience, making it, "something you can find in a hair salon, something you can find anywhere," he said. The Illuminated Bible debuted last year in Stockholm, Sweden. When bookstores wouldn't carry it, Soderberg brought it to friends who owned fashion boutiques and design stores and said it flew off their shelves. There have been a few tweaks to the English language version. "There were some pictures that were sexy here [in Sweden] that we took out because I don't want to make it more offensive than I have to." Soderberg hopes to have an Old Testament version in stores in time for Easter. So how do such repackaged Bibles sell among the other versions filling stores' shelves?  A manger at Borders Bookstore in Springfield, Virginia, said the Green Bible is selling briskly. Georgia Keightley thinks that's a good thing. "Anything that gets people to read the Bible is a good thing." Mark Tauber from Harper One said, "I've seen a statistic that the average American home has four to nine Bibles in their homes. There's always room for more Bibles. The industry has shown us that."
(CNN)  -- Manuel Neuer captained Schalke 04 to the German Cup with a 5-0 rout of second-flight Duisberg while earlier Saturday Celtic salvaged their season with a 3-0 win over Motherwell to claim the Scottish equivalent.|||Goalkeeper Neuer, linked with a move to Bavarian giants Bayern Munich and also English champions Manchester United, may have been playing in last game for Schalke, but had little to do in the Berlin Olympic stadium. Dutch international striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scored either side of halftime after midfielder Julian Draxler put Schalke in front with a spectacular volley after being set up by Peru star Jefferson Farfan. Goals from Jose Jurado and defender Benedikt Hoewedes completed the rout for Schalke, who were beaten by Manchester United in the semifinals of the Champions League. Schalke's league form was poor as fellow Ruhr Valley side Borussia Dortmund took the title, but the Royal Blues have made partial amends in cup competitions. Celtic had been pipped for the Scottish title by arch-rivals Rangers but were too good for Motherwell at Hampden to give manager Neil Lennon his first piece of silverware since taking over. It extended their own record tally of 35 Scottish Cups, but was their first since 2007. South Korean international Ki Sung-Yeung put Celtic ahead on the half hour mark with a stunning shot from outside the area. Gavin Gunning hit the bar for Motherwell, who were finally undone by Stephen Craigan's cruel 76th minute own-goal. Charlie Mulgrew crashed home a free kick to seal Celtic's emphatic victory. It rounded off a bitter sweet season for Lennon, who has been the subject of death threats, parcel bombs and was attacked by a fan in Celtic's recent league game against Hearts. There had been doubts about his future at Celtic, but he told Sky Sports he would be discussing his future with their board next week. "This is the first trophy, I'm so proud of them today. "(But) I want the big one (the SPL title) on the CV, the sooner the better," he told Sky Sports. In France, Lille also got their hands on silverware as a 2-2 draw with Paris Saint Germain on Saturday night saw them clinch their first league championship title since 1954.
(CNN) -- Three people were killed and two police officers were injured in a gun fight in Brooklyn Monday evening -- the latest bloodshed in a violent holiday weekend in New York City that saw at least 48 people shot.|||An exchange of gunfire between two men broke out in Brooklyn's Crown Heights neighborhood around 9 p.m. Monday, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference. Officers patrolling the nearby West Indian Parade and Carnival, the site of an earlier shooting Monday, responded to the scene. "The officers were fired upon and returned fire," Bloomberg said. Police identified the gunmen, who both died in the shooting, as Eusi Randy Johnson, 29, and Leroy Webster, 32. Johnson died after Webster shot him in the neck, while Webster was killed by police, Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said. The dispute started as a fistfight in a hallway, then spilled into the street as it escalated, Bloomberg said.  It was not clear what the disagreement was over, the mayor said. A bullet Webster fired "struck an innocent 56-year-old woman sitting on her stoop two doors down," Bloomberg said. The woman's name was Denise Gay and her daughter was at her side when she died, the mayor said. After rushing to the scene, officer Omar Medina "was hit by bullet fragments in his left arm and chest," Bloomberg said. He was taken to a nearby hospital and was in stable condition, police said. A second officer, Avichaim Dicken, received a graze wound on his elbow. Webster had a lengthy criminal record that included arrests for assault, drugs and guns, Kelly said. The gun battle comes during a holiday weekend marred by shootings, with 33 people shot on Sunday alone.
(CNN)So now we know. The Germanwings aircraft that crashed earlier this week was deliberately brought down by a co-pilot who had managed to lock himself in the cockpit as he set the plane on a course for destruction, according to officials.|||We all wish it weren't so, and the investigation, instead of looking at possible deficiencies of the plane, will now look to the co-pilot, who -- by all accounts -- showed no signs that this would be his horrific legacy. The irony would be rich, if it weren't so tragic.  The locked door, the very mechanism put into place to protect the cockpit from unruly or dangerous passengers -- made more secure in response to the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks -- was used against a pilot who, for reasons still unknown, left the cockpit. It may be too early to draw conclusive lessons from what has happened, but as this unfolds and before we begin constructing a narrative about the pilot that may be filled with rumors, innuendo and half-truths, there are structural issues to address immediately. First, we have seen that there is a real risk of pilots bringing down planes. We have built no back-up plans into the secure cockpit programs.  It might be necessary to devise secure and classified entry access passwords or electronic keys that are available only to both pilots or a pilot and the lead flight attendant.  No system of security should rely on a single point of entry and while the post-9/11 security planning made sense then, it may have outlived the threat now. Second, regardless of pilots' backgrounds and ideologies, airlines as sophisticated as Lufthansa may need to implement more than voluntary stress-relief assessments. The zeitgeist of pilots is very similar to the military: tough, strong, with psychological challenges viewed as "sissy."  Perhaps airlines will need to guarantee that pilots who seek counseling will not be unjustly punished.  And instead of sitting back and waiting for someone to approach counselors, regular and consistent check-ins might be necessary. Finally, the "t" word. Before the news today, the Obama administration quickly rejected a notion that this was terrorism.  And that may still be accurate. But as someone who has been a part of counterterrorism efforts, I am impressed with the French prosecutor's honesty in a search for the right words. This is obviously terrorism in the general sense to elicit fear in a general population, but whether it was done for some political or ideological reason (in the absence of any group taking credit, it does not fit the model of most major airline terror attacks) we still do not know.  And it isn't as if there is a national response that we can expect from Germany, such as going to war.  Still, it clearly isn't just suicide. This is different. If there is some nefarious ideological motivation, this may be one of a few incidents where a "loner" is able to create massive, simultaneous deaths.  Most lone wolf terror is almost always of low consequence.  It may be that we are in an era when we don't have the right words to describe the threats we face from loners with the capacity for mass casualties. As Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr said, "If a person kills himself and also 149 other people, another word should be used -- not suicide." And that honest assessment is what we heard today.
(CNN)A Montana pipeline burst sent as much as 50,400 gallons of oil gushing into the Yellowstone River, prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency.|||Residents in nearby cities were told not to drink the tap water, which some said smelled like diesel. The massive oil spill happened when the 12-inch pipeline, which crosses the Yellowstone River, ruptured Saturday about 5 miles upstream from Glendive, Montana's Department of Environmental Quality said. The Bridger Pipeline company shut down the pipeline. Glendive City Council member Gerald Reichert was among the residents who noticed a disturbing odor in the drinking water. "Suddenly at our house there was a definite smell. It was a diesel smell," Reichert told the Grand Forks Herald. Montana Gov. Steve Bullock announced a state of emergency for  Dawson and Richland counties. And while officials wait for results from water sample testing, they're advising residents to use bottled water for drinking and cooking. A host of agencies have responded to the oil spill, including the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Health and Human Services. Adding to the problems, the weather: the Yellowstone River is partially frozen, making it difficult to clean up the mess. This isn't the first major oil spill into the Yellowstone River -- the longest undammed river in the United States. In 2011, up to 42,000 gallons poured out of a ruptured Exxon Mobil pipeline. CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The United Arab Emirates on Saturday expressed concern about a German court's decision to release an alleged Israeli agent being investigated in connection with a Hamas leader's murder in Dubai.|||The suspected agent, who often uses the alias Uri Brodsky, is under investigation for helping obtain a false German passport allegedly used by one of the killers in January. The UAE's foreign ministry said it's worried about Brodsky's release on bail and his freedom to return to Israel during the probe, the state-run WAM reported. Brodsky still faces a possible trial in Germany. "The UAE seeks assurances that Brodsky is in no way connected with the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January of this year," ministry official Abdurahim Al Awadhi said in a statement. "As this may relate to a serious crime committed in Dubai, the UAE expects full and close cooperation from the German authorities and will continue to pursue the matter through diplomatic channels," the statement said. Dubai is one of seven emirates within the United Arab Emirates. Rainer Wolf, a spokesman for the state prosecutor's office in Cologne, Germany, told CNN that the judge decided that keeping Brodsky in custody was excessive considering the severity of the charges and released him on bail. Brodsky was arrested in Poland two months ago on a European warrant as part of an investigation into the killing. That warrant accused him on two counts: espionage and forgery. Poland granted Germany's request for extradition but on the condition that it would only be for the forgery charge. Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, a founding member of the Palestinian group Hamas' military wing, was found dead in January in his hotel room in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Police believe he was killed the night before and suspect the Mossad, Israel's foreign intelligence unit, was behind the assassination. Several countries including Ireland, the United Kingdom and Australia have kicked out Israeli diplomats after concluding Israel had probably forged their countries' passports as part of the operation. Dubai police have identified 33 suspects in al-Mabhouh's killing. Most of the suspects are believed to have acquired faulty passports to go to Dubai and then fled to other far-flung locations, police said. Israel has maintained there is no proof linking it to the doctored passports or the killing of al-Mabhouh. Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman told Israel Army Radio in March that there is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there.
(CNN)  -- The attorney for a man whose wife's wrong-way accident killed eight people on New York's Taconic Parkway in July says he will ask authorities to exhume her body to prove she wasn't drinking at the time of the accident.|||On CNN's "Larry King Live" Tuesday night, Daniel Schuler said his wife, Diane, was not an alcoholic. Dominic Barbera, attorney for Daniel Schuler, told CNN's "Larry King Live" he believes Diane Schuler may have suffered stroke-like symptoms and that a fire after the accident could have turned blood sugar into alcohol. "I read from the medical autopsy report that there was charring of the body because there was a fire," Barbera said. "And I found -- my doctors found numerous cases where you can actually have sugar in the blood turn into alcohol." Barbera said Schuler may have had a Transient Ischemic Attack, which produces stroke-like symptoms but no lasting damage.  Watch why husband believes wife wasn't drunk ». The Westchester County medical examiner's office found that Schuler, 36, had a blood alcohol level of .19 percent -- more than twice the legal limit -- and had marijuana in her system when she drove a minivan the wrong way on the parkway and ran head-on into an SUV. Three adults in the SUV were killed in the July 26 crash, as were Schuler and four children she was carrying in the minivan -- her daughter and three nieces. A fifth child, Schuler's son, survived. A spokeswoman for the medical examiner's office, Donna Green, said that the office stands "by the findings of the medical examiner's report." But Daniel Schuler said he believed the report was wrong. "I know the truth, what happened, with my wife," he said. "She is not an alcoholic and doesn't drink. She is an outstanding mother." Barbera and Schuler said they wanted to have the body exhumed for further examinations to prove that the accident was not caused by a drunken driver. Attorneys for the family of Daniel Luongo, 73, one of the victims in the SUV, rejected the Schuler family's contention. "The scientific evidence indicates that Diane Schuler was intoxicated and under the influence of marijuana at the time of the crash," they said in a statement. "Any claims denying her responsibility for this tragedy are wholly unsubstantiated, and the Luongo family finds these claims appalling, offensive and hurtful. They have lost a loved one to a senseless tragedy, and these claims do nothing but add insult to injury."
(CNN) -- Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt has told CNN he can set a new 100 meter world record at the London 2012 Olympic Games -- and could run as fast as 9.4 seconds.|||Bolt took the 100m gold medal at Beijing 2008 in a world-record time of 9.69s, before bettering that mark one year later with a stunning 9.58 at the World Championships in Berlin. The 25-year-old, who is also the record-holding world and Olympic champion over 200m, is confident he can become the first man to smash the 9.4 barrier in the British capital in August. "After my trials leading up to the Olympics, then it depends on where my fitness is," he said. "If everything goes well, I can determine, how fast I think I can go. "Everybody has been talking about this 9.4 all season. If it's possible, I'll be the one to run 9.4 seconds." Bolt was talking to CNN Olympic contributor Linford Christie, a 100m gold medalist at the Barcelona Games in 1992, after recording 9.76 in Rome on Thursday -- the fastest time this year. Bolt named IAAF male athlete of the year after world championships double. The Kingston native's electric performances and exuberant personality have made him a global celebrity, with his "lightning bolt" pose now recognized all over the world. "I think it was God sent," said Bolt when asked about the iconic stance. "But it was slightly originated from an archery pose. "I just copied it and made it my own and it worked. It's catchy and I'm like the Michael Jordan of track and field really!" Bolt's charisma on the starting blocks sets him apart from previous generations of sprinters, who would take a far more serious approach to race preparations. He revealed how an encounter with U.S. sprinter Justin Gatlin, who served a four-year doping ban between 2006 and 2010, influenced his approach to racing. "For me it never happened until Justin Gatlin," he said. "I ran once with him in Zagreb, he did something which was really funny to me. "We were walking back and forward and he actually spat across my lane. And when he did it, I knew he was trying to intimidate me and I found it really funny. "Today it doesn't really bother me. I just go there, enjoy myself and relax. It's just one of those things where over the years the game has changed." Bolt suffered a setback at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, when a false start in the 100m final allowed his compatriot Yohan Blake to claim the gold medal. Human to Hero: Champion Blake bids to steal Bolt's sprint swag. In London, Bolt will once again face competition from Blake as well as longtime rival Tyson Gay of the United States -- the 100m world champion in 2007. Can Bolt be beaten? Gay's golden Olympic goal. Despite fierce competition, Bolt insists he will be focused on his own race if he reaches the London 2012 final on August 5. "I can't really say who's going to be my main rival but for me the main thing is the seven guys in the lanes beside me," he said. "You never know what can happen on the day so I'm really focused and I'm not really worried about one thing or one person." Christie believes Bolt can be challenged at the forthcoming Games, but his rivals with have to be confident if they are to capture his crown. Gold medal formula: Mind over matter? "There's always a challenge," the Briton told CNN. "It's whether they believe enough to challenge him. Does a challenge mean beating him? That's tough." When asked about the biggest threats to Bolt's dominance, Christie highlighted the American duo of Gay and Gatlin as the men most likely to mount a serious challenge. "We don't know what Justin Gatlin is capable of, Tyson Gay hasn't competed yet. We also need to wait until after the Jamaican trials." Christie said the impact Bolt has had on athletics is similar to that of American legend Michael Johnson, a world and Olympic champion over 200m and 400m, while also comparing him to other sporting icons. "Not meaning it in a horrible way, but he's one of the freaks in our sport. Michael Johnson came along and everybody thought 'wow.' "Muhammad Ali was a freak in his sport, now we've got Bolt. Every so many years, someone like that comes along. Pele, Maradona, it's one of those things."
(CNN) -- A 59-year-old Michigan woman has been charged in connection with the death and dismemberment of the woman's 32-year-old son, a sheriff said Monday.|||Donna Scrivo was arraigned in St. Clair Shores, Michigan, on charges of disinterment and mutilation of a body, St. Clair County Sheriff Tim Donnellon said at a news conference. Body parts identified as those of Ramsay Scrivo, the suspect's son, were found in garbage bags dumped along Michigan roads, according to law enforcement officials. Officials at the press conference said they expect more charges to follow. An autopsy is not complete and a cause of death has not yet been determined, Detective Sergeant Jay Cohoe said at the news conference. According to court documents, Donna Scrivo filed a petition seeking hospitalization for mental illness of her son in May and was granted guardianship. The petition was filed shortly after Ramsay Scrivo's father's death, Cohoe said. "From what I understand, it (the father's death) did have a negative impact on the family," Cohoe said. Officials stated that there was no history of assault allegations between Donna Scrivo and her son but police had been to the home on disorderly complaints. The body parts were found Thursday and Friday at five different locations in St. Clair County, a few miles from the Canadian border. A witness told police she saw a middle-aged woman in a light-colored SUV dumping what she initially thought was garbage in the area. Security camera footage from the area confirmed the witness' account. "A suspect vehicle was identified and images broadcast of a person of interest," the St. Clair Shores police and the St. Clair County Sheriff's Office said in a joint news release Saturday. Ramsay Scrivo had been missing since January 26. His remains were identified through fingerprints. "He would sit outside, very friendly," a neighbor told CNN affiliate WDIV. "Well-respected, everyone talked to him. He would say hi to everybody." Donna Scrivo was being held with bail set at $100,000, and with a preliminary hearing set for February 14, according to officials at the news conference. She had not obtained an attorney as of Monday afternoon, officials said. CNN's Joe Sutton and Rick Martin contributed to this report.
An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare warned of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.|||Related: Administration warned about site a month before launch. "Due to system readiness issues, the SCA (security control assessment) was only partly completed," said the internal memo from the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. "This constitutes a risk that must be accepted and mitigated to support the Marketplace Day 1 operations." The memo, which was provided in response to a request from the House Oversight Committee, goes on to explain that CMS would create a "dedicated security team" to monitor the risk, conduct weekly scans and within 60 to 90 days after the website went live, "conduct a full-scale SCA test." Read the memo. The memo did not detail the security concerns. It was written by IT officials at CMS, and was sent to and signed by the agency's director, Marilyn Tavenner, who testified on Capitol Hill on Tuesday that she thought the website was ready to go when it began its crash-riddled rollout on October 1. "We had tested the website and we were comfortable with its performance," Tavenner told lawmakers, although she added the caveat, "we knew all along there would be, as with any new website, some individual glitches we would have to work out." Republican lawmakers referred to the document Wednesday as they raised concerns at a House Energy and Commerce Committee grilling of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, Tavenner's boss. Sebelius also testified that she thought the website, which has been prone to crashing, was ready to be rolled out on October 1. She compared the early rollout to a sort of early beta test and said the system was secure because data is stored in the same systems used by the Internal Revenue Service and Department of Homeland Security. Contractors blame government for Obamacare website woes. But lawmakers said the system should have been more thoroughly vetted, since it asks purchasers of health insurance to provide personal information. "You accepted a risk on behalf of every person that used this computer that put their personal and financial information at risk because you did not even have the most basic 'end-to-end' test on security of this system," Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Michigan, told Sebelius. "Amazon would never do this. ProFlowers would never do this. Kayak would never do this," he said. CNNMoney had earlier in the week profiled an Arizona software tester who said the system was vulnerable and could be hacked. He was able to reset users' passwords without much difficulty. But the Department of Health and Human Services told CNN that particular issue had been addressed.
(CNN) -- At least three people died and seven others were rescued Thursday after their boat capsized off the coast of southeastern Florida, the U.S. Coast Guard said.|||And that toll -- of the dead and rescued -- may rise: The Coast Guard believes that two more people may still be trapped or in the Atlantic Ocean, spurring an intense search for them. A Dutch naval vessel, the Zeeland, heading toward Key West, Florida, first alerted the U.S. Coast Guard at noon about the ship. Specifically, the Coast Guard said, the Dutch sailors reported seeing "a capsized 24-foot center console vessel with seven suspected migrants atop the hull." The Dutch sailors rescued those individuals and retrieved three bodies "from within the hull," according to the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard has since sent the Cutter Richard Etheridge, a 154-foot ship based in Miami, to search for the two missing people. In addition, a C-130 airplane out of Clearwater, Florida, has been dispatched to the scene. Upon arrival, they took over the operation from the Dutch navy and will transport those rescued to the Florida mainland, Coast Guard Petty Officer Sabrina Laberdesque told CNN. CNN first learned of the incident via that agency's Twitter account. The Zeeland left the Netherlands 12 days ago en route to the southern tip of Florida, said Lt. Maartje Van Der Maas, a spokeswoman for the Royal Netherlands Navy in the Caribbean. The Dutch sailors will pick up a Coast Guard helicopter in Key West to use over the next four months in drug interdiction operations in the Caribbean. After handing over the rescued people Thursday, the Zeeland continued onto Key West, according to Van Der Maas.
(CNN) -- Let the extravagant wedding planning begin.|||Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are now engaged, according to E! News, the network that airs Kardashian's reality show. West popped the question Monday, Kardashian's 33rd birthday. Kardashian's old engagement ring reportedly fetches $749,000. The reality star and new mom confirmed the news on her Instagram account Tuesday, offering fans a close-up view of her sparkler in a photo captioned, "YES!!!" Naturally, the "Yeezus" rapper couldn't propose just anywhere -- he rented out the stadium where the San Francisco Giants play. The couple's friends and family were on hand for the event, which was topped off by fireworks and a 50-piece orchestra, E! said. Kardashian got a 15-carat Lorraine Schwartz ring. Kardashian matriarch and self-proclaimed "momager" Kris Jenner gushed about the engagement. "A match made in heaven!" she told the network. "I am so happy for both of my kids, Kim and Kanye." The couple are the parents of 4-month-old North West, who was born just days after Kardashian's divorce from NBA player Kris Humphries was finalized. That marriage lasted 72 days.
Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- When I was a little boy, my dad and I would sit on the floor next to his old reel-to-reel tape deck, taking turns talking into it and playing our voices back -- the same reel-to-reel he unwittingly used to gain his 15 minutes of fame.|||It was October 3, 1951, when Larry Goldberg, a 26-year-old travel agent living with his parents in Brooklyn, set up the deck next to a radio before setting off to work in Manhattan. He asked his mom to record the 9th inning of the third game of the Brooklyn Dodgers-New York Giants playoffs. What he and my grandmother captured turned out to be the only known recording at the time of Russ Hodges' famous call of Bobby Thomson's game-winning home run, "The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant!" SI.com: Thomson tops list of 10 most memorable home runs. My dad's reward was a tape cartridge, $100 and access to box seats at the Polo Grounds the next season -- a pittance for which my mom often needled him. Those memories came flooding back this week when I heard the news that Thomson had died at his Savannah, Georgia, home at age 86. Thomson's "Shot Heard 'Round The World" was heard often at our home, each time I asked my dad to tell me once more how he saved the call. He kept the original tape safely boxed up, instead playing one of the Chesterfield records of the call that Hodges' sponsor pressed as gifts to its dealers. For a long time, no one but a handful of friends and family knew the real story of my dad's role in helping immortalize a bit of baseball history. Then, on the 50th anniversary of the game, the New York Times ran an interview with Dad. His local paper, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, did a similar story. Accounts of his recording later appeared in books such as "The Golden Voices of Baseball" and Joshua Prager's "The Echoing Green." Don DeLillo even captured the event in his 1997 novel, "Underworld," referring to Dad only as "a man on 12th Street in Brooklyn." Here's how Dad and The New York Times told the story:. " 'I knew I wouldn't be able to listen to the broadcast, and I knew something was going to happen,' said Goldberg. ... 'It was the third game of the playoffs. That kind of game had to be climactic, even if it was a blowout.' "Was Goldberg's mother, Sylvia, a baseball fan? No. Was she paying strict attention to the game? No, he said, 'she was paying attention to her only son.' ... From the SI vault: The Day Bobby Hit The Home Run. "The night after the game, Goldberg wrote Hodges to ask if anyone at WMCA had recorded the game; if not, he would lend him his. Hodges replied quickly, and used the tape to make records as Christmas gifts. ... "In later years, when Hodges related the tale of the tape, he would refer to Goldberg as a Dodger fan who made the tape so he could hear the voice of the Giants weep when Brooklyn won. A good yarn, but untrue. '' 'I was a Giant fan from 1933 on, when I was 8,' Goldberg said." I'd been thinking about Bobby Thomson, Russ Hodges and Dad just the other day when my son and I went to our first Braves game of the season -- our first game since Dad died a year ago in April. It was a little before 7 p.m. at Atlanta's Turner Field, and the Braves were about to face the Giants -- now long since relocated to San Francisco. My son and I were sitting down to eat on the stadium's terrace when the matrix board began playing a video introducing the visitors. Images of past pennants were flashing on the screen when it suddenly hit me -- these are the same Giants that once called New York's Polo Grounds home. And before I knew it, they were playing the call I've come to know so well -- Bobby Thomson hitting his "long fly ... into the lower deck of the left-field stands." Once more, "The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! ... The Giants win the pennant! And they're going crazy. They're going crazy!'' I wanted to phone Dad and tell him about it, at the same time realizing I couldn't -- that I'd even told the story about the call at his funeral. And then I knew he was with us there in the stadium, smiling down on a perfect summer evening of baseball.
(CNN) -- The first "cup" was used in hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974. That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain is also important.|||That joke's been circulating on the Internet for years. And while it is funny, it's also an embarrassing observation about our past carelessness. But before we start congratulating ourselves about how "advanced" we are now, we should make note of this one little factoid: For much of the country, high school football practice started last month, and for much of the country, high school classes start next month. Given where our high schoolers rank globally in reading, math and science, that is essentially putting the cup before the helmet in the 21st century. Here again are the numbers: 14th out of 34 nations in reading, 17th in science and 25th in math, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Again -- 25th in math. No wonder we keep saying we're No. 1; there's a chance many of us can't count much higher than that. Opinion: After Mars landing, is science cool again? I don't enjoy writing about how dumb our kids are. But the truth is we live locally and are competing for jobs globally. Once upon a time, our high school students could skate by and still secure a good paying job later. That's simply isn't the case today. Part of the reason why the unemployment rate is 8.3% is because many Americans don't have the technical skills necessary to fill some of the 3.5 million jobs that are available. And that's not me shooting from the hip or apologizing for President Barack Obama's economic policies. John Engler, a former Republican Michigan governor and president of Business Roundtable, wrote in a June op-ed for U.S. News & World Report that "even with more than 13 million Americans unemployed, the manufacturing sector cannot find people with the skills to take nearly 600,000 unfilled jobs, according to a study last fall by the Manufacturing Institute and Deloitte." Jeff Weiner, CEO of Linkedin, a networking website with millions of resumes on its database, recently said that "at least one major driving factor (for the 3.5 million unfulfilled jobs) here is ... the pace with which technology and innovation is now accelerating. We are outstripping our ability to educate and train the existing work force." The first step Weiner prescribed to correct this problem: fixing our education system. And by fixing, I would start with our dogmatism. Studies as far back as 1906 have indicated that over summer vacation children forget significant portions of what they learned during the school year, and yet we keep using the same academic calendar that was instituted in the 19th century -- before schools were air-conditioned or teachers certified. That would be like us using leeches to cure diseases -- something else we used to do in the 19th century. And high school sports starting before high school classes literally screams misplaced priorities. Many parents as well as students are against year-round school, noting the lessons that can be learned during summer vacation. I'm fine with that rationale, but why can't the first sign of fall be classrooms opening instead of team practices? My son's first track meet is in less than two weeks away. His first day of school is after Labor Day. Something just seems wrong about that, especially in Michigan where 48% of the state's school districts did not make, what the U.S. Department of Education calls, "adequate yearly progress." Even worse, more than 82% of the state's students did not meet the ACT benchmark for college readiness. But hey, who's ready for some football? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson.
Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A Wisconsin Republican official compared the protests over Gov. Scott Walker's attempts to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees to the Holocaust on Wednesday, a remark he later conceded was "a bad word" to use.|||Wisconsin Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection Secretary Ben Brancel, a Walker appointee, told visiting members of the state Farm Bureau that rookie lawmakers "got stuck in the middle of the Holocaust" when pro-union demonstrators led rallies and camped out in the Capitol for days. "Some of you might have had past relationships with your legislators, because they've been here for a while," Brancel said. "But there's a huge number who this is their first time around. They came to town with a lot of ideas and a lot of concepts they could really work on, and they got stuck in the middle of the Holocaust and the horror story that was going on in town as far as people using the building all night long and some shenanigans." Brancel was making off-the-cuff remarks before the arrival of Walker, who spoke to the farmers Wednesday afternoon and was unaware of his appointee's comments. Brancel later told reporters, "I better go back to English school." "That was a bad word," he said. "It should have been total confusion in the Capitol. It was not an appropriate word to use in the context of which I used it." Brancel also issued a written apology through his office, apologizing for his "unfortunate choice of words." And Walker "hopes everyone accepts the apology that was immediately issued," Walker's office said in a separate statement. Walker and GOP lawmakers are trying to close a $137 million budget shortfall with a plan that calls for curbs on public employee union bargaining rights and requires public workers, with the exception of police and firefighters, to cover more of their retirement plans and health care premiums. The proposal ignited fierce opposition from labor leaders and their supporters, and state Senate Democrats have skipped the state to prevent their chamber from advancing the bill. Public employee unions agreed to financial concessions that they say will help meet the state's fiscal needs, but Walker has said the limits on public bargaining are a critical component of his plan.
(CNN)From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone, the United States' national parks were made for you and me.|||And for Saturday and Sunday, they're also free. Though most of the National Park Service's 407 sites are free year-round, the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free those two days. It's all part of National Park Week, happening April 18 through April 26, and it's hosted by the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation. Check out night-time astronomy parties, daytime Revolutionary War programs, Earth Day parties and family-friendly Junior Ranger activities at national park sites across the country. Not sure how to start? Go to FindYourPark.com to learn more about park sites near you. Go to www.nationalparkweek.org for more ideas on how to explore. Then the park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #FindYourPark and at FindYourPark.com.
(CNN) -- Wanda Butts lost her teenage son in a drowning accident six years ago, and ever since then she has been working to change a troubling statistic.|||According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, African-American children between the ages of 5 and 14 drown at a rate almost three times higher than white children in the same age range. Since 2007, Butts and her nonprofit, the Josh Project, have helped nearly 1,200 children -- most of them minorities -- learn how to swim. CNN asked Butts for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012. CNN: What was the reaction when you found out you were a top 10 CNN Hero? Wanda Butts: Shock and unbelief! I was thinking that this could not be happening to me, just as I felt back on August 6, 2006, when I was told that Josh had drowned. I never would have thought that anything good would happen from the drowning death of my only son at the age of 16. I saw nothing but disaster and tragedy from Josh's drowning. But now I see all of the positive outcomes from his death. Now I can see better what the plan was for my son's life and death, and mine. His death was so others could have a fuller life and possibly a longer life because of their knowing how to swim and (having) water safety skills. His death from drowning gave my life meaning because I can now share with others the importance of knowing how to swim and the importance of knowing water safety. CNN: What do you hope this recognition will mean for the Josh Project? Butts: I would like (to raise) awareness of our mission and our focus of parents being educated and knowing the importance of their child knowing how to swim and how to be safe in and around water. I would hope that the public will be more aware about drowning prevention, especially in communities where the drowning statistics are much higher and more likely to happen. Our objective is to change the drowning statistics. Drowning is preventable if you know the rules. Awareness, education and knowledge is key. That was something I did not have. Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year? Cast your vote now! CNN: What are some of your goals or plans for the Josh Project? Butts: To increase enrollment, employ our own teachers and have our own swimming facility so students can practice what they learn in their weekly lessons. And possibly increase lessons to twice a week. We also intend to increase our water safety education classes. CNN: What do you want people to know most about your work? Butts: Swimming and water safety education are basic life skills that all should know. Water is universal. And since our Earth is nearly 70% water and our bodies are 60 to 70% water and swimming is the only sport that could possible save your life, it is very vital for everyone to have water safety skills and know how to swim. Read the full story on CNN Hero Wanda Butts:. Swim lessons help minority children break cycle. More Q&As from top 10 Heroes:. 'A ray of hope' where girls didn't count. A voice for America's caregiving kids. After losing daughter, dad vows to change culture. Seeking justice for Haiti's rape victims. $50K to help 'Kliptown kids' rise up. Changing reality for impoverished teen moms. Man's best friend helping war veterans heal.
(CNN) -- Manchester United fought back from two-goals down to defeat rivals Manchester City 3-2 in a thrilling Community Shield at Wembley, the traditional opener to the English Premier League.|||Champions United and FA Cup winners City are expected to be challenging for the title come next May -- and both teams showed exceptional quality in an end-to-end encounter that thrilled the  77,000 crowd. City had beaten their neighbors 1-0 when they last faced each other at Wembley, in April's FA Cup semifinal, and Roberto Mancini's big-spenders looked to be heading towards a similar result with two goals in the space of seven first-half minutes. The opener came in the 38th minute when David Silva curled in a delightful free-kick from the right and defender Joleon Lescott rose above the United defence to head past debutant goalkeeper David De Gea. And, on the stroke of half-time, City extended their advantage when Bosnian striker Edin Dzeko picked up the ball just inside the United half and was allowed to run unchallenged before firing a low 25-year shot that swerved away from De Gea. But United manager Alex Ferguson made five changes for the second half and the result was that his team dominated the second 45 minutes. Defender Chris Smalling reduced the deficit in the 52nd minute when side-footing home an Ashley Young free-kick. And United drew level six minutes later with a stunning one-touch move that involved Wayne Rooney and Tom Cleverley that resulted in Nani flicking the ball over England goalkeeper Joe Hart. Then, with the match heading towards a penalty shoot-out, United snatched victory with virtually the final kick. A City attack, which ended with Dzeko missing a close-range header, resulted in United clearing the ball out of defence. But, with seemingly no danger, City defenders Gael Clichy and Vincent Kompany displayed indecision, allowing Nani to rob the ball from Kompany's feet. The Portuguese winger then ran unchallenged towards City's goal, before rounding Hart and sliding the ball into an empty net to secure United a dramatic last- gasp victory. The result will give United a major boost ahead of next weekend's opening round of fixtures -- will the last four Community Shield winners all going on to lift the Premier League title.
(CNN) -- Are you worried that millionaires don't have enough influence in our elections? If you can't contribute more than $123,000 to politicians, are your free speech rights harmed?|||At least 99% of Americans would laugh at the absurdity of these questions, but not Shaun McCutcheon, an Alabama political donor. McCutcheon v. FEC, his court challenge to the $123,200 aggregate contribution limit, has made it all the way to the Supreme Court, where it will be heard on October 8. Aggregate limits -- or the total someone can contribute to federal candidates and committees each two-year election cycle -- was previously before the Supreme Court. In Buckley v. Valeo (1976), the Supreme Court found the limits constitutional because they prevent corruption of federal officeholders and government decisions. The court wrote, "But this quite modest restraint upon protected political activity serves to prevent evasion of the $1,000 contribution limitation by a person who might otherwise contribute massive amounts of money to a particular candidate" through "contributions to political committees likely to contribute to that candidate, or huge contributions to the candidate's political party." Now, especially after throwing out a century's worth of law approving restrictions on corporate campaign expenditures in rulings, including Citizens United, one would expect the Supreme Court to leave some of its campaign finance precedents intact. With this challenge to another longstanding law, the court will have its chance. One argument advanced by McCutcheon's supporters is that because the Citizens United decision unleashed millions of dollars in independent electoral spending, much of it from anonymous sources, the role of political parties has been diminished to the detriment of our political system. That's hogwash. McCutcheon supporters propose throwing out aggregate limits so the parties can raise more than $1 million from a single contributor. Eliminating the aggregate limits would only invite more political corruption. First, it would provide another advantage for the tiny fraction of Americans who have the means to give so lavishly. In 2012, only four out of 1,000 Americans made political contributions of $200 or more, and the proportion of Americans who give the maximum amount of contributions allowed under federal law is much smaller. By way of perspective, McCutcheon challenges a contribution cap for individuals of $123,200 -- or more than twice the $51,017 the average American family earns a year before taxes. Eliminating this "quite modest restraint" would further empower the very few Americans who can afford to give such sums, and it would bring us pretty close to the definition of oligarchy. Second, the corruption that would arise from eliminating these limits is not hypothetical. The record presented to the U.S. Supreme Court in the case of McConnell v FEC -- the decision that upheld the McCain-Feingold campaign financing act -- confirmed that the parties can and do serve as conduits for huge donors seeking specific outcomes in Washington and state capitals across the country. Not only does the lower court record make clear that large contributions buy access and influence -- read the depositions of Sen. Warren Rudman, R-New Hampshire; Alan Simpson, R-Wyoming, and Paul Simon, D-Illinois -- but they also affect Senate action. For example, the court record shows that in 1996, during Senate consideration of an amendment to benefit Federal Express, Sen. Russ Feingold, D-Wisconsin, said a senior senator suggested to him that he support the amendment because "they just gave us $100,000." The record reports that a popular generic drug bill died in Congress in 2002, shortly after two Republican Party congressional committees held a large gala fundraiser to raise almost $30 million in contributions. Among the largest contributors to the gala were GlaxoSmithKline PLC, PhRMA , Pfizer, Eli Lilly & Co., Bayer AG and Merck & Co. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, summed up the problem this way: "There's a terrible appearance when the Generic Drug Bill, which passes by 78 votes through the Senate, is not allowed to be brought up in the House shortly after a huge fundraiser with multimillion-dollar contributions from the pharmaceutical drug companies who are opposed to the legislation." Third, allowing donors a direct route to funnel millions straight to parties and candidates will not stop the anonymous independent spending. These expenditures will persist because they offer distinct advantages: They allow donors to hide their identities from the public, and allow candidates to outsource the dirty work, like attack ads. If the Supreme Court sides with McCutcheon, all it will have done is open new routes for corruption without closing the old ones. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meredith McGehee.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Ten schoolchildren and two soldiers with NATO's International Security Assistance Force were killed Monday in a bombing in Afghanistan, officials said.|||A police officer was also killed when a suicide bomber attacked a bazaar in Afghanistan's eastern Paktia province, the Afghan Interior Ministry said. The assailant, who was on a motorbike, detonated a device in the main bazaar of the Samkanai district, Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said. At least 16 others were wounded, Sediqqi said. The two ISAF soldiers, whose names and nationalities were not released, were killed in the blast, ISAF spokesman Staff Sgt. Daniel Wallace said. The Interior Ministry issued a statement saying Taliban insurgents were behind the bombing. But the Taliban did not immediately claim responsibility, as they often do after deadly blasts. Paktia province has been a hotbed for insurgent attacks. Last October, another suicide bomber plowed into the wall of a joint NATO-Afghan army base, wounding 45 Afghan soldiers, officials said. The Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack. And in 2011, several suicide bombers attacked a government office in Paktia's Samkanai district. Three Afghan police officers were killed. 3 killed in attack, gun battle at Red Cross in Afghanistan.
(CNN) -- In all the toing and froing that we have seen in recent weeks surrounding match-fixing -- the Europol press conference that announced more than 680 suspicious football matches worldwide and the banning of 33 players and officials for life in China -- one question has been largely overlooked: just how do you actually fix a football game?|||After all, football is not a sport like cricket with stops and starts. It's a team game with an ebb and flow that should make it very difficult to fix. But according to the European police investigators, the fixers and dodgy sporting people were able to successfully manipulate hundreds of games -- so how did they actually arrange these corrupted matches? In essence, there are three ways and the first is the old stand-by of a dodgy referee. There have always been officials who are willing to corrupt matches. I showed in my book "The Fix: Soccer & Organized Crime," that there is a long tradition in some countries of clubs providing referees with sexual bribes before matches: good-looking young women who suddenly found the men in black irresistibly attractive. The next morning, club officials would drop a gentle word about '"ocal hospitality" and the official, who was often married, knew that they had to provide a "well-refereed" match for the host team. The problem with that method is that it is very difficult for referees to deliver a fixed match. They can give away needless penalties and red cards, but in the end their capacity to actually affect a match is limited. A second method is gathering four or five players in a team to throw a match. The advantage to this scam is that it actually makes identifying a fix very difficult for a spectator. You have six players running around trying as hard as they can; and you have five players pretending to run around trying as hard as they can. This way an outsider finds it extraordinarily difficult to figure out what is going on. All they see is 11 players who may or may not be making mistakes honestly. All of whom are swearing and cursing the moment anything goes wrong. Who is on the fix or even if there is a fix occurring is very difficult to tell. The most pernicious method, and most effective, is when a fixer can get a club owner to fix matches. The Europol investigators spoke about this during their conference. There are dodgy club owners in Europe who will begin a season by looking at the 40 or so games in the league, and think, "Right we will try to win these 30 matches, and we will lose these 10." Morally it is a terrible thing to do. Financially, however, it makes excellent sense. Knowing that they will lose those specific 10 matches, the club owners will bet against their team and make more money losing those matches, then in winning all the other games. Last year FIFPro, the umbrella group of professional footballers' unions, conducted a survey where they spoke to over 3,000 European players about their working conditions and the possibility of corruption in the sport. The results were so shocking that FIFPro entitled the results of their survey "The Black Book of Football." In the report, players spoke frequently of intimidation and threats to ensure that entire teams fixed matches. And that intimidation was often coming from the owners of the teams. If corruption exists at a club, it makes it very easy to fix a match. A club owner simply has to walk into a dressing room and say, "Right, lads. Today, you will lose the match. If you do not lose you will not get your salary for the last few months." In those cases, all the players have to do is make sure the spectators do not notice and they have a successful fix. All this is not to say that every game is fixed. The situation is far better in Europe then Asia. In that continent, there are entire leagues like - the Chinese and South Korean -- that have had to be shut down for months while mass arrests were conducted before the sports could continue. It is to say, though, that unless serious measures are taken the world's game will be very, very badly affected.
(CNN) -- This week, Barack Obama will embark on his first trip to Israel as president. The visit will enable him to engage, experience and touch Israelis in ways that move and bolster us.|||In seemingly small gestures that are nevertheless immensely meaningful to Israelis, and in declarations designed to be heard throughout the region, Obama will reinforce Israel's legitimacy and reassure a nation facing monumental challenges. Israelis will know -- justly, incontestably -- that we are not alone. That realization will contrast with earlier reports of Israeli skepticism about Obama and his commitment to the Jewish state. Israel is situated in a region rife with turmoil, anti-Semitism, and terror, and its survival is threatened daily. Though the Israel Defense Forces are formidable, Israelis need to feel that the leader of our greatest ally, America, always stands beside us. Obama sought to allay these concerns, telling the U.N. General Assembly in September 2011 that "the Jewish people have forged a successful state in their historic homeland." He repeatedly upheld the unbreakable bonds between the U.S. and Israel, and his total dedication to Israel's security. Now the president has chosen Israel as the first foreign destination of his second term. Immediately after landing, he will visit a battery of the anti-missile system, Iron Dome. Designed by Israel and funded by the president and the Congress, this particular battery was deployed at the height of November's fighting with Hamas and within an hour intercepted a terrorist rocket heading for Tel Aviv. The only anti-missile system in history to succeed in combat, Iron Dome saved lives and avoided war, affording the Israeli government the precious time needed to negotiate a cease-fire. While speaking with the young soldiers who man Iron Dome, Obama will remind the Middle East of America's pledge to enable Israel to defend itself by itself against all enemies. Less dramatic, perhaps, but no less significant will be the president's tour of the Israel Museum's treasure, the Shrine of the Book. A white-tiled structure recalling the ancient jars in which they were hidden, the Shrine houses the Dead Sea Scrolls, the world's oldest Jewish manuscripts. By surveying Hebrew texts composed in or around Jerusalem thousands of years ago, Obama will signal the unbroken link between the Jewish people and their ancient land. That message will be reiterated at Obama's last stop. Ascending the mount that serves as Israel's equivalent to Arlington National Cemetery, the president will lay a wreath at the grave of Benjamin Ze'ev (Theodor) Herzl. Fifty years before the Holocaust, Herzl envisioned the creation of a Jewish state in the land of Israel and fathered the Zionist movement. In 2010, former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, an outspoken friend of Iran, refused to pay similar homage to Herzl. Doing so, he knew, meant acknowledging the Jewish people's unassailable right to self-determination in their forebears' land. But Obama will do just that, while the Middle East watches. There will be other highlights in the president's visit. He will tour Yad Vashem, Israel's national Holocaust memorial, not to associate Israel's creation with the Nazis' Final Solution, but rather to reaffirm Israel's right to defend itself from genocidal threats, such as those made by Iran. The president will also address an audience of hundreds of students from leading Israeli universities, who will be eager to hear his vision for Israel and the Middle East and his appreciation of Israel's many accomplishments in the technological and scientific fields. Beyond the public events, though, Obama will be meeting at length with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Contrary to press reports, their relationship has been open and friendly. This will mark their 10th meeting and, indeed, Obama says that he has spoken to the prime minister more frequently than any foreign leader. The two leaders will discuss issues of critical importance to the security of both nations --restarting unconditional peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians to create a solution based on two states for two peoples, monitoring Syria's chemical weapons arsenal and preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons capability. Presumably, these issues will also be raised in the president's meetings in the West Bank and Jordan. The message, however, will be the same: America remains committed to security and peace in the Middle East and dedicated to a safe and recognized Jewish state of Israel. Israel will show its appreciation for that resolve when President Shimon Peres bestows on our visitor Israel's highest civilian medal, the Presidential Medal of Distinction. By the time Air Force One takes off from Ben Gurion Airport, it will undoubtedly leave behind an Israeli people profoundly affected and reassured. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Oren.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- The death toll from an outbreak of hepatitis B in India's western Gujarat state reached 38 on Sunday as authorities prepared to begin a vaccination drive against the disease.|||Hepatitis-B patient Mahir Husain, center, is comforted at a hospital in Ahmedabad. Malayappan Thennarasa, the top administrator of the affected Sabarkantha district, told CNN the toll had climbed to 38 and that shots would be administered free of cost starting Monday. Health officials have recorded 125 cases of the infection in two weeks.   Authorities were carrying out raids at medical stores for bogus drugs and recycled syringes. Police have so far arrested five medical practitioners. One of them was charged Sunday with attempted murder. The doctor is accused of reusing syringes, Thennarasa said. Hepatitis B is a contagious liver disease resulting from infection with the hepatitis B virus, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It usually spreads through blood, semen, or other bodily fluids, often through sexual contact or sharing needles or syringes with an infected person. The disease can range from a mild illness lasting a few weeks to a serious, chronic illness resulting in long-term health problems or death, the CDC said.
(CNN) -- If you think school starts too early, you aren't the only one.|||A new policy statement published by the American Academy of Pediatrics is on the side of groggy students falling asleep at their desks and their parents who are tired of nagging them to get out of bed in the morning. They say that lack of sleep in adolescents causes poor academic performance and poses a serious public health concern. Traffic accidents, depression and obesity can result, with schools that start too early contributing to the problem. The technical report released with the policy statement says that sleep-deprived teens tend to eat more carbohydrates and fats, with every hour of sleep that is lost increasing the odds of obesity by 80%. Adolescents that go to sleep at midnight or later are also more likely to suffer from depression and have suicidal thoughts. On the other hand, middle and high schools that start later in the day tend to have students with less daytime sleepiness, less tardiness, fewer attention difficulties and better academic performance than early-starting schools. Sleep deprivation linked to depression in teens. Even if you don't have children in school, you might still be impacted if you drive to work. One community in Lexington, Kentucky, decreased the average crash rate for teenaged drivers by 16.5% after delaying high school start times by one hour, according to a study published in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine. And a two-year study of two high schools in Virginia found that the school with the later start time had significantly fewer students in accidents. Fatal wrecks underscore risks for young drivers. To reduce these public health concerns, the American Academy of Pediatrics policy statement recommends that schools start no earlier than 8:30 a.m. Only 14% of public high schools currently meet this guideline, according to the National Center for Education Statistics. "I'm hoping that the visibility of the sleep deprivation issue and research can help spark more discussion," said Jennifer Davis, co-founder and president of the National Center on Time & Learning and former U.S. Department of Education deputy assistant secretary. When the topic of later school start times arises, parents and school administrators often express concerns over work conflicts -- How can I drop my kid off at 9 if I have to be at the office at 8:30? -- and after-school activities. Administrators say the school day needs to end early enough in the afternoon that sports team can share fields and practice before it gets dark. "It's one more example of how are schools need to be student centered," Davis argued. "There are thousands of children, bus schedules, lunch schedules, parent needs. But we have to focus on how we are going to help our children succeed. And making sure they have enough sleep is one of those things." The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that adolescents get 8.5 to 9.5 hours of sleep per night, which parents can help enforce by setting bedtimes and limiting their child's use of electronic devices and social media in bed. "Avoid keeping screens such as computers or TVs in your child's bedroom, and keep portable ones (phones, tablets, handheld games) out as much as possible," said Dr. Jennifer Shu, a board-certified pediatrician in Atlanta. "It can be helpful to have a central charging station where all of the family's electronics spend the night." She adds that parents can also encourage sleep routines such as reading before bed and avoid scheduling music lessons, sports and social events that might delay bedtime. Are your kids getting enough sleep? "Setting the stage for good sleep now is an important habit that can make a difference in your child's future health," Shu said. If you have concerns, talk to a pediatrician or check out the National Institutes of Health's guide to healthy sleep."
(CNN) -- Aruban authorities are urging Natalee Holloway's father, Dave Holloway, to delay volunteer search efforts in her disappearance until police get better information on the case from Peruvian investigators who have spoken to Joran van der Sloot, prosecutor Peter Blanken said.|||Police do not want their investigation jeopardized or possible evidence contaminated in the Bubali Bird Sanctuary, a swamp area where Joran once said he dumped Holloway's body, Blanken said. Aruban authorities wish to search a more focused area once they receive more information from van der Sloot and his laptop, which may include files linking him to the Holloway disappearance. Earlier, Blanken said investigators from Aruba would not be able to question van der Sloot until Peruvian authorities finish their probe of the May 30 slaying of Stephany Flores. The formalities of Peruvian law also will determine the time frame, the prosecutor said. Aruban and Peruvian authorities agreed to "help each other" in the Flores case. Van der Sloot, a 22-year-old Dutch citizen, was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with Holloway's disappearance but released for lack of evidence. Aruba is part of the Netherlands. He said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and met Flores while gambling. Police have said they think van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won. Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal battled hard to overcome Roger Federer's conqueror and give himself a chance of a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament title in Italy.|||The Spaniard dropped his first set on clay this season before defeating young Latvian outsider Ernests Gulbis 6-4 3-6 6-4 in Saturday's semifinals in Rome. World No. 3 Nadal can move ahead of Federer and join American legend Andre Agassi in the all-time Masters list if he beats compatriot David Ferrer in Sunday's final. Gulbis, who will rise six places in the world rankings to 34th next week, gave himself every chance of repeating his shock second-round win over No. 1 Federer as he blasted 50 winners to Nadal's 18, firing 13 aces to none. But the 21-year-old paid the price for making 56 unforced errors against the defending champion's 23. Nadal, who won three successive titles in Rome from 2005, will seek to match the mark set by Agassi in 2004. He has not lost to Ferrer since the 2007 season-ending Masters Cup, and has a 10-3 advantage in career meetings. Whoever wins, Spain is guaranteed an eighth victory in 10 years at the event, which was known as the Italian Open until 2002. Ferrer earlier reached his first Masters final with a 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Fernando Verdasco, avenging his defeat to the sixth seed in last weekend's semifinals in Barcelona. Verdasco was unable to repeat his fine showing from Friday's energy-sapping three-hour victory over world No. 2 Novak Djokovic, last year's runner-up, as he faded after taking a 5-1 lead in the opening set. The world No. 9 had won 12 of his past 13 matches on clay, losing to Nadal in the final in Monte Carlo last month. "Until 5-1 things were going okay for me and also he wasn't playing his best and made some mistakes," Verdasco told the ATP Tour Web site. "Later, perhaps he saw that I was tired, not from 5-1 but since I got up this morning. "The match yesterday was long and very physical against Novak and I was feeling good mentally but my body wasn't feeling the same as before, so I was slower and with less power. I was making mistakes and I wasn't playing a good game." Meanwhile, Belgian comeback queen Justine Henin will face Samantha Stosur in the final of the women's Stuttgart Grand Prix on Sunday. Henin, the 2007 champion, is seeking her first title since ending her 18-month retirement in January. The former world No. 1 cruised to a 6-3 6-2 semifinal win over Israel's Shahar Peer, who on Friday knocked out third-ranked Dinara Safina. She reached the 60th WTA Tour final of her career as she spoiled Peer's 23rd birthday celebrations before fellow wildcard Stosur continued her fine run on clay with a 7-5 6-3 win over Russian qualifier Anna Lapushchenkova. The Australian is unbeaten in 11 matches on the surface after winning the Family Circle Cup in Charleston in the United States and then winning both rubbers on Fed Cup duty against Ukraine.
(CNN) -- Airbus has showed off its new A350 XWB, rolling out its first flyable plane on Monday fresh from the paintshop in company livery.|||The aircraft is the first in a family of super efficient passenger planes Airbus designed to go head-to-head against rival Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 777s. "XWB" means "extra wide body." There are three members in the A350 family: the A350-800, the A350-900 and the A350-1000, which seat 270, 314 and 350 passengers respectively, in three-class seating. The largest of the three lightweight carbon-composite aircraft, the A350-1000, is 73.88 meters long and has a range of approximately 8,400 nautical miles, or 15,600 kilometers. The catalog price is US$320.6 million. As of March 31, there were 110 orders for the A350-1000 among a total of 616 orders from 34 customers. Most orders, 414, have been for the A350-900. The plane unveiled on Monday at Airbus HQ in Toulouse, France is the latest milestone in what has been a turbulent production history for the A350. Critics have said the A350 program -- first launched in 2007 -- was a poorly-designed, hasty response to Boeing's 787. Dreamliner battery fix: Behind the scenes. "The company, which was hip-deep in sorting out A380 development, simply hadn't foreseen the huge pent-up demand for a more efficient 250-seat airliner, and tried to take the easy way out by offering a re-engined version of its A330," aviation journalist David Kaminski-Morrow, air transport editor of Flightglobal.com, told CNN in an earlier report. Airbus reworked the design, configurations and technology to increase the plane's range and efficiency. The unveiled plane, which Airbus have tagged "MSN001," will undergo final tests before its maiden flight expected in June. Airbus said it took less than a week to complete the aircraft painting. Last month, engines were installed, ground vibration tests and flight test instrumentation verification were completed. Read more: What does the A350 mean for travelers?
(CNN)Will "Birdman" rule the roost Sunday night?|||The film, starring Michael Keaton as a former superhero-playing actor trying to recharge his career with a Broadway play, leads all other films with seven Golden Globe nominations. The critically acclaimed movie was nominated for best comedy or musical, best actor in a comedy or musical (Keaton), best supporting actor (Edward Norton), best supporting actress (Emma Stone), best director (Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu), as well as best screenplay and best score. The 72nd Golden Globes is produced by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and is viewed by many in Hollywood as a good predictor for the Oscars. This year, "Boyhood" and "The Imitation Game" earned five nominations, and Ava DuVernay made history becoming the first African American woman to be nominated for directing for her work on "Selma." DuVernay's film joins "Boyhood," "Foxcatcher," "The Imitation Game" and "The Theory of Everything" in being nominated for best drama. Actress Jennifer Aniston has been having a moment and stirring a great deal of buzz with her performance as a woman who becomes obsessed with the suicide of a member of her chronic pain support group. Aniston is nominated for a best dramatic actress Golden Globe and told the Los Angeles Times she's happy to be getting noticed for her performance, rather than the usual paparazzi driven attention paid to her personal life. "To be having a conversation about my work, as opposed to the other BS, is really so refreshing," she said. "I feel like a plant that's just been starving for nourishment. I needed a good rain." Among the television categories, "Fargo" led all nominees with five nominations, followed by "True Detective" which had four and "Jane the Virgin," which received two. Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will once again host this year's awards show. Fey told E! that she and her bestie are going to take advantage of being in the final year of their three-year Globes contract to push the envelope with their humor. "Listen, it's our last time!" she said.  "What are they going to do, fire us?! Who cares!" The 72nd Golden Globes will be held at the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles and will air at 8 p.m. EST on NBC. CNN's Todd Leopold contributed to this story.
(CNN) -- Charity: water will receive a $5 million grant from Google's Global Impact Awards to provide clean and sustainable water supplies to the world's most far-flung and impoverished regions.|||The non-profit group that builds water wells for communities in the developing world is hoping to install 4,000 low-cost remote sensors. The sensors will transmit real-time data to the charity and its donors on the condition and flow of water at particular wells. Charity: water founder Scott Harrison announced the new plan today at the 2012 LeWeb conference in Paris. Read more: 'Father of the internet': Fight to stay free. "We realize 4,000 [sensors] is an aggressive target to implement by the end of 2015, but we've always set aggressive goals," Harrison told CNN. "We are first going to target Ethiopia, Nepal and a few other African and Asian countries that are undecided at this time." The entire initiative will be funded through Google's Global Impact Awards, a scheme designed by the Silicon Valley tech giant to support pioneering technologies. Read more: What it means to be a digital native. Harrison said the charity is planning to test different technologies for each country depending on the type of well installed there. "For example, our commitment in Ethiopia has consisted mainly of hand-dug wells, and in Nepal, we fund large-scale spring systems. Two completely different sensors, partners, and methodologies," he explained. Knowing the location of the well isn't enough anymore -- the charity also wants to collect information to establish if the wells are working and if they need to be fixed. A large part of the pilot program would also involve continuing its work in training local mechanics to maintain the water supply, which Charity: water says will spur job creation. Harrison added: "We want to do the best job of fully implementing the technology as well as building up response teams (mechanics) to ensure the sustainability of the projects and continue serving our beneficiaries with full transparency." The aid group -- founded in 2006 -- began its work in Uganda, installing wells in refugee camps. Since then it has funded over 6,700 projects in 20 countries.
(CNN) -- A "faulty" flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands, an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others, Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday.|||Turkish Airlines workers carry the coffins of four staff who died in the crash. On February 25, Turkish Airlines Flight 1951 from Istanbul to Amsterdam dropped from the sky on approach to the landing strip at Schiphol Airport, shattering into three pieces in a muddy field. Pieter van Vollenhoven, head of the Dutch Safety Board, said the instrument was one of the plane's two altimeters, which measure altitude. Because of the "faulty" left altimeter, the plane on automatic pilot reacted as if it were lower than it was and started to behave as if it was touching down. The plane was at 700 meters but the instrument indicated that it was at ground level. This caused the automatic throttles to slow the plane down, leading to a loss of speed. The plane was on automatic pilot when it crashed. Van Vollenhoven said there had been misty weather and if it were clearer then the pilots might have noticed how far up they were. He said that if such instruments don't function, automatic pilots should not be used for landings. Investigators said there had been faulty meter readings on two other flights but the pilots were able to land. Van Vollenhoven said that the pilots realized the problem but failed to appreciate what had been happening until it was too late. In the immediate aftermath of the crash investigators said the plane fell almost vertically to the ground indicating the aircraft did not have enough forward speed. The plane crash less than 500 yards short of the runway. Passengers described feeling the plane suddenly drop before impact, and at least one passenger said he heard the pilot trying to give more power to the engines before it went down. Four of the crew and three Boeing employees were among the nine people killed in the crash. Turkey's flagship airline is well-rated internationally for its overall safety record and the Boeing 737-800 has a good safety record. The last previous fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed as it tried to return to Schiphol shortly after takeoff.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Power-driven wheelchairs are costing Medicare and its beneficiaries nearly four times what suppliers pay for them, and competitive bidding could have reduced those costs, according to an inspector general's report released Wednesday.|||Competitive bidding would have cut costs on a standard power wheelchair by nearly $1,000, the report says. A standard power wheelchair costs the federal health insurance program for seniors an average of $4,018 to lease, compared with $1,048 for suppliers to buy, the Department of Health and Human Services' internal watchdog reported. "Medicare and its beneficiaries paid suppliers an average of $2,970 beyond the supplier's acquisition cost to perform an average of five services and cover general business costs," the report found. The difference was not as dramatic for more advanced wheelchairs used for physical rehabilitation patients, but at an average lease of $11,507, those chairs still cost Medicare about twice as much as the $5,880 paid by suppliers, the report found. More than 173,000 Medicare beneficiaries received power wheelchairs in the first half of 2007, at a cost of about $686 million, the report said. The cost could have been reduced considerably had Congress not delayed a planned system of competitive bidding for what Medicare classifies as "durable medical equipment," such as wheelchairs and oxygen tanks, the report said. Competitive bidding would have cut Medicare's average cost of a standard power wheelchair by nearly $1,000, the inspector general found. "Medicare and beneficiary payments under the Competitive Bidding Acquisition Program would have decreased by an average of 26 percent across all included categories of [durable medical equipment], saving up to an estimated $1 billion annually," the report found. "However, Congress delayed the program and exempted complex rehabilitation power wheelchairs from future competitive bidding." Medicare's annual budget for 2008 was $444 billion. In January, it cut its payments to suppliers by 9.5 percent to make up for what it thought competitive bidding would have saved taxpayers, according to the report. In July, a CNN investigation found that a patient and taxpayers were billed about $1,200 over four years for a nonmotorized chair, while a nearly identical chair could be bought from the same supplier for $349. The issue has become controversial as the Obama administration tries to overhaul the U.S. health care system and rein in the cost of Medicare. Administration officials want to require competitive bids for items such as wheelchairs. But the American Association for Homecare, which represents many in the durable equipment industry, said the bidding program would reduce patient choice, limit access to home medical care and drive up Medicare costs by requiring more hospital stays.
(CNN) -- Larry, one of the employees you supervise, hasn't been performing his job up to expectations. But you've been reluctant to take him aside and speak with him candidly: Like most senior people in the company, you are white. What if Larry, who is black, takes your criticism the wrong way or, worse, thinks you are racist?|||The last thing you want is for others to think your actions were influenced by race. So you've held off talking to him about performance issues that you'd likely have raised with your non-minority employees. You're relieved that a potentially thorny situation was averted, even pleased with your capacity to be so racially sensitive. But in fact, recent research suggests, you have not done your company, your employee, or yourself much good. However well-intentioned, striving to create the appearance of colorblindness by sidestepping the specter of race can be more of an obstacle than an asset to good management practice. Read more: Is your boss a psychopath? It's easy to understand the appeal of colorblindness: it seems to offer a relatively easy way to handle complicated and often divisive issues of race in business and broader society: after all, if we don't notice race, we can't act in a biased manner on that basis, right? Yet social psychological research shows that far from being a panacea, turning a blind eye to the realities and complexities of race can create more problems than it solves. It can even stand in the way of creating constructive and equitable race-related policies. You can pretend that race doesn't matter or that you don't "see" race, but quite often neither claim is accurate. In fact, research in social neuroscience suggests that people perceive others' race almost instantly (typically in less than one-seventh of a second). Rather than feeling reassured or comforted by your ability to avoid the race issue, consider that, according to research, minority employees like Larry are actually more (not less) distrustful of people who fail to acknowledge the elephant in the roomâ€”raceâ€”than they are of individuals who openly talk about it. Avoiding race can not only undermine minorities' impression of you, but also can make it harder for them to get better at their jobs. Managers who are petrified by the looming issue of race and the potential of appearing prejudiced can make the mistake of not giving the type of critical feedback to minority team members that they readily offer to white team members. I've seen this dynamic play out in a class activity I conduct in which students work in teams and then offer feedback to help one another strengthen their skills. It became clear to me that white students were not giving the same level of critical feedback to minorities as they were to white team members. Other studies have identified similar experiences among teachers and students: Teachers were not as likely to give critical feedback when grading a paper to black students because they did not want to be seen as insensitive. How do you expect those students -- and Larry -- to improve if no one's willing to give them the critical feedback that challenges them to do so? Read more: find your superpower. I'm not suggesting that as a manager, you walk into the office and point out a co-worker's background. But being more authentic and transparent about race can make people more relaxed in the workplace. Sometimes race clearly is relevant, and not talking about it can actually make things more awkward. Skilled managers need to be able to create a cohesive, trusting team climate in which people are able to acknowledge that John is black, Mary is older, and Steve is gay. It doesn't mean that such factors need to or should be in the forefront of discussion, but they shape who we are as people; allowing them to fester without acknowledgement can impede the effectiveness and openness of group discussions and teamwork. The fact of the matter is that women and minorities often experience organizational life differently. Perceptive managers understand that keeping their team happy and productive means recognizing this. The argument isn't that race should be overvalued, but rather that it should be a topic that is OK to acknowledge and discuss. Ironically, attempts to demonstrate how colorblind we are or how inconsequential race is in the workplace only illustrate how significant these issues really are. We're just not able to admit as much. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Evan P. Apfelbaum.
(CNN) -- An uncle of President Barack Obama who was arrested last month for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol has been released from custody.|||Onyango Obama was freed from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody on Thursday under an order of supervision, according to a statement Friday from Brian P. Hale, director of public affairs for ICE. He will be required to check in regularly with immigration authorities, Hale said. Obama was arrested in Framingham, Massachusetts, on August 24 after failing a field sobriety test, police Lt. Ronald Brandolini told CNN. An officer in an unmarked police cruiser stopped Obama after he failed to make a proper stop at an intersection, according to a statement from Framingham police. The arresting officer, Val Krishtal, said Obama had red and glassy eyes, slurred speech and appeared unsteady on his feet, according to the statement. Obama told Krishtal he had consumed two beers, and then failed "several" field sobriety tests, the statement said. Obama was arrested for operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol, failure to yield and operating a motor vehicle to endanger, the statement said. According to a a federal law enforcement source who spoke on condition of not being identified, Obama was not legally in the United States and previously has been ordered removed from the country. CNN's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A rare snowy owl was in stable, but guarded condition on Thursday after apparently being hit by a bus just blocks from the White House.|||It had been seen around town a lot lately looking for food and had attracted a number of fans. A Twitter account was set up to monitor sightings. The bird, believed to be female, was apparently hit on Wednesday night and found by police in the early morning hours on a downtown street with injuries. It was taken to the Smithsonian National Zoo's hospital where it was alert and responsive, the zoo said in a statement. There were no obvious signs of physical injury, but blood found in bird's mouth could indicate head trauma, the zoo said. The owl received pain medication and fluids before being transported to a wildlife rehabilitation center. There, experts said she also suffered a broken toe. X-rays were ordered up as was a period of evaluation before the owl would be released back into the wild, City Wildlife, an animal rehabilitation center, said in a statement on Twitter. The owl's twitter account was inundated with well-wishes Thursday from many followers who had been documenting its whereabouts around the capital.
(CNN)What if a dachshund and a pit bull got together?|||That's the way the joke would open, pairing the most unlikely of canine partners -- the short legged, long bodied dachshund with the larger, stronger pit bull. But  Rami is proof that the match has happened. "It is a true pit bull head on a dachshund body," said Dawn Blanton of the Moultrie-Colquitt County Humane Society in south Georgia. A man found the dog, now named Rami, wandering in his backyard. He called the shelter and described him as a "pit bull with short legs,"  Blanton told CNN affiliate WALB. Local animal control officials confirmed that Rami is a dachshund/pit bull mix. "Hi! I'm Rami and I'm looking for my forever home. I'm full of energy. I don't like walking on a leash," reads a posting on the animal shelter's Facebook page. " I'm a sweetie pie, and love to run. I don't listen very well, so you'll need to take some time to train me. Because I tend to be a bit hyper, I might not be the best addition to a household with little kids. But I'm sure that all I need is a little lovin." And with that posting and others, Rami has become a social media sensation. "We posted a photo of him when he became available. And within a day it went to 1 million hits. And by that night it was up to 2 million. And now it is over 2.4 million hits," Blanton said. Humane society workers are taking their time to pick his new owner because they don't want him to become a freak show. "It will be a pretty tough test for people that are wanting this dog. They're going to have to answer questions, we're going to do follow-up inspections on him," said Don Flowers, also of the Humane Society. The Humane Society is hoping Rami's newfound star status will bring attention to other animals on the county's Facebook page -- there are dogs Brutus and Oreo, as well as Loki and Mari the cats, along with others. Rami, who is fully grown at 25 pounds, is neutered. He is expected to be adopted by next week. Man reunites with stolen dog during search for new pet.
(CNN) -- Claudio Ranieri has resigned as AS Roma coach following the Italian Serie A side blew a three-goal lead to lose 4-3 at Genoa on Sunday.|||The result marked a fourth consecutive defeat for the Rome-based club, who also lost to Ukrainian team Shakhtar Donetsk in the Champions League earlier this week. After much speculation about Ranieri's future, AFP reported that the 59-year-old had told Italian news agency Ansa that he had quit. "I've always thought about the good of Roma and after a game such as today's I believe it's right to give a signal. After the final whistle I went into the changing rooms to thank the team and I decided to hand in my resignation," the Italian reportedly said. The day had started brightly for Ranieri as he saw his team go 3-0 up within 51 minutes thanks to goals from Philippe Mexes, Nicolas Burdisso and skipper Francesco Totti. But things soon took a turn for the worst as Genoa staged a remarkable comeback scoring four goals in in 35 minutes to seal Ranieri's fate. The former Chelsea boss, who had been in charge at Roma since 2009, leaves the side in eighth place in Serie A, trailing league leaders AC Milan by 13 points and city rivals Lazio by four. Roma's president Rosella Sensi says that the club will make a decision on the coaching situation on Monday, according to AFP. "We will act on what he's said," she said. Meanwhile, a late goal from substitute Alexandre Pato ensured AC Milan maintained their lead at the top of the Italian league with a 2-1 win at 10-man Chievo Verona. Brazil striker Robinho gave Massimiliano Allegri's side the lead after 25 minutes, before Switzerland's Gelson Fernandes equalized for mid-table Chievo when play resumed in the second half. Brazil's Pato then came off the bench to score the winner, just before Chievo's Slovenian defender Bostjan Cesar was given a red card for a second-bookable offence with six minutes left to play. Defending champions Inter had moved within two points of the league leaders on Saturday following victory over Cagliari, but Milan's triumph means they now have five-point cushion over their third-placed city rivals. Napoli reclaimed second place with a 1-0 win at home to Catania, the club's fourth league victory in five matches. Colombia international Juan Camilo Zuniga scored the only goal in the 25th minute to put Napoli three points off the lead, while Catania are the same distance from the relegation zone. Fourth-placed Lazio beat bottom-of-the-table Bari 1-0 at home at Rome's Stadio Olimpico thanks to an early goal from Brazilian midfielder Hernanes. Lecce kept their hopes of survival alive with a 2-0 win at home over Champions League qualification contenders Juventus, who had goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon was sent off for a deliberate handball after just 12 minutes. Djamel Mesbah scored for Lecce in the first half before Andrea Bertolacci doubled the lead early in the second. Parma came from behind to salvage a 2-2 draw at home to second-from-bottom Cesena thanks to a penalty from Hernan Crespo and a late strike from substitute Rafaelle Palladino. Fifth-placed Udinese's Champions League ambitions suffered a setback as they had to settle for a 0-0 draw at home with lowly Brescia, while the game between Fiorentina and Sampdoria also finished in stalemate.
(CNN) -- The head of Homeland Security travels to Arizona Friday, a day after Mexican authorities questioned two men in a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border.|||The Mexican army handed the two over to local authorities in Sonora, having detained them near the American border, the Mexican attorney general's office said Thursday. The two were in possession of drugs and guns when they were detained, added the source. Local authorities are investigating if the pair had anything to do with Tuesday's shooting near Naco, Arizona, where Border Patrol agents came under fire after responding to a sensor that had gone off nearby. U.S. authorities have identified the agent killed as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie. The Provo, Utah, native, who joined the Border Patrol in January 2008, is survived by his wife and two young children. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and other federal officials will meet with Ivie's family "to express their condolences," said department spokesman Matt Chandler. Ivie is the 14th agent killed in the line of duty since 2008, including three this year. He was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry, whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa. What was 'Fast and Furious'? The agent who was wounded has not been identified. After the shooting, he was airlifted to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. He was released from the hospital Wednesday, said Jeremy Copeland, an agent with the Tucson Sector of U.S. Border Patrol. "Napolitano (and the others) will also meet with federal, state and local law enforcement officials at the Brian A. Terry Border Patrol Station in Bisbee, Arizona, regarding the ongoing investigation," Chandler said in a statement. In addition to Mexican authorities, the FBI is conducting a joint investigation with the Cochise County Sheriff's Office. James Turgal, special agent in charge of the FBI's Phoenix division, has declined to say if the Border Patrol agents involved in the incident returned fire. As of Wednesday, investigators had not found the weapon used in the shooting, a U.S. law enforcement official said. Lanny Breuer, assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Justice Department, said earlier this week that investigators were at the scene. "Every time that a law enforcement person is either killed or shot or injured in the line of duty, we have to take a moment and think of our families and think of the heroes involved," Breuer said. Seven bodies found in western Mexico. CNN's Eduardo Aragon contributed to this report.
Cairo (CNN)ISIS has a new residency in Egypt, according to a YouTube message posted Sunday.|||In the audio message, the Sinai-based militant group Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, or ABM, allegedly announces its allegiance to ISIS, which calls itself the Islamic State. The roughly 10-minute clip blames tyrants and their "Jewish agents and their allies" for decades of Muslim suffering. The message also calls ISIS "the emergence of a new dawn." If verified, this would be a new, dangerous chapter for the deadliest group in Egypt. Since 2012, ABM's attacks have grown more daring and sophisticated. The group has killed hundreds of Egyptian police officers and soldiers. The largest attack was last month in the Sinai Peninsula, killing at least 31 soldiers. Analysts put the group's numbers at from the hundreds to roughly a thousand. While ABM's attacks, until now, have almost exclusively targeted the Egyptian government, there is growing fear that an association with ISIS could expand the threat to civilian and tourist sites. Egyptian security forces have been aggressively battling ABM since the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy in 2013. Numerous checkpoints dot northern Sinai to prevent the movement of weapons and fighters. The threat to security forces operating in this area is so severe that at times, a shoot-on-sight curfew goes into effect between Arish, the largest city in northern Sinai, and the Rafah border crossing with Gaza, according to security officials. After October's attack, the government authorized a three-month curfew for the northern part of the peninsula. Officials in Egypt blame Hamas in Gaza for aiding the militant group, an accusation Hamas denies. Recently, the government relocated more than a thousand families away from the border in a move to eliminate cover for any tunnels between Egypt and Gaza and to create a buffer zone. AMB initially gained a foothold by exploiting the long-entrenched mistrust between local Bedouins and Egyptian authorities. The state of fear created by ABM eventually started to alienate many of northern Sinai's residents.  ABM lost support after assassinating Bedouin leaders who disagreed with their practices and beheading men accused of being informants. Before ISIS' rise to power, ABM was often associated with al Qaeda. Similar messages on social media proclaimed the group's allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri, only later to be denied by the militant group. In an article in Atlantic Council by Zack Gold, he said there "appears to be an internal tussle in ABM over support for these international organizations." He also argued that if the militant group associates itself with ISIS or al Qaeda then it would lose its status as a "local hero" and become a "foreign agent." Association with ISIS could also further damage ABM's image with most Egyptians. Egypt relies heavily on tourism and any organization that threatens this source of income risks loss of support. Egyptian State website Ahram Online published an article that reported ABM denied any allegiance to ISIS. U.S. State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said the department will assess the issue. CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the audio message.
The military's equivalent of the Supreme Court overturned the conviction Wednesday of a Marine found guilty of murdering a civilian during the Iraq war, saying he was interrogated after asking for a lawyer.|||A court originally sentenced Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins III to 15 years in prison for the murder of 52-year-old Hashim Awad in April of 2006. Prosecutors said Hutchins, who led a Marine squad that dragged Awad from his home, shot him in the face several times and then placed a shovel and AK-47 near his body to make it appear he was an insurgent burying roadside bombs. Several other Marines were convicted in the attack but all served less than a year and a half behind bars. The United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces overturned Hutchins' convictions because the court members said investigators violated his Fifth Amendment rights. The court said Hutchins asked for legal counsel when first questioned by military investigators from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service. He was then placed in solitary confinement for a week before investigators asked to search his belongings. Hutchins consented to the search and also asked if he could tell his side of the story about what happened. This time, he waived his right to an attorney and wrote a detailed confession. The court ruled his conviction overturned because they said once Hutchins requested an attorney he could not be interrogated without one present unless he initiated contact with investigators with a desire to talk. The court said it was in fact the NCIS that re-initiated talks beginning with investigators' request to search his belongings. The Judge Advocate General's office, which prosecuted the case, could not be immediately reached for comment on any decision whether to re-try the case. New York murder conviction overturned, another draws scrutiny. Woman sentenced to death walks free, thanks to victim's grandson.
(CNN) -- The Okavango Delta is one of earth's remote places; it is not easy to get to, and it is quite wild. Independent travel there is not for the inexperienced or the faint-hearted.|||There are few roads and those that exist are difficult to drive and navigate and subject to flooding and other hazards; communications are spotty at best and locations are distantly apart. Winning and losing on Botswana's Okavango Delta. The vast majority of tourists fly into camps in the delta, many from the town of Maun, which is easily reached by scheduled airlines from Botswana's capital, Gaborone (Air Botswana), from Johannesburg, South Africa (South African Airways), from Windhoek, Namibia (Air Namibia), and from Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe. From Maun, a host of bush plane companies fly tourists to the camps and reserves, most of which, including Kwara, are privately owned and operated. Most tourists make their arrangements through organized tour companies, and there is no shortage of tour operators in southern Africa who can arrange an all-inclusive visit. More resourceful travelers can save money by making their own arrangements using the Internet to identify individual camps, and arranging transportation and accommodations directly through them. The camps vary from luxury suites to basic pup tents, and prices reflect the differences. Kwara Camp is mid- to upper range, offering heavy canvas tents on wood platforms with full beds and in-tent plumbed bathrooms, full board and a host of activities, including overland Jeep safaris, dugout canoe trips and motorboat journeys that are included in the basic price. Less expensive camps, such as Oddballs Camp, feature simple pup tents on platforms, but can be hundreds of dollars less expensive. Some camps are fenced to keep animals out at night, while others such as Kwara are not (if the sound of a two-ton elephant or hippopotamus tramping through the bushes right outside your window unnerves you, you might want to opt for a fenced camp). Botswana is deliberately expensive, as the government wishes to limit the number of tourists who visit Okavango to lessen environmental impact. Rates during high season (July-October) can be twice as high as during low season (November-June). Try going during low season, just before or after high season, to maximize wildlife viewing but minimize cost. For most upscale camps, plan on US $900-$1,600 per person, per night in high season, and a low of about $700 in low season. For mid-range camps, plan on about $700-$950 in high season, as low as $350 in low season. For basic camps, looks for rates as low as $340 per person, per night in high season and $240 in low season. Most rates are all-inclusive, including lodging, food and all safaris and other activities. Tourists on tighter budgets might want to consider camps in South Africa, although they tend to be less wild and more tourist-populated. Large animals including lion, zebra, hippopotamus, wildebeest, elephant and others are abundant in the Delta, and while it is thrilling to see them, tourists must always remember, this is not a zoo. The animals are wild. But as long as visitors follow a few simple rules, there is little danger.
(CNN) -- Some headlines are hailing her as the bravest woman in Mexico. Marisol Valles Garcia, all of 20 years old, says she's just tired of everyone being afraid.|||Valles Garcia, a criminology student, became the police chief this week of Praxedis G. Guerrero, one of the most violent municipalities in the border state of Chihuahua. She was the only person who accepted the top job in a police force whose officers have been abducted and even killed. "Yes, there is fear," Valles Garcia said Wednesday in an interview with CNN en Español. "It's like all human beings. There will always be fear, but what we want to achieve in our municipality is tranquility and security." There's good reason for the fear. Just this past weekend, a 59-year-old local mayor, Rito Grado Serrano, and his 37-year-old son, Rogoberto Grado Villa, were killed in a house in which they they were hiding in nearby Ciudad Juarez. Another area mayor was killed in June. Juarez is the bloodiest city in Mexico, with a reported 2,500 people killed in drug violence this year. Praxedis G. Guerrero is located about 35 miles southeast of Ciudad Juarez. Both are in the state of Chihuahua, which borders Texas. Nationwide, the federal government says, more than 28,000 people have lost their lives since Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels after taking office in December 2006. Valles Garcia sees a non-violent role for her 13-member force, which will be mostly female and unarmed. "The weapons we have are principles and values, which are the best weapons for prevention," she told CNN en Español. "Our work will be pure prevention. We are not going to be doing anything else other than prevention." Valles Garcia said she aims to establish programs in neighborhoods and schools, to win back security in public spaces and to foster greater cooperation among neighbors so they can form watch committees. She has recruited three other women to join the force in the small municipality of 8,500 people, the government-run Notimex news agency said this week. Valles Garcia said Wednesday she gladly accepted when Mayor Jose Luis Guerrero offered her the job. The first couple of days have gone smoothly, she said. "Truthfully, we have been very tranquil," she said. "The people have received us very well. They have even supported us. They say it's a great project and they will be with us 100 percent." Still, the notion of a largely female police force being helmed by a woman -- and a young one at that -- does not seem to sit well with some people in a country that still retains vestiges of machismo. "Are there no men in Chihuahua?" read a headline on a blog on the Periodista Digital website. But Valles Garcia believes what the job may need is a woman's touch. "We are simply going to talk with them, with the people, with the families, giving them confidence so they will quit being afraid, so they can leave their houses," she told CNN en Español. "We have hope that we are going to exchange fear for tranquility and security."
Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant experienced full meltdowns at three reactors in the wake of an earthquake and tsunami in March, the country's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters said Monday.|||The nuclear group's new evaluation, released Monday, goes further than previous statements in describing the extent of the damage caused by an earthquake and tsunami on March 11. The announcement will not change plans for how to stabilize the Fukushima Daiichi plant, the agency said. Reactors 1, 2 and 3 experienced a full meltdown, it said. The plant's owner, Tokyo Electric Power Co., admitted last month that nuclear fuel rods in reactors 2 and 3 probably melted during the first week of the nuclear crisis. It had already said fuel rods at the heart of reactor No. 1 melted almost completely in the first 16 hours after the disaster struck. The remnants of that core are now sitting in the bottom of the reactor pressure vessel at the heart of the unit and that vessel is now believed to be leaking. A "major part" of the fuel rods in reactor No. 2 may have melted and fallen to the bottom of the pressure vessel 101 hours after the earthquake and tsunami that crippled the plant, Tokyo Electric said May 24. The same thing happened within the first 60 hours at reactor No. 3, the company said, in what it called its worst-case scenario analysis, saying the fuel would be sitting at the bottom of the pressure vessel in each reactor building. But Tokyo Electric at the same time released a second possible scenario for reactors 2 and 3, one that estimated a full meltdown did not occur. In that scenario, the company estimated the fuel rods may have broken but may not have completely melted. Temperature data showed the two reactors had cooled substantially in the more than two months since the incident, Tokyo Electric said in May. The earthquake and tsunami knocked out cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi, causing the three operating reactors to overheat. That compounded a natural disaster by spewing radioactive material into the atmosphere. Tokyo Electric avoided using the term "meltdown," and says it was keeping the remnants of the core cool. But U.S. experts interviewed by CNN after the company's announcement in May said that while it may have been containing the situation, the damage had already been done. "On the basis of what they showed, if there's not fuel left in the core, I don't know what it is other than a complete meltdown," said Gary Was, a University of Michigan nuclear engineering professor and CNN consultant. And given the damage reported at the other units, "It's hard to imagine the scenarios can differ that much for those reactors." A massive hydrogen explosion -- a symptom of the reactor's overheating -- blew the roof off the No. 1 unit the day after the earthquake, and another hydrogen blast ripped apart the No. 3 reactor building two days later. A suspected hydrogen detonation within the No. 2 reactor is believed to have damaged that unit on March 15. CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa.|||Sheikh Mohammed is concerned the nuclear dispute with Iran  is deterring potential investors. As chief executive of the Economic Development Board, one of Sheikh Mohammed's main tasks is to ensure Bahrain stays ahead of its competitors. The government's pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the Kingdom's dependence on oil. But with crude prices near $100 a barrel, John Defterios asked whether the appetite for change had diminished. SM: The reforms are being done for aspirational reasons rather than necessity, so we are trying to enter the post-oil area because we want to. And therefore, because of this aspirational aspect, trying to get to as opposed to people pushing us somewhere we don't want to go. JD: How do you redefine Bahrain's role? Traditionally it's been a financial center, but you have Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Dubai even Abu Dhabi emerging in financial services. How you redefine it to sustain a lead? SM: The rising tide lifts a lot of places and as the region is booming and growing, financial services are growing throughout the region. Bahrain's strengths have been and will continue to be its human capital, the people that have led the financial sector and the long standing regulations that have been established in Bahrain. JD: Strategically and a geopolitical question here: the Crown Prince came out and declared what Iran's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy, and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the President of Iran to the country. What's the motivation here? SM: We feel that the distraction caused by the Iranian nuclear issue is holding investment back in the region as a whole, and increasing the security threat of the region. Nobody is debating the right to peaceful nuclear power, but we all have that need and we all need a peaceful resolution to this. JD: Historically, Iran has even made claims against Bahrain, what do you do now moving forward now? Do you bring Russia, China, the United States and the European Union closer together, in terms of where we should be going in the future? SM: We've resolved our historical issue with Iran, and we are well beyond that, but going forward... This is such a important issue affecting security worldwide, that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody. JD: Can the GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward? SM: Absolutely, I mean, the GCC is speaking with a unified voice. The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia came out with a proposal for providing nuclear fuel from an independent authority; this was completely backed from the GCC. We are all moving forward and are willing to play a beneficial role to resolve this issue. Meet the Sheikh:. Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is chief executive of the Economic Development Board, the organization responsible for stimulating and supporting growth of the Bahraini economy. He was appointed in June 2005, following 10 years working directly for His Highness Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa, Crown Prince, Commander-in-Chief of the Bahrain Defense Force and Chairman of the Economic Development Board. From 1995 to 1999, he was director of the Crown Prince's office. In 1999, he was appointed head of the court and also deputy head of the Crown Prince's International Scholarship Program. During this time, Sheikh Mohammed was heavily involved with the Crown Prince's initiatives to liberalize the telecommunications sector and with labor market and economic reforms. A keen motor sports enthusiast, Sheikh Mohammed was deputy board chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit and is a former vice president of the Bahrain Motor Club, now known as the Bahrain Motor Federation. Sheikh Mohammed, who is married with two sons and one daughter, was born on April 14, 1969. In 1992, he received a bachelor's degree in economic theory from the American University, Washington DC. Two years later, he received a post-graduate diploma in business studies from the London School of Economics. (source: Bahrain Economic Development Board) E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- Traffic was halted briefly Friday afternoon on the Bay Bridge -- between San Francisco and Oakland -- due to what the California Highway Patrol described as "police activity."|||Aerial video of the span at about 3 p.m. (6 p.m. ET) showed no vehicles moving and police cars blocking entrance ramps. "As SFPD work with CHP, please be patient," the California Highway Patrol, or CHP, tweeted, with SFPD referring to the San Francisco Police Department. "Traffic has been halted." About 15 minutes later, police officers led a wave of vehicles over the bridge -- suggesting that any concerns had been adequately addressed. California Highway Patrol acknowledged as much online, thanking travelers for their patience. Officer Michael Ferguson, from the patrol's Golden Gate division, explained later that a passerby had called in to report what looked like a suspicious item on the eastbound I-80 off-ramp toward Treasure Island. The gray cylinder was small, but clearly visible. "We get calls like this all the time, where an item or box is called in as suspicious," Ferguson said. "Usually, our officers pull up and are able to rule it out quickly. But in this case, it was suspicious." Authorities were able to collect and take the item, so that there was no chance it could pose a threat, the officer said.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistani armed forces have killed 80 militants since launching an assault on a region recently held by the Taliban, the military announced Sunday.|||Displaced people from Buner district flee the fighting. Three soldiers have been killed and eight wounded in the crackdown in the Buner district in the northwest of the country, the military statement said. The Pakistani offensive started in the province last Sunday, after Taliban militants moved into Buner, a move that alarmed U.S. and Pakistani officials. Pakistani security forces also killed at least 16 militants late Friday and early Saturday in the Mohmand district, in the country's volatile tribal region, the country's military said on Saturday. The incident appears to be separate from the hostilities in Buner. However, it reflects the tensions in the region and could signal a spread of fighting resulting from the crackdown. In the incident, about 100 militants attacked a Frontier Corps post in the Mohmand Agency, or district, an area where militants hold great sway. Troops returned fire and killed the 16 militants, the military said. Mohmand is in the country's Federally Administered Tribal Areas that border a volatile region in war-torn Afghanistan and Pakistan's North West Frontier Province. Earlier this year, Pakistan had entered into an agreement with militants, allowing them to enforce Islamic law, or sharia, in parts of Swat Valley in exchange for ceasing violence. The Swat Valley is a broader area that includes several provincial districts, including Chitral, Swat, Shangla, Malakand, Upper Dir, and Lower Dir. But Pakistani officials say the armed militants' advance into Buner district violated the agreement and briefly halted peace talks between the two sides in North West Frontier Province. Representatives from Pakistan's government and the Taliban restarted their negotiations on Friday and were planning to have another session soon, a provincial spokesman said. The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan. As a result, the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan, which have rankled relations between the two countries.
Las Vegas, Nevada (CNN) -- It's not just t-t-t-telephones for Lady Gaga.|||The mega-famous pop star came to the Consumer Electronics Show on Thursday to announce a new line of cameras and photo printers with Polaroid, where she is officially the "creative director." Polaroid "really let me put my hands in there and design this s--- myself," she said. Polaroid's Grey Label product line, which isn't available yet, will feature sunglasses with a camera embedded in them, a camera that shoots digital and Polaroid images and a portable photo printer that Gaga says she takes to bars with her -- in her purse. "I suppose many of you are nerdy enough to carry around a mobile printer," she said, acknowledging the technophiles in attendance. "I know I will." Wearing sunglasses, a black dress and a dark veil, Gaga looked somewhat like Jackie O at a funeral as she took a picture of the audience and printed it on the new Polaroid printer, which creates 3-by-4-inch images that look like classic Polaroids. Video: Watch Lady Gaga introduce camera-equipped sunglasses. "Smile! You're so f---ing famous!" she said, snapping the shot. "Oh no, wait, I just took a photo of Canon. Let me go back." The presentation took place at Polaroid's booth on the trade show floor at CES. Canon -- a competitor -- had a booth and large ads set up within view. The Polaroid GL20 image-capturing sunglasses, which are a protoype, store photos on a chip in the earpiece of the glasses. Lady Gaga said she had a heavy hand in designing the frames, which sat on a gold mannequin during the short presentation. The over-size glasses covered a good half of the mannequin's face, coming almost down to its lips. "You can come to one of my shows and wear them," she said. "Take pictures of me dancing on stage." The GL10 printer, available for $150 in March, connects to phones via Bluetooth, allowing for on-the-go prints. (It doesn't work yet for the iPhone, a fact that, when revealed by Gaga, got boos and cheers from the audience). What CES devices interest you the most? Share your thoughts. The GL30 camera, which will be out by the holiday season, takes both digital and Polaroid prints. A future version will connect to the internet so the shots can be uploaded to social media sites. This version does not, she said. "I think it's sexy, it's sleek and it's hearty," she said. "It's not heavy but it feels good in your hand." In working on the Gray Label line, Lady Gaga said Polaroid asked her what she thought the camera of the future would be. "This is!" she recalls responding, holding up her BlackBerry. The new printer is intended to cater to this cell-phone-photo crowd. But many websites and apps now convert smartphone photos with filters, making them look like old-school Polaroids or like they've been taken with toy cameras. Those can be printed on any other available photo printer, although not always on-the-go. Some techie attendees at CES waited more than an hour to see Lady Gaga's announcement, and at least a few started to grow restless when she took the stage more than 40 minutes late. While some of them booed the empty stage, others stood anxiously, holding their cell phone-cameras in the air for minutes at a time. But Gaga wasn't first to take the stage. That was Polaroid Chairman Bobby Sager, who was greeted by boos from the audience. He didn't seem to mind. "This will be very quick because I know you don't want to listen to me," he said.
Beijing, China (CNN)  -- President Obama intends to meet the Dalai Lama even though China has warned that such a meeting would harm bilateral ties, a White House spokesman said Tuesday.|||"The president told China's leaders during his trip last year that he would meet with the Dalai Lama, and he intends to do so," Bill Burton told reporters covering Obama's planned town hall meeting in New Hampshire later Tuesday. No date for Obama's meeting with the Tibetan spiritual leader has been announced. The Dalai Lama has speaking engagements scheduled in the United States in late February and in May. Earlier Tuesday, China warned that ties between two of the world's superpowers would be strained if Obama met with the Dalai Lama. "It will seriously undermine the foundation of Sino-U.S. political relations," said Zhu Weiqun, a Communist Party official who is in charge of talks with representatives of the Dalai Lama. "We will take corresponding action to make relevant countries see their mistakes." Zhu issued his warning during a news conference to discuss the lack of progress made during five days of talks between China and the Dalai Lama's representatives. Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of advocating for Tibetan independence from China. "The two sides had sharply divided views," Zhu said. "We have been accustomed to such clash of viewpoints. It's been the norm rather than the exception." In explaining Obama's intention to hold the meeting, Burton said the Dalai Lama "is an internationally respected religious and cultural leader, and the president will meet with him in that capacity. "As the president has expressed, we expect that our relationship with China is mature enough where we can work out issues of mutual concerns -- such as climate, the global economy and nonproliferation -- and discuss frankly and candidly those issues where we disagree," Burton said. "The president is committed to building a positive, comprehensive and cooperative relationship with China." Tibet is technically autonomous from the central Chinese government, but the Dalai Lama and others have said they favor genuine autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese, the most numerous ethnic group in China. Zhu said there would be no compromise on China's control of Tibet. Representatives from the two sides have met eight other times, but have reached no consensus on the issue of autonomy. The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule. He lives in exile in the north Indian hill town of Dharamsala. Burton said the United States "considers Tibet to be a part of China, and we have human rights concerns about the treatment of Tibetans." "We urge the government of China to protect the unique cultural and religious traditions of Tibet," he said. CNN's Jaime Florcruz and Helena Hong contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- With a parade of performers already canceling appearances at SeaWorld, now at least one school class says it's dropping a long-scheduled trip to the park over concerns about the treatment of whales as shown in the documentary "Blackfish."|||The overnight trip to SeaWorld has been a tradition for fifth-graders at Point Dume Marine Science Elementary School in Malibu, California, for at least a decade, according to Principal Rebecca Johnson, but concerns from parents and students including one determined 10-year-old prompted a decision to go elsewhere on this year's trip. Although Johnson mostly credited parents for influencing the change, several parents CNN spoke with said 10-year-old Kirra Kotler played a major role in the decision. The girl watched the film "Blackfish" with her parents and immediately afterward announced, "I never want to go to SeaWorld again," according to her father, Kirby Kotler. The Kotler family had taken trips to SeaWorld several times, he said. Kirby, 50, who attended Point Dume the year it first opened, said the entire family was affected by the film but Kirra became especially determined. "She's always said she's going to be a veterinarian," Kirby said. "She's very passionate about animals." 'Blackfish': A chilling doc on captive killer whales. A SeaWorld spokesman told CNN by e-mail that Point Dume "is the only instance of a camp cancellation that we've experienced." Dave Koontz, SeaWorld's communications director, also wrote that the theme park believes "Blackfish" is misleading and inaccurate. "It's disappointing that this year's class (from Point Dume) will not be participating because of the film," he wrote. "Blackfish" -- which first aired on CNN in October -- traces a 39-year history of killer whales in captivity leading up to the 2010 killing of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by the 12,000-pound orca, Tilikum, a whale previously associated with the death of two other people. At least seven entertainers and groups, from the Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies to country music singer Martina McBride, have canceled appearances at SeaWorld in the wake of "Blackfish." After seeing the film, Kirra Kirby wanted to share it with her friends, her father said. She was determined to get the school to consider other options for the annual trip. 'Blackfish' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks. "She's very shy," Kirby said of his daughter. "But she finally found her voice." Kirby said Kirra launched a word-of-mouth to campaign for the change, in some cases receiving backlash from fellow students who thought she was trying to cancel their overnight trip entirely instead of just changing the destination. Principal Johnson said she is in the process of verifying details for a new trip. Willie Nelson: 'What they do at SeaWorld is not OK'
(CNN) -- Somewhere out there, a lucky person -- or two -- may be walking around with a ticket to easy street in his or her pocket, purse or sock drawer.|||The Powerball numbers are out. Time to check and see if you made the lucky pick that will change your life forever. That would be:. 58, 5, 25, 59, 30 ... and Powerball number 32. If you bought a ticket, your chances of cracking Wednesday night's $448 million Powerball jackpot are 1 in 175 million. But who cares about odds, when you've actually won almost the equivalent of the net worth of Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods? (According to Forbes Magazine.) The size of U.S. lottery jackpots are growing, with almost no end in sight. "You could see maybe in the next several years ... an elusive billion-dollar jackpot," said Victor Matheson, economics professor at College of the Holy Cross in Massachusetts. If no one has the winning combo, the prize will be an estimated $600 million for Saturday's drawing, according to the Multi-State Lottery Association. Powerball is played in 43 states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands. A single ticket costs $2. The largest lottery jackpot in U.S. history was $656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012. That was split among three tickets sold in Illinois, Kansas and Maryland. In case you do win it all Wednesday night, a $245 million lump sum can give you some choices. How about nearly 100 high-speed Bugatti Veyrons? You can run away from all those relatives and friends asking for a loan. CNN's Tom Foreman contributed to this report.
Around this time each year, as I prepare for Mobile World Congress, I anticipate the flood of new and exciting innovations that will be announced, the inspiring people I'll be meeting and the general buzz around mobile on a global scale. I also hope that I will see more women in attendance at the show.|||It's no secret that the technology sector currently has a dearth of women in the workforce. There has already been considerable discussion and research about the fact that girls are not choosing to study STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) subjects, how a divide exists between men and women with access to the Internet, how much GDP could increase if the number of digital jobs held by women was on a par with men...the list goes on. Clearly we need more women working in the mobile and ICT industry, and more women getting connected by mobile. In other words, we are calling for more mobile women -- empowered by mobile and upwardly mobile as a result. Making women aware of the many opportunities enabled by mobile -- and holding challenging and well-remunerated positions -- is a passion of mine. I always knew I wanted to work in an exciting and innovative industry. I recognized that computer science and telecoms were burgeoning sectors, and I pursued them knowing that this unchartered territory would be rife with opportunities. Even at the start of my career, I had a desire to make a difference in an environment that was constantly evolving and pioneering. Two decades later, the industry is still just as exciting. However, while new generations of women are increasingly embracing technology in their everyday lives, they may not realize just how dynamic it is to work in mobile and ICT. I will dispel the myth now: hardly anyone I know who works in technology is a "geek" who sits glued to their computer screen for 20 hours a day. Of course there are enormous opportunities for people with deep technological skills, but there are just as many for people who want to support the full potential of mobile, whether it's creating connected cars, advancing mobile commerce, or even designing the master plan for a smart city. There are opportunities to do almost anything. In fact, women in the ICT industry earn almost 9% more than those in other parts of the economy. Yet they constitute only 30% of the ICT workforce in Europe, and also often leave the industry early, missing out on the chance to get to the top. We need to make women in mobile and ICT the norm rather than the exception -- and also encourage those that are on the path not to abandon it. So how do we attract and retain more mobile women? Motivating women to work in the mobile industry needs to start from the ground up, ensuring they are given the opportunities and guidance to pursue STEM subjects in the first place, provided with practical experience like internships in the field, and also inspired by the potential of mobile to change people's lives. Many women in developing nations become mobile through ownership of their first mobile phone. The positive impact that mobile has on everyday life is perhaps felt most strongly in these markets, where mobile services provide critical connectivity, life-enhancing access to education and healthcare, and empowerment through entrepreneurship. The transformative power of mobile for women was clearly demonstrated when Iraqi operator Asiacell launched a line of products and services to target the needs of women, who at the time comprised only 20% of their subscribers. The result? Less than three years later, Asiacell has increased its female customer base to 40%, enriching the lives of nearly two million Iraqi women who are now connected and empowered with more social and financial independence. We know that regardless of their locality or social strata, the positive effect of more mobile women around the world can transcend the industry and have much wider socioeconomic benefits. So as we collectively strive to connect the next one billion users and stimulate the positive change that the mobile Internet brings, we must ensure that women will be included in this upsurge. To do this, we need to address the entire mobile ecosystem. It starts with mobilizing the stakeholders involved -- policymakers and educators, mobile operators, manufacturers, and suppliers -- and extends to women themselves recognizing the myriad opportunities for their talents in the mobile and ICT industry. As I look back on many industry events where I addressed and interacted with a large number of male colleagues, I look forward to many more where I'll be just one of many involved, dynamic, mobile women. Read more: 10 most powerful women in tech Read more: Google's quest to get more women in tech.
As President Barack Obama channels his inner salesman to pitch military action in Syria, he shouldn't be surprised when he finds a number of congressional doors already closed.|||One common refrain from those who plan to vote against the resolution to authorize military action in Syria is they simply can't support a proposal that their constituents vociferously oppose. "Both in terms of the percentage opposed -- I would have to say it is by far the single biggest issue we have seen," said Rep. Steve Daines, a Republican from Montana. Daines represents all of Montana -- he is an "at large" member -- and he said that during the August recess he put 3,000 miles on his truck, crisscrossing the state and attending events that put him in close conversations with his constituents. At coffee hours, town halls, and meet and greets all over the state, Daines found that the sentiment was overwhelming: "I am hearing from the people of Montana. They are telling me we should not be involved." "It is called the people's house for a reason," Daines concluded. "We are here to express the voice of the people. This is an example of where Congress, hopefully, will express the will of the American people." The number of "no" votes in Congress continues to grow, while lawmakers planning to vote "yes" are becoming an even smaller minority, according to CNN's latest vote count. There are currently 148 House members prepared to vote against Obama's call for military action -- with 30 Democrats joining 118 Republicans in their opposition. That overall number of "no" votes has grown from 109 on Friday. In order to win passage of the authorization, Obama will have to persuade 270 members to vote "yes" -- a heavy lift, considering there are currently only 25 members who say they plan to vote "yes" on military action, 17 Democrats and eight Republicans. The number of "yes" votes has only increased by two since Friday. A CNN/ORC International poll released Monday shows that even though eight in 10 Americans believe that Bashar al-Assad's regime gassed its own people, a strong majority don't want Congress to pass a resolution authorizing a military strike against it. Since Obama unexpectedly asked Congress in August to authorize military action in Syria, polls have found that Americans are opposed to such action. The Senate has been more receptive than the House to Obama's authorization request. There are currently 25 "yes" and 23 "no" votes in the Senate, with a significant 52 senators undecided. But the trend favors the "no" votes -- with a handful of moderate Democrats in the last three days coming out against the proposal. "After doing my due diligence, I believe we need an alternative path forward in dealing with the Assad regime," said Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota in a statement. "We must balance the legitimate concerns that Americans have about the use of military force with our strategic interests." Other Democratic senators echoed Heitkamp: Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Mark Begich of Alaska. Pryor issued a statement Saturday saying Obama and his national security team had not yet made an effective case for taking action against al-Assad's regime and laying out the criteria that had to be met in order for him to support military action in Syria. "Based on the information presented to me and the evidence I have gathered, I do not believe these criteria have been met," Pryor said. Begich told people on a telephone town hall last week that he was a "probable no" on Syrian authorization. "This has probably been the No. 1 issue, especially in the last week, that Alaskans have been contacting my office, as well as when I was back home for the last month," Begich said. Because of the possibility of a filibuster, Obama and supporters need 60 votes in the Senate to win passage. Despite the vocal opposition and light support, majorities in both the House and Senate remain undecided on the proposal, and the White House is putting on the hard sell to court those possible "yes" votes. The Senate is expected to take up the resolution after returning from its month-long summer recess Monday. White House officials will travel to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to try to make their case with lawmakers, hours before Obama addresses the nation in a prime-time speech.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A court in Hong Kong has ruled that a British banker charged with the grisly murder of two Indonesian women is psychologically fit to enter a plea on both counts.|||However, the case has been adjourned until July next year to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and DNA evidence to be analyzed. Rurik Jutting has been in custody since November 1 following the discovery of the bodies of the two women at his home in an upscale residential complex in the city's Wan Chai district. His last court appearance on November 10 was adjourned after prosecutors requested psychological assessments of the former employee of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Jutting, who has yet to enter a plea, appeared in court Monday unshaven and wearing the same dark sunglasses. He spoke only once to confirm that he understood what was happening. Body in suitcase. The 29 year old is accused of killing Sumarti Ningsih, 25, whose decomposing body was discovered inside a suitcase on the balcony of his high-rise apartment. The other woman, Seneng Mujiasih, 29, was found on the floor of the one-bedroom apartment with her throat slashed. Police say Jutting called them to the apartment early on November 1. They say Mujiasih had been killed that day, and Ningsih five days earlier. The principal magistrate, Ms Bina Chainrai, ruled that Jutting would remain in custody until the hearings resume on July 6. The defense had questioned the length of the latest adjournment, but prosecutors pointed out that the government's forensics department estimated a 28-week period for sifting through the body of evidence. The bodies of the two victims have since been flown back to Indonesia for burial. Sumarti's father has called for his daughter's killer to be executed, but Hong Kong doesn't impose the death penalty. CNN's Vivian Kam, Jonathan Stayton and Andrew Stevens in Hong Kong contributed to this report.
(WIred) -- Have you been wondering if that new 4G smartphone you purchased is really getting 4G speeds? Wonder no longer.|||RootMetrics performed an extensive study to determine how each network's 4G speeds are holding up to their claims. The testing was performed across the Seattle area. Their findings showed that Verizon's LTE network performed at a 100 percent data-success rate. Its average data speeds were between four and 14.5 times faster than competitors, and average upload speeds were between 4.7 and 49.3 times faster. The phone models tested included the HTC Thunderbolt (Verizon), HTC Inspire (AT&T), HTC Evo (Sprint) and Samsung Galaxy S (T-Mobile). RootMetrics' CEO Paul Griff said that the smartphone model and its hardware had very little to do with 4G performance -- that performance is almost all network related. Wired has previously broken down what each carrier means by 4G, and what speeds should be expected from each service. Verizon's LTE network promises speeds of 5-12 Mbps down and 1-5 Mbps up; AT&T's HSPA+ network should provide 6 Mbps down (and they plan to upgrade to LTE in 2011); Sprint's WiMax technology promises an average of 3-6 Mbps down and 0.6-1.4 Mbps up; and T-Mobile's HSPA+ is supposed to provide 5-10 Mbps down. AT&T has reportedly been capping 4G speeds on Android handsets, but this has not been definitively verified. Over in Oakland, California, the folks at TechnoBuffalo decided to perform a 4G speed test of their own using the HTC Inspire and Thunderbolt. Using SpeedTest.net's services and the phones' Wi-Fi hotspot modes, they discovered median speeds of 8.85 Mbps down and 3.68 up on Verizon's LTE network, and 2.16 Mbps down and .16 up on AT&T's HSPA+ service -- on par with RootMetrics' results. RootMetrics was careful to point out that merely achieving high data speeds doesn't mean much unless it happens on a regular basis, though. It found that Verizon's 4G download speeds were greater than 10 Mbps about 90 percent of the time, and their upload speeds were between 5 and 10 Mbps 100 percent of the time. And Verizon's average upload speeds were faster than every other carrier's average download speeds by 37 percent. A graph of how often each 4G service achieved a certain range of download speeds (from 0-500 Kbps to greater than 10 Mbps) shows Verizon dominating the high end, AT&T spending most of its time in the lower half, and Sprint and T-Mobile's services ranging widely throughout. How will AT&T and T-Mobile's recently announced merger affect their 4G services? That's yet to be seen. "Our results stand alone and provide interesting context around consumer data experience for both carrier's networks in the Seattle area," said a representative from RootMetrics. Until it is known how and if the two carriers will combine their networks, it's difficult to say how the merger will affect their future 4G service. But it's safe to say, unless it's LTE, it won't hold a candle to Verizon's network. Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2010 Wired.com.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The United Nations has established more than a thousand health clinics across Pakistan in the wake of widespread flooding, a U.N. official said.|||"Almost 1,200 mobile health clinics are operating across Pakistan," said Maurizio Giuliano with the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. "For many people, this is the only way to receive health care." Water-borne illnesses from contaminated flood waters have erupted nationwide. At least 1 million Pakistanis have crippling diarrhea or respiratory infections. About 65,000 cases of malaria have been reported. "More than 2 million people have received health care through this system, especially for diarrhea diseases, acute respiratory infections, skin and eye disease," he said. "These clinics reach even the remotest areas with teams sometimes walking for six hours and carrying 20 kilograms [44 pounds] of medical supplies on their backs." The death toll in the country has climbed to 1,738, the Pakistan Disaster Authority said over the weekend. Officials said last week that 17 million have been affected nationwide. The death toll is expected to rise significantly as flood waters continue to recede and more bodies surface. Pakistani flood victims face perilous journey home. On Friday, U.S. President Barack Obama issued a presidential order authorizing emergency funds to Pakistan's flood victims, the White House said. The president said the use of the Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund was in the United States' interest. Up to $33 million can go toward the country's crisis. The United Nations warned that a crisis is building in the eastern province of Balochistan, where nearly 2 million people are affected. There is a "humanitarian tragedy" with immediate threats of water-borne diseases and food shortages, said Mengeshe Kebede, the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees' representative to Pakistan. "We need to scale up our activities in the province, or else I think we are heading for a major humanitarian disaster there," Kebede said. "I have worked in humanitarian situations globally, and worked in refugee camps in Africa during emergencies, but to be honest I had never seen a situation as devastating as I saw in Balochistan," he said. CNN's Samson Desta contributed to this story.
(Mashable.com) -- You can't block CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook.|||Try it. You'll get an error message that says, "General Block failed error: Block failed." We don't know whether it's a bug or an intentional inside joke, but Facebook's developers have created jokes and pranks in the past, so we wouldn't put it past them. Of course, we're also not sure why you'd want to block him; it's not likely that he's spamming your wall with unwanted FarmVille invitations. Nevertheless, there's a website called Block Zuck that acts as a sort of catharsis for people fed up with some of Facebook's recent choices, such as allowing your friends to location-tag you in Facebook Places by default with no confirmation from you. Maybe you'll want to block Zuckerberg after you see the fictionalization of his early years at Facebook in the upcoming movie "The Social Network" just for the principle of the thing. Or maybe you'll just laugh a little at this easter egg or bug and move on with your life. Either way, you can verify this by going to Zuckerberg's Facebook profile, scrolling down near the button of the left panel and clicking "Report/Block this person," then checking "Block this person" and clicking "Submit." Assuming this isn't just a bug, is it a funny easter egg, or a joke in bad taste? Let us know in the comments. © 2013 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Students at a university in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou were given a scare last week, after dozens of snakes invaded the campus.|||The Guangzhou Daily reported Monday that animal control experts had caught around 40 live snakes on Saturday after a number of the reptiles were spotted writhing along a road in Guangzhou University City. Around 60 snakes were also found dead, most squashed by traffic. "On the way to the library I saw a green snake lying on the road in the sun, about 50 cm long," the newspaper quoted one student as writing on Sina Weibo, China's version of Twitter. A student from South China Normal University, one of a number of institutions with colleges on the island campus, told her friends to be careful after finding about 60 snakes -- some run over by cars and other lurking in the grass. An official at Sun Yat-Sen University contacted by CNN confirmed that snakes had been found but said they did not know any details. Zhang Liang, from the South China Institute of Endangered Animals, identified the snakes as chequered keelbacks, a common species in the region, and said they were not poisonous. "This kind of snake likes the sun. It's timid and will not hurt people," he said. If they came across a snake, he said that students should call the city's wild animal protection bureau and not poke or try to catch it. Zhang said he suspected that the snakes had been released deliberately. Most of the captured snakes had bite marks on their bodies, suggesting they had been kept in a confined space. The snake invasion was not a signifier of an earthquake or other natural disaster, he cautioned, after students described the incident as an apocalyptic sign. CNN's Zhang Dayu and Stephanie Ma in Beijing contributed to this report.
Rome (CNN) -- The Vatican sought Saturday to tamp down rumors involving sex, money and gay priests that have been swirling in the Italian media and have been linked by some to Pope Benedict XVI's decision to resign.|||The strongly-worded denial came on the eve of the pope's last Angelus blessing, expected to draw huge crowds of the faithful, before he stands down on Thursday. Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone said it was "deplorable" that as the time for the Roman Catholic cardinals to elect a new pope approaches, a rash of "often unverified, unverifiable or completely false news stories" has appeared. Such unfounded stories "cause serious damage to persons and institutions," he said, and are an attempt to influence the cardinals' free will in the election "through public opinion." Opinion: There's more to the Catholic Church than the pope. Bertone did not address the specific claims that were first published in La Repubblica, the country's largest circulation daily newspaper, on Thursday and Friday. The newspaper stories center on an investigation last year by three cardinals into a scandal involving leaks from the Vatican. La Repubblica, citing unnamed sources familiar with the investigation, alleged that the investigation revealed a series of scandals involving sex, money and power that touch cardinals, priests and lay people that work in the Vatican. Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi declined to comment on La Repubblica's article in a media briefing on Thursday. CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen, also a correspondent with the National Catholic Reporter, suggested in a piece written Friday that unsourced speculation about a shadowy "gay lobby" within the Vatican should be taken with a grain of salt. But, he said, while he doesn't know for sure if the three cardinals did investigate networks based on sexual orientation, "frankly, it would be a little surprising if they hadn't" -- given past scandals that have become public concerning clergy involved in homosexual activities. The pope may well have been worn down by the "cumulative impact of the various meltdowns over the last eight years," Allen said. "However," he added, "it's probably a stretch to draw a straight line between all of this and Benedict's resignation. For the most part, one has to take the pope at his word: He's stepping aside because he's old and tired, not because of any particular crisis." The pontiff will leave office at 8 p.m. on February 28, two-and-a-half weeks after he shocked the Roman Catholic world by announcing his resignation. The Vatican has said a new pope will be in place for the Church's Easter celebrations on March 31. Benedict on Saturday concluded a week-long spiritual retreat, held to mark the Lenten period. Addressing the clergy who had joined him, he thanked them "not only for this week, but for these past eight years that you have carried with me -- with great skill, affection, love and faith -- the weight of the Petrine ministry," referring to the papacy. Benedict also met with Italian President Giorgio Napolitano on Saturday, an encounter described by the Vatican as "particularly warm and cordial." Facts about Pope Benedict XVI. The pontiff is considering changing the Vatican constitution to allow a vote for his successor to begin before March 15, Lombardi said Wednesday. Existing rules say the Roman Catholic Church's cardinals should start voting on a replacement from 15 to 20 days after the papal throne becomes vacant. With Benedict due to depart on February 28, the cardinals' conclave ordinarily would start no sooner than March 15. But Lombardi has said that because Benedict was leaving the papacy through resignation rather than death, the Vatican would explore the possibility of selecting a new pope sooner than normally prescribed. The so-called "Vatileaks" scandal last year led to the pope's butler, Paolo Gabriele, being convicted on charges of leaking private papers from the Vatican in a high-profile trial and sentenced to 18 months in prison. Although Gabriele was pardoned weeks later by the pope, the whole affair -- which revealed claims of corruption in the church's hierarchy -- was damaging to the Vatican's reputation. The latest media allegations, despite the strenuous Vatican denials, may add to the pressure for reform. CNN's Hada Messia and Ben Wedeman reported from Rome, and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London.
(CNN)  -- What do they have to be ashamed of?|||Several years ago, I caught one of my kids sneaking out of the house. Like any mom, I was more than a little mad and demanded an explanation. "But Mom, I wasn't doing anything wrong -- I was just hanging out with my friends," was the response I got, but I knew better. The truth is that if you don't have anything to be ashamed of, you have no reason to be sneaking around. This election season, special interests are sneaking around trying to influence voters by funding the attack ads you see on TV. With the help of a recent court ruling, they can do it all anonymously. It's hard not to think it's because they have something to be ashamed of. In January, the Supreme Court gave corporations, unions and special interest groups the power to influence elections in an unlimited and anonymous way.  In an unprecedented move, the court, the same majority who decried an activist court when they were nominees, legislated from the bench and overturned years of previous case law, striking down longstanding limitations on campaign spending from special interests in the case of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. Before Citizens United, corporations and unions could not spend money to run ads expressly advocating one candidate over another. Now they can. But what is worse, they can anonymously donate millions of dollars to "nonprofit" groups, which buy the ads without having to disclose who truly paid for them. The ruling essentially opened the barn door to anonymous, unlimited corporate donations to sway voters. Americans have a lot to be frustrated about right now with our economy, and I know many are anxiously awaiting their opportunity to weigh in on the country's future by voting on November 2. The idea that special interests are trying to secretly buy this election should make their blood boil. Although every member of Congress should be trying to stop this, that is not the case. Republicans have blocked legislation that would help bring these donors to light. A bill offered by Sen. Chuck Schumer, which I co-sponsored, would have forced corporations and unions that want to spend money on campaign ads to be transparent with the public about their political contributions and their donors, while also banning political spending from foreign entities. But each time the bill has received a vote, Republicans have made sure it failed. This bill wouldn't favor one side or the other: From the most conservative groups to the most liberal, any special interest group spending money on campaign ads would have to be honest about where their funding comes from so voters know whose interest they really represent. Republicans spend a lot of time decrying activist court decisions, yet when it comes to overturning campaign limits and disclosure rules for special interests, they seem to have changed their minds. The reality is that special interests are trying to buy our government this cycle, and Republicans think that's OK. Well, I don't. My position is simple: If you are for someone or something, you should be willing to say it out loud. The voters deserve to know. Right now, these shadowy organizations are refusing to produce a list of their donors, and that's something voters need to consider in November. My rule of thumb is, if I can't find out who's paying for the ad, I don't believe it. When my teenager tried to pull a fast one on me, I said if you're not willing to own up to it, how do I know you're not doing something wrong? This election cycle, special interests are trying to get away with buying this election without being held accountable. Until they are more forthcoming with where the money is coming from, how can voters believe a word they say? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Claire McCaskill.
A hearing on the finances of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will be held Thursday in connection with a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of the man he is accused of killing, according to court documents.|||The lawsuit, filed Monday in a Massachusetts state court, claims Hernandez "maliciously, willfully, wantonly, recklessly or by gross negligence" caused the death of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez, 24, has pleaded not guilty to a charge of first-degree murder in the June shooting of Lloyd, 27, a Boston area semipro football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez's girlfriend. Prosecutors told CNN that Hernandez allegedly planned and carried out the slaying: Lloyd was shot five times with a semi-automatic .45-caliber handgun. A grand jury investigating allegations of gun trafficking against Hernandez is the same one that handed up the murder charge, a source told CNN in October. The victim's estate is seeking unspecified "compensation for the conscious pain and suffering endured by Odin Lloyd." Hernandez had a NFL contract worth nearly $40 million, but it was terminated when he was charged with the slaying and firearm offenses. Lloyd's family also seeks a court order prohibiting the Patriots from paying Hernandez more than $3 million he is apparently owed from his contract. An attorney for Hernandez did not immediately return a message left Wednesday by CNN. The attorney representing Lloyd's family did not respond to calls for comment. Lloyd's sister declined comment. Hernandez is named in another civil suit. A witness that sources have described as Hernandez's "muscle man" said he was with the ex-Patriot the night of a 2012 Boston double homicide. Police have said that the homicide may be linked to Hernandez, according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation. That witness, Alexander Bradley, has filed a civil lawsuit accusing Hernandez of shooting him in the face during an argument after they left a Florida strip club in February. Bradley lost sight in one eye because of the shooting, according to the lawsuit.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Ida moved into the southern Gulf of Mexico Sunday, prompting a declaration of emergency in Louisiana and concern along the U.S. Gulf Coast.|||The storm regained hurricane intensity overnight Saturday, becoming a Category 2 hurricane, but forecasters said it is expected to weaken as it moves north. Ida drenched Nicaragua after making landfall last week as a Category 1 hurricane, then weakened to a tropical storm before resuming strength. In El Salvador, at least 91 people died in flooding and mudslides, according to the government, but a low-pressure system out of the Pacific -- not Hurricane Ida -- triggered the disaster, forecaster Robby Berg of the National Hurricane Center said Sunday. A hurricane warning, meaning hurricane conditions are possible within 24 hours, extends from Pascagoula, Mississippi to Indian Pass, Florida, forecasters said. From Grande Isle, Louisiana, to west of Pascagoula, Mississippi, a tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch are in effect. This area includes New Orleans, which the center earlier excluded from the watch, and Lake Pontchartrain, the hurricane center said. In anticipation of the storm's arrival, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency Sunday afternoon. Hurricane Ida "threatens the safety and security of those citizens" along the state's southeast coastline, he wrote in the declaration. The declaration gives the director of the governor's office of emergency preparedness authority "to undertake any activity authorized by law which he deems necessary and appropriate" to prepare for the possibility of a hurricane. Track Ida's progress, potential path. Alabama's Baldwin County commission urged that residents living in mobile homes, coastal communities or low-lying, flood-prone areas voluntarily evacuate. The county is under a local state of emergency and opened a shelter, according to a Sunday night statement from the county commission. As of 10 p.m. ET Sunday, Ida had maximum sustained winds near 105 mph (165 km/hr) with higher gusts. But the storm was expected to weaken on Monday and possibly begin losing tropical characteristics on Tuesday, the hurricane center said. The center of Ida was located about 400 miles (645 km) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River, forecasters said. It was moving north-northwest at nearly 14 mph (22 km/hr) and was expected to increase in speed. The storm was expected to be near coastal areas of the northern Gulf by Monday night or early Tuesday, the hurricane center said. As Ida moves in the Gulf of Mexico, conditions are expected to be unfavorable for any additional development, said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen. Ida is expected to weaken because of a combination of wind shear, cooler water temperatures and the storm's interaction with a strong frontal system pushing off the Gulf Coast, he said. But Ida is forecast to remain a hurricane as it moves in the northern Gulf toward the U.S. coast, the center said. Florida's Division of Emergency Management asked residents to have disaster plans in place. "Whether Ida maintains a storm or loses tropical characteristics, the Florida Gulf Coast region has the potential to see several inches of rain, strong winds, isolated tornadoes and dangerous surf and coastal flooding beginning Monday evening and continuing into Wednesday," the office said in a statement. The area stretching from Indian Pass, Florida, to Aucilla River, Florida, is also under a tropical storm warning. Tropical storm conditions are possible within 24 hours, the center said. Ida could drop between 1 and 3 inches of rain on portions of western Cuba, with isolated amounts of 8 inches possible in some spots, forecasters said. The central and eastern areas of the Gulf Coast northward to eastern Tennessee Valley and southern Appalachian Mountains could see 3 to 5 inches of rain with some areas getting as much as 8 inches, the center said. Ida is the Atlantic region's ninth named storm. The Atlantic hurricane season ends November 30. CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras and journalist Merlin Delcid in El Salvador contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- While he fell short of bluntly saying, "I told you so," Alexei Miller, arguably Russia's most powerful energy executive, warned the West that it may not be able to count on Mideast and North African energy supplies as it once did.|||Coming from Miller, the chief of Russian energy giant Gazprom, it was a not-too-subtle nudge that global importers of energy, especially Europe, should invest more in Russian oil and gas capacity. "The question about the reliability of gas deliveries from North Africa to Europe should be more critically examined than it is currently." said Miller in comments to NTV, a Gazprom-owned Russian broadcaster. Gazprom told CNN its executives were not available to further clarify his comments. However, Gazprom has been one of many Russian energy companies trying to attract more foreign investment to further exploit its vast and proven oil and gas reserves. "Perhaps Russia is trying to issue some friendly advice (to the West) that maybe it's time to diversify our sources of energy. It is good for Russia for it's certainly in a position to do more." said Liam Halligan, chief economist of Prosperity Capital in London. According to U.S. government statistics, Russia is the world's largest oil producer and second-largest exporter after Saudi Arabia. But the timely, if opportunistic, warning darkened an already jittery mood among energy analysts as some now discussed the possibility of an oil "superspike" that could fuel a commodities crisis in the months to come. How high could oil go? While industry insiders agree a spike of $200 a barrel is unlikely, many are now unwilling to rule out that kind of a price range. Oil cartel OPEC has tried to calm concerns, saying spare capacity exists to soften the blow and moderate price spikes. But some now doubt the organization has a handle on spare capacity. "There is growing concern in the market that there isn't the spare capacity in Saudi Arabia that the markets have been told there is," said Charles Robertson, chief economist at Renaissance Capital. "The second problem is that the markets can't be as relaxed about the Middle East and North African now as they were even a week or two ago," he said. "What matters about Libya is that you've seen a regime which has been stable for the better part of 30 years and is in danger of being overthrown. The assumption that we can assume stability in, say Saudi Arabia, or other countries around the Gulf, that assumption is now going to be doubted by the markets," Robertson said.
(CNN) -- An 11-year-old boy has been detained by Bahraini authorities for nearly a month for allegedly participating in an "illegal gathering" and for burning tires, an arrest that human rights groups say comes amid the country's continued crackdown on anti-government protesters.|||Rights groups on Saturday demanded the release of the boy, Ali Hasan, following news that Bahrain's Juvenile Court ordered the youth moved from a jail to a juvenile detention facility. Hasan was arrested on May 14 by Bahraini authorities for allegedly participating in an "illegal gathering" with about a dozen others, according to the Bahrain International Affairs Authority, the kingdom's information office. Specifically, the boy was involved with burning tires at a roadblock, the office said. "The juvenile is receiving social care and tutoring at the center. He completed his last exam of the sixth grade level on Thursday," the information office said in a statement, which identified the boy as being 12 years old. But an attorney for Hasan's family disputes the government account, saying the boy was playing with two other children in the street when he was stopped by police. The attorney, Shahzalan Khamees, said that police stopped Hasan and two other boys, who managed to run away. Khamees said Hasan claims the police threatened to shoot him with a pellet gun if he ran. The boy, according to Khamees, was then detained for questioning. A second defense attorney, Mohsin Al-Alawi, said he recently visited Hasan and that the boy told him that he didn't take part in an "illegal gathering." The boy sobbed, said he is tired and wants to go home, Al-Alawi said. The Bahrain Rehabilitation and Anti-Violence Organization, an Ireland-based rights group, demanded Hasan's immediate release. There are a "growing number of children detained for investigation in security cases," the group said in a statement. Meanwhile, the Bahrain Center for Human Rights expressed concern about the government's targeting of children under the age of 15 in its crackdown. The rights group said Hasan, who they claim is 11, was the youngest detainee in Bahrain's prison system. The government did not immediately respond to the allegation. Bahrain has been heavily criticized by rights groups for its crackdown on anti-government protests that began February 14, 2011, in the country -- spurred by popular uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt. But the protests failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings following a crackdown in February and then again in mid-March by Bahraini authorities -- backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Demonstrators and Bahraini authorities have continued to clash, with the opposition accusing the government of being heavy handed in its crackdown on protests. In November, Bahrain's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report highly critical of the crackdown. The commission, set up by the king, concluded that police had used excessive force and torture during last year's crackdown on protests. The report recommended reforms to the country's law and better training of its security forces. CNN's Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
(CNN)A year after a massive coal ash spill into a North Carolina river, Duke Energy said Friday it would pay $102 million in a proposed settlement of nine criminal charges filed against the company by the U.S. government.|||The charges, all misdemeanors alleging violations of the Clean Water Act, were filed Friday in U.S. district courts in North Carolina. A federal judge would have to approve the settlement. The case concerns problems at several Duke Energy locations, but the major problem occurred at the Dan River Steam Station in Rockingham County, near the Virginia border. On February 2, 2014, a leak in a 48-inch stormwater pipe at that retired plant sent about 39,000 tons of coal ash and wastewater and up to 27 million gallons of basin water pouring into the Dan River. The utility originally said 82,000 tons of coal ash spilled, but later revised the number. Parts of the river turned into gray sludge. Coal ash, the byproduct of burning coal, is made up of aluminum oxide, iron oxide and silicon oxide. It also contains arsenic, mercury and other metals. Researchers from Wake Forest University who used cameras on an unmanned aerial aircraft to create a 3-D image of the spill said as many as 35 million gallons of arsenic-contaminated water and ash may have made its way into the river. A filing of criminal information said Duke "negligently" discharged pollutants and that employees failed to "exercise the degree of care that someone of ordinary prudence would have exercised in the same circumstances with respect to the discharge of ash and coal ash wastewater. ..." The criminal charges were filed against the company, not individuals. The $102 million in payments would be paid by shareholders, not customers, a company press release said. The company said $68.2 million would go toward fines and restitution and $34 million for community service and mitigation projects. The company said Clean Water Act violations concerning unauthorized discharges occurred at these company facilities in North Carolina: the Dan River plant in Eden; the Riverbend Steam Station in Mount Holly; the H.F. Lee Steam Electric Plant in Goldsboro; and the Asheville Steam Electric Generating Plant. A maintenance issue occurred at the Cape Fear Steam Electric Plant in Moncure, the company said. The agreement would include five years of probation and a court-appointed monitor to make sure Duke Energy complies with all provisions of the settlement, the company said. Duke has apologized for the spills -- both when they happened and Friday. "We are accountable for what happened at Dan River and have learned from this event," said Lynn Good, president and CEO of Duke Energy.
Washington (CNN) -- The president's top counterterrorism adviser says there is indisputable evidence that dozens of terrorist groups have sought weapons of mass destruction. But a U.S. intelligence official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said although al Qaeda clearly wants a nuclear weapons capability, it hasn't gotten very far.|||"At this point, they don't appear to have made much progress, but we continue to review every bit of information that comes in to determine whether they've advanced their efforts in any way whatsoever," said the official. "Developing a nuclear device involves a highly sophisticated technical process, and al Qaeda doesn't seem to have mastered it based on what we know now." The concern that terrorists will get hold of nuclear material and use it in an attack is a far greater threat than the older concern of global nuclear war, according to the president's Nuclear Posture Review. At a briefing kicking off President Obama's nuclear security summit on Monday, presidential adviser John Brennan said al Qaeda in particular has been actively trying to acquire a nuclear weapon for the past 15 years. "Al Qaeda is especially notable for its longstanding interest in weapons [of] useable nuclear material and the requisite expertise that would allow it to develop a yield-producing improvised nuclear device," said Brennan. With a nuclear capability, al Qaeda would be able to achieve what Brennan called its sole objective. "They would have the ability not only to threaten our security and world order in an unprecedented manner, but also to kill and injure many thousands of innocent men, women and children," he said. Officials are concerned not only about the possibility that terrorists could get full-fledged nuclear weapons, but also about the threat that radioactive material could be spread by simpler devices. CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen wrote in 2008 that "there is plenty of evidence that [al Qaeda] has experimented with crude chemical and biological weapons, and also attempted to acquire radioactive materials suitable for a 'dirty' bomb, a device that marries conventional explosives to radioactive materials." Organized crime and criminal gangs are well aware of the terrorist group's interest in acquiring bomb-making materials, which has led criminals to pursue getting those items for their own profit, according to Brennan. When pressed by reporters about whether there was specific intelligence indicating an active threat now, Brennan would only say, "I think you can point to a lot of al Qaeda activities and public statements that underscore their determination to carry out attacks against the U.S. and Western interests." Nuclear weapons expert David Albright said it is unclear what terrorists are up to and when they might act. "All the evidence supports that al Qaeda is looking to try to gather the capabilities to make a nuclear weapon. It's not easy to do. But they're learning," he told CNN on Tuesday. "They're doing the things that one would need to do to get nuclear weapons -- get help from those who know, start looking around for loose nukes ... look into black markets, can you buy it? That's why this summit is so important. We do need to secure the nuclear explosive materials much better. And it has to be done internationally." A new report released on Monday indicates there have been 18 documented cases of theft or loss of the two key ingredients of a nuclear weapon. "Securing the Bomb 2010," a report from the Nuclear Threat Initiative, cites two incidents in particular. In November 2007, a group of armed men attacked a nuclear facility in South Africa that contained hundreds of kilograms of highly enriched uranium. The men were stopped, but they escaped capture. And in February 2006, a Russian man was arrested in the country of Georgia with nearly 80 grams of highly enriched uranium. There was some evidence suggesting the uranium came from a Russian nuclear fuel plant. The author of a book called "Peddling Peril," Albright also worries about whether Pakistan's nuclear stockpile is secure, despite assurances from both the United States and Pakistan that it is. Pakistan "has had many leaks from its program of classified information and sensitive nuclear equipment, and so you have to worry that it could be acquired in Pakistan," Albright said. However the U.S. intelligence official said there is no indication that terrorists have gotten anything from Pakistan, and added there is confidence right now in Pakistan's security apparatus. The Pakistanis store their nuclear stockpile in a way that makes it difficult to put the pieces together; that is, components are located in different places. The official said Pakistan has put the appropriate safeguards in place.
(CNN)In a rare reference to the sexual assault allegations against him, Bill Cosby told a woman attending his comedy show that, "you have to be careful about drinking around me."|||The comment came during an otherwise lighthearted moment in his standup show Thursday night in London, Ontario, as a woman near the front row got up to go get a drink and Cosby asked her where she was going. The remark is likely to anger his accusers who have demanded he respond to the allegations of sexual abuse against him. Minutes after that incident a heckler was ejected from the performance by police after yelling 'Bill Cosby you're a rapist'. During the incident Cosby did not confront the man and encouraged the audience to remain calm and patient. He resumed his comedy show within a few minutes. In a statement released through his public relations firm Cosby says, "One outburst but over 2600 loyal, patient and courageous fans enjoyed the most wonderful medicine that exist for human-kind. Laughter. I thank you, the theatre staff (Budweiser Gardens), the event organizers and the London, ON Community for your continued honor and support. I'm Far From Finished." More than a hundred protesters gathered outside the performance, some shouting "shame" and "Bill Cosby is a rapist." 2 more women join defamation lawsuit against Cosby. Protesters sound off. Milena LeDuc was one of the protesters, braving frigid temperatures and asking ticket holders to abandon the show. "Why would you want to pay to see a rapist?" she said. "These are very serious allegations, and I think he's not taking them seriously and in this day and age these need to be taken seriously," added protestor Dan Hilton, who said he was once a Cosby fan and considers him a comedy pioneer. Inside the venue, which was about half full, large pictures of Cosby with Nelson Mandela framed the stage. He was warmly greeted and received his second standing ovation in as many nights. Bruce Maslen called the performance awesome and said the protestors and hecklers didn't spoil a thing. "I don't believe he's been charged with anything and at least in this country you're innocent until proven guilty," said Maslen. "Alternative event" held. No charges have been filed against Cosby, and his attorneys have vehemently denied the allegations of sexual assault against him made by several women. Thursday night's performance was the second of three scheduled Canadian performances for Cosby. About a dozen protestors showed up outside of Wednesday night's show in Kitchener, Ontario, but there were no disruptions during the performance. Hundreds turned out for a so-called "alternative event" to support and raise money for victims of sexual assault. Sue Gillespie was one of those who attended the "Voices Carry"event on Wednesday night.  She says the controversy over the allegations against Cosby is an opportunity for communities to help sexual assault victims. "I think it's a good opportunity for the community to do something positive. They felt a need to respond and this was a good way to do it. This was a peaceful alternative," said Gillespie, who runs a community-based mental health charity and advocates for victims of sexual abuse. Phylicia Rashad says she was misquoted.
(CNN) -- Might there be a Tyra Banks/Naomi Campbell situation this awards season?|||With the announcement of nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Awards and Golden Globes, Viola Davis' fans had plenty to cheer about. She received nods for her performance in the new ABC drama "How to Get Away With Murder." But "Scandal" actress Kerry Washington, one of the darlings of awards seasons past, was nowhere to be found. Is it a case of there being room for only one African-American woman to be celebrated? It's not a new concept. In 2005, Banks invited fellow supermodel Campbell onto her talk show for a conversation about the tension between them. The fashion industry was partially to blame, Banks said. "Back then, there were 10 top models ... but there was an unwritten rule that only one of them could be black," Banks said. "And Naomi was that one black girl." Campbell added in 2013, "It does irk me that two women of color have to be pitted against each other. ... I'm very proud of Tyra and what she's done with 'America's Next Top Model.' I'm proud of her; I'm proud to know her." Likewise, model Iman told Time in 2003 that when she arrived in New York in 1975 to model, she "learned that magazines would only use one black girl at a time, and they were trying to create a competition between us." Davis has received plenty of acclaim for her work in films and began drawing even more awards buzz from almost the moment she debuted as tough-as-nails law professor Annalise Keating on "How to Get Away With Murder." Washington, meanwhile, has reigned as a fan favorite during the four seasons of her hit show "Scandal." In 2013, she was saluted for being the first black woman to lead a weekly TV series since Diahann Carroll starred in "Julia," which premiered in 1968. Washington's absence from this year's nominations was very quickly noted. Debra Birnbaum, executive editor for TV for Variety, tweeted, "Another early morning, another awards snub for @kerrywashington. I'm getting tired of complaining about it. #scandal." Another fan tweeted, "And again how is @kerrywashington not nominated for @ScandalABC?! It's baffling to me. Congrats on the nom Viola Davis. #GlodenGlobes." Writing for The Wrap, Jethro Nededog noted Wednesday that the SAG nomination for Davis but not Washington may have illuminated the lingering diversity problem in Hollywood. He said it was not that Washington wasn't deserving this time around, because "At the top of the game for TV's dramatic actresses, she should have been a shoo-in for a SAG nomination again this year." "Of course, Washington's nomination history for a SAG award isn't as deep as the one she has for the Emmys, which she received nominations for in 2013 and 2014. And the Golden Globes also saw fit to nominate her only once before, in 2014, just like the SAGs," Nededog wrote. "But if it's true that there's only room for one black leading actress in the run for awards, then Hollywood isn't as progressive-minded as we believe ourselves to be." Both shows are tied to Shonda Rhimes, who holds the distinction of being the most powerful woman of color in Hollywood. Rhimes rules Thursday nights on ABC, with "Scandal" (which she created) and "How to Get Away With Murder" (which she executive produced) airing back to back. Known for building in diversity, both of color and of sexuality, into her projects, Rhimes told the New York Times in September that she saw nothing unique in the lineup. "I'm not sitting around going, 'Wow, it's historic to have two black women on television,' " Rhimes said. "I don't think it's odd to see two black women standing in the same place because, well, that's my house. Like, it's not a thing. To me, it just feels like Tuesday."
(CNN) -- Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday, but it gave manager Jose Mourinho little hope that his side can win the title.|||The Portuguese, who was triumphant in the first two seasons of his first spell at the London club, remains adamant that Manchester City still hold the advantage. Chelsea's 3-0 win over Stoke put Mourinho's team a point above Liverpool, who travel to West Ham on Sunday, with City another point back after a similarly comprehensive 4-1 victory against eighth-placed Southampton earlier Saturday. Manuel Pellegrini's team, who have already won the English League Cup, have two games in hand on Chelsea. "We have five matches to play in the Premier League and we have to try to win all five," said Mourinho, who returned to Stamford Bridge last year after leaving Real Madrid. "We don't depend on ourselves and we never did. I was waiting for the moment where we could be top of the league and depend on ourselves and I was waiting for that moment to say, 'Yes, now, we are candidates because we depend on ourselves,' but that never happened. "With Liverpool we have to play against them, so we have one match we have three points to discuss with them -- with Manchester City we do not play so they have their destiny in their hands and the only thing we can do is to continue to win matches." Egypt winger Mohammed Salah gave Chelsea the lead in his first start since signing in January, then won a penalty from which Frank Lampard followed up his own saved attempt to net his 250th career goal. Brazil midfielder Willian wrapped up the win with 18 minutes left. While Chelsea may still be involved in the Champions League, albeit nursing wounds after a 3-1 defeat away to Paris Saint-Germain in midweek, City's focus remains on a second domestic title in three seasons. "We are enjoying a very good second round of fixtures where the results are much better than the first half," Pellegrini said after City moved six points clear of fourth-placed Arsenal. "We've had four wins and one draw in our last five games -- maybe we had low performances in the month of February and at the start of March but I think that now the team has come back to its best performances." Manchester United moved up to sixth place with a 4-0 win at Newcastle, but Tottenham could reclaim that position from the defending champion by beating bottom club Sunderland on Monday. Former Chelsea star Juan Mata scored twice for United, who face Bayern Munich in the second leg of the Champions League quarterfinals on Wednesday, while Mexico striker Javier Hernandez and Adnan Januzaj also netted. It lifted more pressure off manager David Moyes, who rested several key players following his team's 1-1 draw with European champions Bayern in the midweek home leg. "The focus could only be on this game but you could see we've left a few players at home and not played a few players, and we are hoping they will be fit for Wednesday night's game at Bayern Munich," he said. Fulham moved off the bottom of the table with a 2-1 win at Aston Villa, who were missing top scorer Christian Benteke due to an injury that rules the Belgium striker out of the World Cup. West Brom grabbed a crucial 1-0 win at Norwich that put both clubs level, five points above the relegation zone. Hull moved up to 12th with a 1-0 win over Swansea that left the Welsh team in a nervous position above the bottom five. Crystal Palace moved up to 14th with a 3-0 win at second-bottom Cardiff.
(CNN) -- A deadly winter storm that began in Southern California and stretches to Texas threatens to wreck Thanksgiving week travel plans all the way to the Atlantic.|||At least six people have lost their lives in traffic crashes blamed on the storm system since late last week. An arctic air mass is expected to keep temperatures 15 to 20 degrees below normal along the East Coast through Thursday. Even if the system fails to deliver heavy snow, it could cause air travel disruptions with high winds, forecasters say. Airlines flying in and out of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport "pre-canceled about 300 departures to reduce the number of stranded travelers" Sunday in "anticipation of winter precipitation," the airport's official Twitter account said. Ten percent of flights at Oklahoma City's Will Rogers World Airport were also canceled due to the weather Sunday. Three travelers died in a multi-vehicle crash on icy Interstate 40 in northwest Texas late Friday, Texas State Trooper Chris Ray said. The dead included a person who got out of his vehicle to render aid and was struck, Ray said. Anther 11 people were injured in the crash, some critically. At least 20 people were taken to local hospitals from collisions within three miles of the fatal pileup, according to Oldham County, Texas, Sheriff David Medlin. "We have about 4 inches of snow on the ground," Medlin told CNN on Sunday. "Road conditions are still dangerous, and people should drive cautiously and avoid roads unless absolutely needed." A 4-year-old girl was killed Friday when a car carrying her slid off icy U.S. Highway 70 in New Mexico, said the state Department of Public Safety. The child was not properly restrained, the department said. Also in New Mexico, a woman in her 50s died Saturday when the pickup truck that she was riding in rear-ended a semi-truck during heavy traffic near Gallup, New Mexico State Police said. In Yuba County, California, a 52-year-old passenger in a car died when a tree fell on top of the vehicle Thursday, the county sheriff's office said. Ice is blamed for causing Willie Nelson's band bus to spin out of control and crash into a bridge pillar on Interstate 30 near Sulphur Springs, Texas, early Saturday. Three of the five members of Nelson's band were hurt, according to police and the band. Nelson was not on board. Flood threat in Arizona. Lingering rain prolonged the flood threat in Arizona, the National Weather Service said. Friday's 1.6 inches of rain in Phoenix made it the second wettest November day ever recorded in the desert city. Lighter amounts fell Saturday, but drainage areas already were full. In New Mexico and West Texas, snow and ice covered Interstate 10. The highway was open through Texas, but officials urged caution, especially on bridges. New Mexico could see up to 8 inches of snow accumulating through Monday. Storm will reach Carolinas by Monday. On Sunday, the forecast for northern Texas and parts of Oklahoma called for rain and sleet, and some spots were expected to get up to 4 inches of snow. Rain and sleet will extend through Dallas and into northern Louisiana. "Tomorrow is going to be the big event. After midnight, it's going to be so close to freezing, that's when we're anticipating it to be bad," Sgt. Lonny Haschel with the Texas Department of Public Safety said Sunday. Rain is expected to stretch from Texas to Georgia on Monday and to the Carolinas on Monday night, with sleet and snow in northern parts of that swath. The heaviest rain is expected across parts of Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Florida and South Carolina. By Tuesday, the rain will reach the mid-Atlantic states and parts of the Northeast. Freezing rain could develop in the southern and central Appalachians. Travel delays next week in Northeast. Rain, wind and possibly snow will cause travel delays beginning as early as Tuesday in the East, said CNN meteorologist Melissa Le Fevre. "We are going to see delays," Le Fevre said. "We're just waiting to see if the impacts are going to be severe or just annoying." The deciding factor will be whether a low-pressure system moving north out of the Gulf of Mexico travels inland or close to the East Coast, she said. According to AAA projections, 43.4 million Americans will travel 50 miles or more from home during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend this year. Fewer people traveling for Thanksgiving. CNN's Karen Maginnis, Judson Jones, Joe Sutton, Nick Valencia and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The cities of Annecy, Munich and Pyeongchang will battle it out to host the 2018 Winter Olympics.|||Munich is aiming to become the first city to host both the Summer and Winter Olympics. The International Olympic Committee have confirmed they have received applications from France, Germany and South Korea ahead of this week's deadline. The IOC will now decide which of the applicants will become official candidate cities, before they undergo a full evaluation process. The final decision will be made in July 2011. France has hosted three editions of the Winter Olympics, most recently in 1992 in Albertville. Munich confirmed its run for the 2018 Games by officially launching the bid at the IOC's headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland earlier this month. Should Munich -- together with the sporting facilities in Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the Berchtesgadener Land region -- get the vote from the IOC in July 2011, the scene would be set for another chapter in Olympic history. A city has never before hosted both the Summer and Winter Games, and Munich is now attempting to duplicate its success in attracting the Olympics back after hosting the 1972 Olympics. Pyeongchang formally submitted its bid last month. The city narrowly failed in its bids for 2010 and 2014, losing by three votes to Vancouver for next year's event and by just four votes to Sochi for the 2014 event. The runners and riders for the 2018 Winter Olympics were shortened earlier this week after China's Sports Ministry decided against backing bids from Harbin and Changchun for the Games. The move signalled an about-turn from the authorities after September saw the Chinese government announce it would throw its weight behind bids from any of its cities for the Games.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. military is gearing up for a possible influx of Haitians fleeing their earthquake-stricken country at an Army facility not widely known for its humanitarian missions: Guantanamo Bay.|||Soldiers at the base have set up tents, beds and toilets, awaiting possible orders from the secretary of defense to proceed, according to Maj. Diana Haynie, a spokeswoman for Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay. "There's no indication of any mass migration from Haiti," Haynie stressed. "We have not been told to conduct migrant operations." But the base is getting ready "as a prudent measure," Haynie said, since "it takes some time to set things up." Guantanamo Bay is about 200 miles from Haiti. Currently, military personnel at the base are helping the earthquake relief effort by shipping bottled water and food from its warehouse. In addition, Gen. Douglas Fraser, commander of U.S. Southern Command, said the Navy has set up a "logistics field," an area to support bigger ships in the region. The military can now use that as a "lily pad" to fly supplies from ships docked at Guantanamo over to Haiti, he said. "Guantanamo Bay proves its value as a strategic hub for the movement of supplies and personnel to the affected areas in Haiti," Haynie said. As part of the precautionary measures to prepare for possible refugees, the Army has erected 100 tents, each holding 10 beds, according to Haynie. Toilet facilities are nearby. If needed, hundreds more tents are stored in Guantanamo Bay and can be erected, she said. The refugees would be put on the leeward side of the island, more than 2 miles from some 200 detainees being held on the other side, Haynie said. The refugees would not mix with the detainees. Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay is responsible for planning for any kind of Caribbean mass immigration, according to Haynie. In the early 1990s, thousands of Haitian refugees took shelter on the island, she said.
Editor's note: This is another in a series of Business Insider commentaries debunking common tech myths.|||(Business Insider) -- Google loves to talk about how "open" it is. But the reality is that it's actually not always open; only when it's convenient to Google. And, anyway, "open" isn't necessarily better. For example, Google especially loves to boast that its Android software for phones and tablets is "open." You'd think that means that anyone would have control over their phones, to install all the apps they want, change the way it looks, and update to the latest version of Android. But that's not what it means. It really means that Google's close partners -- mobile operators and phone manufacturers, but not consumers -- can chop up Android to their liking. That's why many new Android phones ship with pre-installed "crapware" apps. It's why some have shortcomings, like the inability to install apps that aren't from Google's official app market. And it's why most Android owners have to wait a long time for Android software updates -- if the updates are ever made available for their specific phones. Meanwhile, despite all the talk about Android being "open," there are even some things that Google's huge Android partners can't change. For example, when Motorola wanted to swap out Google's built-in location services on its Android phones for a competing service from a startup called Skyhook Wireless, Google effectively forced them to stop, according to a lawsuit that Skyhook filed against Google. What's "open" about allegedly forcing your partners to use Google's tools and guidelines instead of competing tools? Android is just one example. Google has recently been inconsistent about its definition of "open" when it comes to web video technology, too. And if Google were really serious about being "open," they'd share their search and advertising algorithms with the world. Now that would be "open." But of course Google would never do that -- that's proprietary information that can't fall into the hands of competitors. Google has every incentive to keep its core business information "closed," and it will likely continue to. The more we look, the more we see that "open" Google is really more like "open when convenient or favorable to Google." This is perfectly fine: Google is a for-profit company and can do whatever it wants. But anyone who thinks its actions are transparent or truly "open" is pretending. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Frommer. Copyright © 2010 Business Insider.
Washington (CNN) -- Hurricanes are rare in Hawaii. It's even rarer when an incumbent governor or senator loses a primary election in the state. It had never happened before Saturday.|||Hurricanes Iselle and Julio left the state intact this week, but a Democratic primary election washed Gov. Neil Abercrombie from office. State Sen. David Ige defeated him and will face Republican Duke Aiona November's general elections. Hawaii's incumbent U.S. senator, Brian Schatz, might also get doused. His primary race against Rep. Colleen Hanabusa is too close to call. Just 11 votes separate them. President Obama, in a rare move, chose sides in a Democratic primary, supporting Schatz's bid earlier this year. But the President's decision is at odds with the dying wish of the senator whom Schatz succeeded. Days before his death in 2012, Daniel Inouye made clear he wanted Hanabusa to succeed him. Abercrombie defied that request, instead appointing Schatz, who was then the lieutenant governor. Obama had also supported Abercrombie's reelection. Hawaii has long rewarded political incumbents. Since its statehood, no governor had ever lost in a primary in Hawaii. Additionally, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser notes that "no incumbent U.S. senator -- appointed or elected -- has lost an election." CNN's Ashley Killough and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- North Korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial Yongbyon nuclear reactor on Friday.|||Hyun Hak-Bong (right), North Korea's deputy negotiator to six-party talks, crosses the border into South Korea on June 5. The destruction of the plant's cooling tower is part of an agreement with the United States aimed at denuclearizing the Korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive Communist country. The North Korean government has invited news organizations, including CNN, to witness the event. Earlier this year, Pyongyang agreed to disable its nuclear reactor and provide a full accounting of its plutonium stockpile, "acknowledge" concerns about its proliferation activities and its uranium enrichment activity, and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities are taking place. North Korea has been taking Yongbyon's main reactor apart, but imploding the cooling tower is an exceptionally important psychological step given that the highly recognizable shape of the structure is synonymous with nuclear power plants. The United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, says it would take a year to rebuild if North Korea decided to go back on its agreement, and that the construction could not be done in secret. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice defended U.S. diplomacy toward North Korea last week, saying the deal with Pyongyang made Asia and the U.S. safer. Speaking at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative Washington think tank, Rice said that "North Korea will soon give its declaration of nuclear programs to China." China is the host of the six-party talks aimed at ending North Korea's nuclear program, along with Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States. Rice spoke in advance of her upcoming trip to Asia where she will be attending a meeting of G8 foreign ministers and meeting with her Asian counterparts. Rice said once North Korea submits its declaration, President Bush will notify Congress he intends to remove North Korea from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism and scrap some sanctions levied against North Korea because of nuclear concerns. But she noted that there would be no practical effect to loosening the restrictions because North Korea still was under the same sanctions because of other areas of U.S. law. Rice said a 45-day review would then begin to see if North Korea is telling the truth and living up to its end of the deal struck in the six-party talks. "Before those actions go into effect, we would continue to assess the level of North Korean cooperation in helping to verify the accuracy and completeness of its declaration," she said. "And if that cooperation is insufficient, we will respond accordingly." The United States softened its demand that North Korea publicly admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and to providing Syria with nuclear technology, key unanswered questions that have left negotiations stalled for months. North Korea has already handed over about 18,000 documents on its nuclear past to the U.S., which the U.S. says are critical to verify North Korea's claims. Rice said that the deal with North Korea wasn't perfect but offered the U.S. the best chance to learn about North Korea's nuclear history. "We must keep the broader goal in mind: the elimination of North Korea's nuclear weapons and programs, all of them," she said. "North Korea has said that it is committed to this goal. We'll see." Rice said that "no final agreement can be concluded" unless the U.S. verifies North Korea's claims. CNN State Department Correspondent Elise Labott contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Andrea Jaime was a student in Georgetown University's School of Nursing and Health Sciences. Yet before she could graduate and help others, she became a patient herself.|||And on Tuesday, Jaime died from what the Washington school said was "apparent meningitis." Her loss rattled many in the Georgetown community. While stating "proper medical precautions have been taken and members of the campus community do not need to take additional action at this time" to guard against meningitis, the school advised students on how and where they could get medical help. It also offered counseling for those grieving the loss of a fellow student and friend. "God gained an angel today I'm going to miss you so much," wrote one such friend on Jaime's Twitter page. That comment was underneath a message that appeared Friday on Jaime's Twitter feed: "This is what dying must feel like." Responding later that day to someone's question, Jaime wrote "105 fever I think I'm dying." School officials have not disclosed when, where or how Jaime got sick, including whether it might have had anything to do with her education at Georgetown. She was due to graduate in 2017 from the Nursing and Health Studies school, where she was a human science major, before she died Tuesday at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital. "Andrea died from apparent meningitis," Georgetown said in its lone, brief explanation. "We are awaiting test results to confirm the exact cause (of death)." In a statement earlier Tuesday, the school noted that "vaccination prevents against most cases of bacterial meningitis," one of five types of meningitis identified by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The school added: "Student Health Services are encouraging members of the university to pay increased attention to personal hygienic practices, including washing hands with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand sanitizers regularly. To limit the spread of the illness, you should avoid sharing cups, cosmetics, toothbrushes, smoking materials or anything that comes in contact with the mouth." There are about 4,100 cases of bacterial meningitis annually in the United States, according to the CDC. Roughly 500 of those end in death. And while babies and others with susceptible immune systems face especially high risks, no one -- even healthy young adults -- is entirely safe. What to know about meningitis. As the CDC notes, "Infectious diseases tend to spread more quickly where larger groups of people gather together. College freshmen living in residence halls and military personnel are at increased risk for meningococcal meningitis (caused by Neisseria meningitidis)." Two U.S. universities have dealt with meningitis outbreaks recently. There have been eight cases of the disease at Princeton University in New Jersey since March 2013, according to the CDC. The University of California, Santa Barbara, has had four confirmed cases since November 2013. There have been extensive vaccination campaign at both universities in the wake of these reports. California students may get Princeton vaccine. CNN's Leslie Bentz contributed to this report.
An Indonesian maid has told a Hong Kong court that she was tortured for six months by her former employer, who shoved a vacuum cleaner tube into her mouth, tearing her mouth.|||In two days of disturbing testimony, Erwiana Sulistyaningsih, a 23-year-old domestic helper, said through an interpreter she endured all sorts of abuse, including being punched, slapped, kicked and beaten unconscious. The case sparked international outrage when gruesome images of her injuries surfaced earlier this year and she was admitted to a hospital in Indonesia in critical condition. Erwiana's former employer Law Wan-tung, a 44-year-old housewife, faces 21 charges, including inflicting grievous bodily harm, assault and criminal intimidation. Law pleaded not guilty to all charges, except one, for failing to take out an insurance policy for an employee. Stripped naked. Speaking calmly, Erwiana described an incident when she said she was punished for dozing off during work. "I was taken to the bathroom and she took off all my clothes and she sprayed cold water on me," she said. She said she was not allowed to put her clothes back on, and her employer switched on an electric fan and pointed it at her for hours before she was allowed to dress herself. Prosecutors accused Law, a mother of two, of using a mop, ruler, and coat hangers to beat Erwiana and also pulled her down from a ladder while she was cleaning. Erwiana said on one occasion she was beaten unconscious, and after she came to, her employer forced her back to work. "She often punched my eyes and I was shocked. And she kept on punching and punching me," says Erwiana. Erwiana said she was forced to work for 20 hours a day, and was only allowed to sleep between 1 p.m to 5 p.m. "I had to sleep on the floor," says Erwiana. All she was given to eat was three to six pieces of bread and a bowl of rice each day. Call for justice. Several migrant rights activist groups rallied outside the Wanchai District Court on Monday, calling for justice for Erwiana. The case also involves charges of assault on two other Indonesian domestic helpers, Tutik Lestari Ningsih and Nurhasanah, who were under Law's previous employ. She could face up to seven years of imprisonment for the charges of causing grievous bodily harm, the maximum term the District Court can sentence. In January, thousands of people marched to the streets in support of the allegedly abused young Indonesian worker.Amnesty International issued a public statement in June urging the Hong Kong government to take immediate action to "end the widespread abuse and exploitation of migrant domestic workers." According to a report released last year, Indonesian migrant workers are at risk of serious human rights violations in Hong Kong.Hong Kong employs some 320,000 foreign domestic workers mainly from Indonesia, Philippines and from other parts of Asia.READ MORE: Indonesian migrant worker tells of abuse as thousands protest in Hong Kong.
(CNN) -- Liane Moriarty knows playground politics. The Australian author features catty mothers, birthday party snubs and a debauched parental gathering in her latest novel, "Big Little Lies."|||Moriarty is familiar with those dynamics herself: she is a hands-on mother to a 4-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old son. While Moriarty says her characters come from her imagination, she's managed to strike a collective nerve among readers around the world. Her latest bestselling book also turned the heads of Hollywood moms: Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon optioned screen rights to "Big Little Lies." The novel opens with a school scandal, then traces three families through a tumultuous kindergarten year. Anyone who has picked up young children from elementary school will recognize the characters and conversations in "Big Little Lies." Many of Moriarty's novels are book club favorites, and not just in her native Sydney. Her novel "The Husband's Secret" sold more than 1 million copies in the United States. She spoke to CNN about putting parenting onto the pages of her novels. Below is an edited transcript. CNN: How are you able to replicate conversations that so many parents have? LM: I guess it just means that we're all having the same kinds of conversations across the world... that they're universal. And, obviously, because I'm completely in that world right now, it's really easy to think like that, because that's the life I'm leading. CNN: Did you have any of those conversations? LM: They're still fictional. Although, there might be little phrases taken from real life, but they're still all fiction. Because it's my world, the material is at my fingertips. CNN: How do you find inspiration for your plots and your characters? LM:  I was inspired by a little story a girlfriend told me when her daughter started school. On the very first day of kindergarten, two little girls came out of the classroom, and they had bite marks on their arms. Because it was the first day of school, no one could say who had done it. They just said a little boy had done it to them. They actually got the little boys to line up. When this girlfriend was telling me the story, I was just so enthralled by the little drama that went on in the playground, and imagining how you would feel if you were one of the parents, hoping that it wasn't your child that had actually done the biting. In the end, the little girls finally gave in and admitted they had bitten themselves. It's little stories like that (which inspire me). People tell stories of awful parents, and bullying parents. And you can definitely see the potential, because you do love your child so fiercely. Because it is a little bit like going back to school yourself. It brings out all those insecurities. When all the parties started, and sometimes, I remember hearing about certain parties, thinking, 'My child wasn't invited. What does that mean?' All those things come out. It's easy to collect on that material. CNN: Have you been surprised by how your books have transcended cultural boundaries? LM: I think as parents, we're all leading similar sorts of lives. So really, the differences are small. And I think they're differences that readers quite enjoy, in the same way that I enjoy reading books set in the U.S. There are things like trick or treating and Halloween, and little things like that. They're a pleasure to read, but easy enough to understand, so you don't feel alienated. CNN: What are you working on now? LM: I'm just in the very early stages of my next novel. I've been joking a lot that my next novel will be set on a tropical island. And I'll have to lots of research to get the setting right. The more I joke, the more I've started to think, 'Actually, that could work.' Because I often like to set my books in a confined setting, a little village .... That's why a school works so well, because you can control it. So why not a tropical island? CNN: Has your success changed the way other parents treat you? LM: They tease me. My husband was taking some time off, and announcing he was going to do some more of the pick-ups (from school). And somebody was saying, 'Will you still do some of the pick-ups?' Somebody else was saying, 'Of course she will. She needs us for her material.' They just seem happy for me. It's not like I'm a film star. It's not especially glamorous.
Mariupol, Ukraine  (CNN)Less than two days into a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, deadly violence erupted once again between the military and pro-Russian separatists, casting further doubt about whether the peace plan will hold.|||Five Ukrainian security forces were killed and 25 were wounded in fighting with the separatists, Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said. He said at least 129 violations of the ceasefire have already taken place -- ranging from small arms fire to mortar attacks. But pro-Russian separatists have also blamed Ukraine for violations. Dmytro Chalov, a spokesman for a sector of the Ukrainian army, said mortar fire pummeled the Mariupol area of eastern Ukraine. The ceasefire went into effect more than 24 hours earlier, at midnight Saturday night. Monday was slated to be a key day in the truce -- when both sides are supposed to withdraw heavy weapons. But neither has done so. The Ukrainian army still has plans to pull heavy weapons out of the area, but it won't happen until the situation is quiet, Chalov said. "We emphasize that our military will only fire in response," Lysenko told reporters Monday. The ceasefire aims to end 10 months of fighting in eastern Ukraine. But less than 90 minutes after it started, Ukrainian officials reported mortar shelling at a military post near Zolote in the Luhansk region. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire, he will impose martial law throughout Ukraine. Despite the reports of violence Monday, the truce did appear to hold up in many parts of eastern Ukraine. And that means some residents who have been holed up for weeks were able to venture out to buy food and medicine. But the future remains uncertain. "How long can this bloodshed go on for?" one woman told CNN. "All we want is peace." Frederik Pleitgen reported from Mariupol, and Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta.
(CNN) -- A Chinese high court has agreed to hear an appeal from convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai, according to a statement released by Jinan Intermediate People's Court.|||Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for bribe-taking, as well as 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power after he was convicted in September. China's Bo Xilai: From rising star to scandal. He filed his appeal before an October 8 deadline. The court reviewed it and accepted, the Shandong Province Supreme People's Court said. During the politically sensitive trial, which took place over several days in August, Bo, 64, denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution's case against him, according to accounts published by the Jinan Intermediate People's Court. The closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in China. Timeline: Bo Xilai's fall from grace. But international and independent journalists weren't allowed inside the courtroom, and doubts were raised about the fullness of the court's version of events. The trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle, giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live. Read more: Bo Xilai anticipated prison in letter to family. Bo's glittering career, during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies, fell apart last year. The son of a revolutionary veteran, Bo rose to power as a city mayor, provincial governor, minister of commerce and member of the Politburo, the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party. He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy. From Gang of Four to Bo Xilai: Reporting from China's 'show trials' A charismatic and urbane politician, Bo was credited with a spectacular, albeit brutal, crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing, a metropolis in southwestern China. But when his deputy, Wang Lijun, walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February 2012 and told American diplomats that Bo's wife, Gu Kailai, was involved in a murder case, Bo's career began to unravel. Wang's move precipitated Bo's political demise. Soon after news of the events began to emerge, Bo was removed from his party posts.
President Barack Obama exhorted Iraqi leaders to come up with a political solution to governing their nation because "if they don't, there won't be a military solution to the problem," he told CNN in an interview Friday.|||Obama wants to see Iraq create a command structure that includes Shiites, Sunnis and Kurds, which are the country's chief groups, he told CNN's Kate Bolduan. "We gave Iraq the chance to have an inclusive democracy," Obama said on the eve of U.S. military advisers arriving in Iraq to help the government besieged by militant extremists. Sunni militants have crossed over from northern Syria to blitz major Iraqi cities. Hundreds of thousands of civilians have fled from their path, creating a new refugee and political crisis. The militants, called the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, are an al Qaeda splinter group. Supported by many Sunni factions, the ISIS fighters continue their fierce advance in Iraq, threatening Baghdad. Senior U.S. officials say the Obama administration is of the belief that Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is not the leader Iraq needs to unify the country and end sectarian tensions. His government is dominated by Shiites. The first of up to 300 U.S. military advisers will arrive in Iraq as soon as Saturday, a senior defense official told CNN on Friday. This first group from outside Iraq is expected to be very small, the official said. Meanwhile, some U.S. military personnel already in Iraq at the security cooperation office in the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad will be reassigned and become the first of the advisers to go to work, Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said. The first group of advisers will begin work by conducting an initial assessment of Iraqi troop capabilities and on what may be needed for a larger group of U.S. advisers, including additional security measures where they may be deployed, a senior defense official said Friday. The Pentagon has identified two preliminary locations in Baghdad and northern Iraq for proposed joint Iraq-U.S. operations centers, but those locations are not being disclosed because of security concerns, the official said. The United States withdrew its final troops from Iraq at the end of 2011, nearly nine years after leading the invasion that ousted longtime leader Saddam Hussein. On Friday, fierce fighting continued between suspected ISIS fighters and Iraq security forces and their recruits in northern and northeastern Iraq, with casualties on both sides.
Lake Zakher, United Arab Emirates (CNN) -- In a remote corner of the United Arab Emirates, a blue lake shimmers amid the sand dunes.|||It's not a mirage, but a man-made oasis -- an unintended byproduct of the UAE's water management practices, which has sprung from the desert in recent years. Opinion is divided over this unexpected phenomenon, known locally as Lake Zakher. Huw Roberts is a university lecturer who has been an avid birdwatcher in the Gulf region for nearly two decades. "This is one of the best sites in the UAE for birds," he said. "It's a good habitat for wintering birds and birds on passage." To Roberts, Lake Zakher has reliably proved something of a birdwatcher's paradise, with herons, flamingos and stilts among the rich diversity of species drawn to this rare water source. He has been coming to the lake for seven years to photograph the birds, insects and reptiles and add them to WildlifeUAE -- his photographic inventory of nearly 600 species of the country's wildlife. But to others, like Brigitte Howarth, an ecologist at the UAE's Zayed University, Lake Zakher is an environmental calamity. "This lake to me is a bit of an ecological disaster because we really don't understand how it's affecting all the various species that do live naturally within this environment," she said. "If you suddenly create an artificial situation, where many other species benefit, it is the species that have been here for millions of years that then suffer." Read more: Beauty and the beast - a camel pageant in the UAE. The lake is an industrial byproduct of the desalination system used to meet the UAE's water needs. With few sources of fresh water in the region, the country has relied on desalinating seawater for domestic use -- a technology that has been essential to the country's growth, according to advocates. "Desalination started here 50 years ago," said Corrado Sommariva, president of the International Desalination Association. "There wouldn't be any development of the industry or society if there was no desalination." The waste water is treated and just over half reused for industrial purposes, according Mohamed Al Madfaei, executive director at the Abu Dhabi Environmental Agency. But the other 45% of recycled waste water was simply discharged at sea or released on to the land, where it had been pushing up groundwater levels, and eventually resulted in the creation of Lake Zakher. Watch: Oman banks on its history. Desalination has increased as the UAE's population has grown, bringing with it other unwanted environmental impacts. The process is energy-intensive, and releases brine into the surrounding ocean, which has the potential to harm marine life. As a result, the government is encouraging people to reduce consumption, and put excess water to better use. "People can reduce their water consumption, be more wise when it comes to water use," said Al Madfaei. "When washing your car, instead of using a hose, maybe use a bucket. When it comes to the agriculture sector... we are looking to reduce our consumption, and increasing the use of treated water in those areas as well." It's an approach that will help improve the UAE's environmental sustainability, but could spell the end of the already shrinking Lake Zakher, to the dismay of Roberts and his fellow birdwatchers. "I'd be very disappointed if Zakher Lake disappeared," said Roberts. "I'm hoping it doesn't."
New York City (CNN) -- New York Fashion Week concluded yesterday, and the trendy, well-heeled set can finally rest their aching feet -- at least for the flight across the pond to London, Paris and Milan to wash, rinse and repeat it all over again.|||With the debut of more than 100 spring 2014 collections over the course of seven days, it's ambitious to declare a definitive motif, but there were certainly a number of recurring looks that achieved majority rule. Comfortable, wispy, feminine and monochromatic are just a few ways to describe the spring 2014 collections that were showcased at events in Lincoln Center and throughout the city. CNN was on the ground to document the looks that will put a spring in your step come next year. Interactive: What's trending at Fashion Week. Participating designers ran the gamut, from the powerhouses that showed on the final day like Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and Marc Jacobs to up-and-comers Creatures of the Wind and Alon Livne. Also making a splash were street-style favorites like Sachin + Babi, Sass & Bide, Proenza Schouler and The Row, started by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. Prior to the shows, we caught up with fashion forecaster WGSN and Elle Magazine's fashion news director Anne Slowey to place their bets on what consumers will see in stores in six months -- and their predictions were, collectively, on the button. Casting the outcast at Fashion Week. "I suspect we will see a continuation of resort (wear) -- big florals, art-inspired prints, offbeat pastel combinations and architecturally minded separates and sportswear-inspired ideas," Slowey said, prior to the whirlwind week. Sheila Aimette of fashion forecaster WGSN agreed that we should keep an eye out for bold prints and patterns -- florals, plaids, etc. -- meanwhile the silhouettes would remain sleek and architectural. Designers also favored the bare midriffs -- crop top until you drop, if you will -- as well as cut-outs and sheer fabrics to reveal some skin amid more ladylike pieces, like below-the-knee hemlines. The fine line between lingerie and outwear. Slowey's resort-wear prediction proved prescient: Tommy Hilfiger took attendees to Southern California; he even experimented with neoprene and constructed waistbands in some of his skirts and shirts, which looked like peeled down wetsuits. The getaway theme also resonated in the Capri-inspired, lemon grove patterns of Kate Spade and tropical flower-print dresses and straw fedoras of Tracy Reese's Havana nights-themed collection. Also well-represented: Short suits; slip dresses and culottes. Think classic Daisy Buchanan with a little boudoir flare. Making an unlikely and comfortable comeback is the Birkenstock sandal, offering a bit of 1990s nostalgia for the collections of Trina Turk and Rachel Zoe, as well as a new collaboration between the shoemaker and J. Crew. Yet, among all this, a mod black-and-white palette reigned supreme. Ralph Lauren opened up with a monochromatic color scheme before transitioning into bright Kelly green, blue, orange and yellow gowns; Rag & Bone, Victoria Beckham, Cushnie et Ochs and Altuzarra also stayed minimalist in hue for most of their collections. As for the hair, it was matted down and sleek in most shows, while the makeup was understated and shimmering -- orange lipstick added a common pop of color at many shows. What wasn't understated was the showmanship: From the rose-scented room of Prabal Gurung to the models at Opening Ceremony who showed off clothes amid luxury cars. At Desigual, models cheekily walked and danced down the runway with smiles and peace sign gestures; and at Jen Kao, several models were even joined down the runway by similarly-coiffed Afghan hounds. Meanwhile, Thom Browne went full-on "Bride of Frankenstein" with corseted couture pieces paired with smeared red lipstick and teased out gray wigs. See all of CNN Living's New York Fashion Week coverage. And catch up with us come spring for a look at the fall and winter collections.
(CNN) -- Over the years, the Winter Olympics has thrown up a variety of competitors that defy logic.|||There was Jamaica's legendary bobsled team, a cross-country skier from Kenya and Britain's Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards, whose inept performances in 1988 prompted a change in the qualifying rules. Now, one of the world's most famous violinists can be added to the eclectic mix. This weekend, Vanessa Mae -- who has sold over 10 million albums worldwide -- sneaked through qualifying for next month's Olympics. "She's done it by a whisker, but she's done it," manager Giles Holland told the BBC. In Sochi, Mae will compete as Vanessa Vanakorn, using the surname of her Thai father and representing his homeland as well. She may be used to racing through scales, her fingers dancing atop the strings of a violin, but the 35-year-old must now negotiate a very different rhythm as she is pitched into the giant slalom. With the Games starting on February 7, Mae left it late to book her place -- only claiming the relevant qualifying marks this weekend, which the International Ski Federation (FIS) confirmed on Monday. Olympic qualification rules determine that countries without a skier ranked in the world's top 500 can send one male and one female competitor to the Games -- to compete in slalom and giant slalom -- as long as the athletes can achieve a second set of criteria. This was to produce an average of 140 points or fewer over five recognized races. She managed this over the weekend after competing in four giant slalom races in Slovenia, even competing in a national junior championship race where the diminutive Mae, 5ft 3in, stuck out by virtue of being 14 years older than her nearest rival. "According to the qualification system which we have, which requires her to start at least five slalom or giant slalom races, she has done so," said Ana Jelusic, the FIS's Alpine media co-ordinator. "It also requires her to come below a certain number of FIS points, which in this case is 140. She has done so." Lifelong Hobby. Mae started skiing at the age of four, a year before she took up the violin, and she describes the sport as her 'lifelong hobby'. Such an attitude fueled her decision to relocate from London to Zermatt, after buying a house in the Swiss resort in 2009, where she lives with long-term boyfriend Lionel Catelan, for whom skiing is also in the blood after growing up in the French town of Val d'IsÃ¨re. The musician will become only the second Winter Olympian to represent Thailand. In 2002, Prawat Nagvajara was so slow on his debut that he was pulled out of his race, before improving -- as it were -- to finish last in his cross country event at the Turin Games four years later. At the age of 10, Mae made her solo debut with the Philharmonia Orchestra in London. Three years later, she was the youngest soloist ever to record the demanding Beethoven and Tchaikovsky violin concertos. Born in Singapore, she grew up in London where she became famous for what she herself has termed "techno-acoustic fusion", a mix of classical and modern styles. Mae has said that she will return to her music once her Olympic dream is over.
(CNN) -- The wife of al Qaeda's second-in-command has purportedly issued a message urging women to raise their children to love holy war and defend Muslim lands.|||The message from Omaima Hassan Ahmad Mohammad Hassad, wife of Osama bin Laden advisor Ayman al-Zawahiri, said that since women could not fight, they should dedicate themselves to so-called holy warriors, or mujahedeen. "I ask you to raise your children to obey Allah and love jihad [holy war] and to defend the Muslim lands," she said, in a message released by As-Sahab Media -- al Qaeda's production company. "Fighting is not easy for women because they need a male guardian by their side. ... But we can place ourselves in service of the mujahedeen and do what they ask of us. We can help by supporting warriors with money or information or even by a martyrdom operation." CNN cannot independently verify the authenticity of the document, which appeared on multiple radical Islamist Web sites. Hassan also asked that Allah grant her and her Muslim sisters "patience and persistence until death," especially in the Palestinian Authority, and in Iraq, Chechnya, Afghanistan and Somalia. CNN's senior editor for Middle East affairs, Octavia Nasr, said it is not a usual practice for women linked to al Qaeda to release messages. "It signals that al Qaeda seems to be aggressively reaching out to the female population, whereas in the past their focus was mainly on men," she said.
(CNN) -- For first-timers, South by Southwest Interactive can be a little intimidating.|||The Austin technology festival, which kicks off Friday, swelled to nearly 20,000 participants last year. This year, there'll be more than 1,000 panels and presentations spread across 15 campuses in an increasingly crowded downtown. Surviving is one thing, but really experiencing and enjoying the fest often depends on what you bring, and just as importantly, don't bring. Here's some advice on what to equip yourself with and what to ditch before you hit SXSW. Bring: A game plan. The Interactive schedule is daunting, and that's not even counting nighttime parties and unofficial gatherings. It pays to go through the schedule on the official site and also to skim it on sites such as lynrd.com and sched.org, or sxshhh.com, a new paid site that for $5 rounds up RSVP info for SXSW-adjacent parties. Make a tentative plan for what you want to see and have it handy in a phone or online calendar you can access at any time during the fest. The official app of the fest, "SXSW Go," is available for iOS, Android and soon Windows and BlackBerry phones. I find the iPad version is the easiest to browse through, more so even than the SXSW website itself. It doesn't hurt to double- or triple-book your calendar for panel slots or parties in case a room fills up or if a line is too long. Always leave yourself some extra options. Don't bring: Inflexibility. Once you have a set plan, be prepared to abandon whole chunks of it. You'll meet new people, perhaps find old friends, hear about a great party that's happening or discover that the panel you were dying to attend has been canceled or has reached capacity. Be flexible, go with the flow and have no regrets about missing something; there's plenty to see and do. You'll wear yourself out and miss potentially serendipitous moments if you hold too firmly to your schedule. Bring: Extra battery packs and your own Internet. A good day at SXSW Interactive is at least 12 hours long, and you might be using your smartphone, tablet or laptop a lot to look up information or try new apps. Your batteries will get depleted, and it's not always easy to find a free power outlet in packed panel rooms. Bring charging cables and power supplies for your gear. You can also find cheap, portable backup battery chargers for most smartphones on Amazon for as little as $6 to $10. Buy at least one, maybe two. A portable power strip wouldn't hurt either if you want to share power outlets with your fellow attendees. Some years, wireless phone networks haven't held up under the strain of all the tech-centric attendees. Outside the Convention Center in the downtown wilds, there aren't as many free Wi-Fi locations as you'd hope. If what you're doing at the fest requires a constant Internet connection, consider bringing your own Wi-Fi hotspot device. Don't bring: Expensive tech gear or cameras that haven't been backed up. Every year, I hear about someone who had a laptop stolen or lost a camera containing a memory card full of precious photos that were never transferred to a computer. Keep your stuff safe and don't bring anything irreplaceable. Bring: A giant smile. Texans are very friendly. We want nothing more than for you to go home after your trip and rave about how delicious our barbecue tastes and how we're all as soulful and attractive as the characters on "Friday Night Lights." But it only works if you're humble and attitude-free. Which brings us to ... Don't bring: Attitude. In recent years, the influx of social media gurus and marketing mavens has changed the vibe at some parts of SXSW Interactive from a spring break for nerds to a focus group for startups aimed at Twitterholics. Leave behind the smarmy business networking and condescending attitude toward those who aren't online rock stars. Don't be That Guy (or Gal). Bring: Comfy shoes, light clothes and an umbrella. March and October are our best weather months in Austin, but it can turn on a dime. Dress lightly, but bring a jacket for the colder evenings and have an umbrella handy in case a thunderstorm rolls through. And wear comfortable, broken-in shoes -- you'll be on your feet a lot. Don't bring: Ostentatious cowboy boots and a 10-gallon hat you only wear when you're visiting Texas. We Texans see right through that crap.
(CNN) -- At 23, many people around the world are still at university -- at that age, Gossy Ukanwoke had already started one.|||The young entrepreneur is the founder of Beni American University (BAU), Nigeria's first private online university. Launched in late 2012, the school allows students to access their classes at any time of the day with any internet-enabled device. "We are providing executive programs for graduates who are looking for employment and want to build up their resumes, or managers who want to climb up the hierarchy of their companies," says Ukanwoke, now 25. "We also have courses targeted at people who want to start their own business." 'Nigeria's Mark Zuckerberg' Ukanwoke's idea to start BAU came from his previous online venture called Students Circle, an educational social networking site he'd launched while in university that allows learners to interact and access free resources from leading schools. "When I created Students Circle in 2010," explains Ukanwoke, "I found out that ... many were looking for certificates, hoping that they could get something they could use to maybe find employment or get a promotion in the workplace. "There was a need for a new institution to be created in Nigeria," adds Ukanwoke, who was once described by Forbes as "Nigeria's Mark Zuckerberg." Now, some 18 months into his new business endeavor, Ukanwoke has hired 10 instructors and has about 200 students, with an average age of 26. But the startup's journey so far has not been without challenges -- Nigerian laws require universities to have a physical campus so last year Ukanwoke went and bought land in the country's Benue State with the goal to build a private campus that could accommodate some 10,000 students. The project is expected to launch next year, but in the meantime the web courses are up and running -- a 12 week online program can cost between $100 and $300. Among the courses offered are corporate diplomacy, global marketing, leadership and management, digital journalism, project management and entrepreneurship and innovation, which is the university's most popular class. "It's good because I have four kids," says Chinenye Madukwe, one of BAU's students. "I have opportunity to work at the same time, because I have a small interior design outfit." Oo Nwoye, another BAU student, says he enrolled "for the knowledge." "It is just helpful for my business and that is the most important thing to me," he explains. Education is key. A son of two teachers, Ukanwoke says he is driven by his passion to use technology to solve social problems. "I grew up within the framework where education was put at a very high level of importance, and entrepreneurship is something that I always wanted to do," he says. "Without education I don't think we can do any progress," he adds. "It's not just about getting a certificate -- education is about teaching people how to make a living and teaching people how to live; how to interact with others, how to lead their lives and make something out of themselves," continues Ukanwoke. "With education comes discipline and we need a lot of discipline in Nigeria as well, so education is really important." Ukanwoke relies mainly on social media to advertize but says that it's student referrals that are increasing BAU's enrollment. "We still have a long way to go, we have a lot of work to do, a lot of policy wrangling too," he admits. "But it's a work in progress and we are quite happy with where we are."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Days before the start of Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation hearings, a new national poll indicates that by a narrow margin, Americans would like the Senate to confirm her as the next Supreme Court justice.|||Critics warn confirmation hearings for Judge Sonia Sotomayor could turn into a partisan battle. In a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Friday, 47 percent of people questioned would like to see the Senate vote in favor of Sotomayor's confirmation, with 40 percent opposed and 13 percent unsure. Sotomayor, a New York federal appeals court judge, was nominated by President Obama in May to succeed retiring Supreme Court Justice David Souter. The poll suggests a partisan divide, with nearly seven in 10 Democrats supporting Sotomayor's confirmation, Independents split, and nearly two out of three Republicans opposing Senate confirmation. Read the poll (pdf) "Republican opposition to Sotomayor's confirmation is a higher level of opposition from the party out of power than any Supreme Court nominee has faced in the past two decades," said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. Only 32 percent of Republicans opposed Ruth Ginsburg's 1993 nomination by President Bill Clinton to the high court, Holland said. "In 2005, when it was the GOP's turn to appoint justices, only 35 percent of Democrats opposed John Roberts, and 46 percent of Democrats opposed Samuel Alito the following year," Holland said. "And even when Bush nominated Harriet Miers, opposition among Democrats to her confirmation hit only 53 percent." The poll also indicates that Americans are split over whether senators are justified in voting against Sotomayor, based solely on her stand on the issues. Americans seem to agree that the confirmation hearings in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which begin Monday, could turn into a partisan battle. Six out of 10 said a major fight between Democrats and Republicans will occur, with 38 percent saying that the hearings will be a relatively easy process with bipartisan agreement. The percentage of those who would like to see Sotomayor confirmed in the CNN poll is lower than in other national surveys released in the past few weeks. "One possible reason why the CNN poll shows less support for Sotomayor than other recent polls is a difference in the question wording," Holland said. "Polls by other organizations have described Sotomayor as Barack Obama's choice for the Supreme Court. But in order to make historical comparisons, the CNN poll used a question dating back to 1987 that does not mention the president's name." Americans can be swayed by a familiar name, in this case Obama, when questioned about someone who has not been in the public eye, Holland said. "Some of Obama's popularity may have rubbed off onto Sotomayor in polls conducted by other organizations," Holland said. "Ultimately, however, Supreme Court nominees rise or fall on their own merits." The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey was conducted from June 26 to 28, with 1,026 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration is considering the possibility of removing all U.S. troops in Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission officially finishes at the end of 2014, White House officials said Tuesday.|||The comments by Ben Rhodes, the White House's deputy national security adviser, come as the Pentagon and White House mull over the number of troops that could be left in Afghanistan after 2014 to fight insurgents and train Afghan security forces. Afghan President Hamid Karzai and President Obama are scheduled to meet on Friday in Washington. Presidents look to future of Afghanistan. Rhodes said the administration is considering a range of options, with one scenario having no U.S. troops there. The range, according to defense officials, had until recently been between 6,000 and 15,000 U.S. troops possibly remaining in the country, based on an assessment by the U.S. top commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John Allen. "We have an objective of making sure there's no safe haven for al Qaeda within Afghanistan and making sure that the Afghan government has a security force that is sufficient, again, to assure the stability of the Afghan government and the denial of that safe haven," Rhodes said. "That's what causes us to look for different potential troop numbers or not having potential troops in the country," he continued. Rhodes said there were no expectations of any deal on post-2014 troop levels during the Karzai visit, and he said it could be months before any decision was made. Suicide bombing kills 5. The White House remains committed to ensuring Afghanistan does not return to its status as a safe haven for Al Qaeda, Rhodes said. "The president does not view these negotiations as having a goal of keeping U.S. troops in Afghanistan," he said. "And we're guided by the shared missions that we've agreed to with the Afghans, the training and equipping of their forces, and counterterrorism." But the United States also is insistent on legal protection for any troops in Afghanistan after 2014. If there is no agreement on that between the United States and Karzai between now and the end of 2014, then it could lead to a similar situation for the United States as when it left Iraq. The refusal by the Iraqi government to extend legal protections for U.S. troops after the end of the war in Iraq was a major reason the United States left the country with no residual military training force. But Karzai has said he would like for U.S. troops to remain after the end of the NATO mission. He also has been highly critical of the troops over the years, following incidents in which U.S. forces have killed civilians. Attack takes life of British soldier. U.S. defense officials are playing a wait-and-see game on what the Karzai visit will produce. As one defense official told CNN on Monday about the Afghan president, "It's Karzai; who knows what he will want on any given day?"
(CNN) -- The sobbing woman pleads for help in a 911 call.|||"There's a guy breaking in my front door," she says. The dispatcher repeats: "There's a guy breaking in your front door?" The caller comes back quickly: "He's trying to kick it down." She cries as she tells the dispatcher that the man is yelling. She describes what he's wearing -- a green shirt and khakis or jeans. As she anxiously awaits police, she repeatedly asks, "Oh my God, are they almost here?" The frantic 911 call, released by authorities Tuesday, brought officers to the North Carolina home on Saturday. Minutes later, 12 bullets from one officer's gun flew toward the 24-year-old unarmed man outside, who authorities now believe had been looking for help after a car accident. Police say the officer hit him 10 times. Now Jonathon Ferrell is dead. And Randall Kerrick, the police officer who shot him, faces a felony charge of voluntary manslaughter. The release of the 911 tape Tuesday is the latest twist in a case that has drawn national attention and calls from some activists to charge the police officer with murder. Police have said Kerrick and two other officers responded to what they believed was a "breaking and entering" call. When they got to the scene, police say, a man matching the 911 caller's description ran toward them. Attorney for man's family: Killing was cold-blooded. Attorney Chris Chestnut says that's when something went terribly wrong. And he says Ferrell's family members watched a police video on Monday that shows it. Chestnut says the video, filmed from the dashboard of one of the police cruisers on scene, shows a clearly unarmed Ferrell moving forward toward police with his hands out, then panicking as two laser beams hit the center of his chest. "Then he gets excited, and he's like -- 'wait, wait, wait' -- and he's coming forward saying, 'stop,' and he goes off camera, and you just hear shots. One, two, three, four...pause...one, two, three, four, five, six...pause. One, two." Police declined CNN's request to review the dash-cam video, saying it was sealed as part of the ongoing investigation into the shooting. They have said one of the officers fired his stun gun as Ferrell came toward them. When that was "unsuccessful," police said, another officer opened fire. Now police say Kerrick used excessive force and had no cause to shoot Ferrell. "Our investigation has shown that Officer Kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge his weapon during this encounter," police said in a statement Monday. They've charged Kerrick with voluntary manslaughter, a felony. He was released Sunday on $50,000 bond. But Chestnut, who watched the video with Ferrell's family in a meeting with the Charlotte-Mecklenburg police chief on Monday, said there's only one way to interpret it. "Cold blooded," he said. "Badge or no badge, that's murder." Attorney for officer: His actions were justified. Michael Green, a defense attorney representing Kerrick, declined to comment on evidence in the case. "We're not going to make any general statements about the evidence at this time, as the case is still pending. We're going to allow this case to be tried in a court of law," he said. "However, we're confident that the resolution of this case will be found that Officer Kerrick's actions were justified on the night in question." In a statement to investigators regarding the shooting, Kerrick said he suffered injuries and was assaulted. A probable cause hearing has been set for October 7. At a news conference Monday, Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe said the department's hearts go out to Ferrell's family and to members of the police force. "This is never something easy," he said. The police department said in a written statement Monday that the shooting "has devastated a family as well as caused a great deal of sadness and anxiety in our organization. "However we must always strive to bring forth all facts and evidence in every case to determine when it is appropriate to place criminal charges against a member of the department," the news released added. Charlotte police kill ex-FAMU football player. CNN's Josh Levs, Ed Payne and Rich Phillips contributed to this report.
KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's new government has converted its deposed king's opulent palace into a museum and unfurled the national flag on Sunday as a symbolic move to signify the end of monarchy.|||The Narayanthi Royal Palace has been converted into a museum. "The national flag is fluttering in the hands of the people in the royal palace now," said Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala at a ceremony at the former palace Sunday. Ex-King Gyanendra, 60, left Narayanhiti Royal Palace on Wednesday. He will live as a civilian in a summer palace on a forested hilltop outside the capital. Gyanendra's departure came following the declaration of the former Himalayan kingdom as a republic last month. The monarchy's end after 239 years of rule was the culmination of a two-year peace process in which Maoist insurgents in Nepal gave up their armed struggle, joined mainstream politics and won the most seats in April's election for the Constituent Assembly. The assembly is tasked with rewriting the constitution, deciding the country's future political system and governing the nation. Gyanendra came to power in 2001 when his brother, King Birendra, and his family were massacred in the palace by the crown prince, who later shot himself. Gyanendra last week denied rumors that he had played a role in that event.
Moscow (CNN) -- As the Bolshoi Ballet's artistic director Sergei Filin entered the security code of his Moscow apartment, a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face, temporarily blinding him and leaving him with severe burns.|||A Russian police investigation led to the arrests of three people: an alleged assailant, a getaway driver and a Bolshoi dancer who they say had a "hostile relationship" with Filin and confessed to ordering the January attack. Investigators say they've solved the case and the company's traumatized dancers are getting on with their jobs of rehearsing and staging productions. But this world famous institution is still very much in a state of crisis. It's being torn apart from within as two men battle fiercely to control it. The opponents are very different people. Anatoly Iksanov is a long-serving bureaucrat. He's been general director of the Bolshoi Theater for more than 12 years. Nikolai Tsiskaridze is one of the Bolshoi's principal dancers and a superstar of the ballet world. Tsiskaridze says he is fighting for his job and the future of the Bolshoi. The bitterness between these men became very public in January after the acid attack on Filin. Police investigating the attack always suspected the attack was connected to his work. It's no secret that Tsiskaridze and Filin do not get along and Tsiskaridze was interviewed. But another dancer -- Pavel Dmitrichenko -- was arrested. Read more: Russia's Bolshoi Ballet director may lose sight after acid attack. Dmitrichenko has confessed to organizing the attack but says Filin was only supposed to be beaten and that he was shocked when he heard about the acid. Iksanov, the general director, says the attack is the result of a lawless atmosphere within the dance company he says has been created by Tsiskaridze. But Tsiskaridze says Iksanov has been trying to get rid of him ever since he criticized the Bolshoi Theater's $760 million renovation. He says as one of the theater's most famous artists he has been able to speak without restraint and that if he were to be fired no-one in the theater would have a voice. "It means evil will completely win." Read more: Bolshoi Ballet 'villain' arrested in director's acid attack. Tsiskaridze says there has been an attempt to create a public perception that he was somehow involved in the criminal case, despite investigators not linking him to the attack. "Three days after the tragedy, the general director himself suddenly made a statement claiming that I allegedly had nothing to do with all this -- just so that my name would be sounded," he said. Tsiskaridze says other dancers were asked to sign a letter against him and that his students are punished by being overlooked for important parts. The dancer appeared in court Friday in an attempt to have two official employment warnings overturned. He had received them for giving two media interviews without the theater's permission. His lawyer, Svetlana Volodina, confirmed to CNN that the court overturned one of the warnings but ruled that the other should stay in place. She said they would appeal after reading the full written judgment. Read more: Bolshoi prima ballerina's grace under pressure. Speaking to CNN ahead of the hearing, Tsiskaridze said the Bolshoi was not "a secret organization" and that he was entitled to his opinion -- which is that President Vladimir Putin should step in to settle the dispute -- and fire Iksanov. Tsiskaridze says he's ready to take up the job of director general himself, if he's asked. "The president himself should get involved because the president is the face of the country. This is a flagship of Russian art. A bureaucrat with no musical education cannot be allowed to get even with a dancer," he said. "This is primarily causing enormous damage to the reputation of the country." However, Iksanov dismisses Tsiskaridze's allegations and says he's not ready to leave the Bolshoi. "If Tsiskaridze thinks he can help the theater that's his personal matter. I don't think he can -- because you need a few more qualities than just scandal and fame." Both men are said to have support from different factions within the government, but so far President Putin hasn't declared any view on the rivalries, which are steadily tearing away at the credibility of one of Russia's most iconic international brands.
(CNN) -- Militants in Iraq have taken hold of nuclear materials at university science facilities near the northern city of Mosul, the Iraqi government has said in a letter to the United Nations.|||But two U.S. officials told CNN on Wednesday that the small amounts of uranium aren't enriched or weapons-grade, prompting only minimal concern. The letter from Iraq's U.N. ambassador about the uranium compounds asks for help "to stave off the threat of their use by terrorists in Iraq or abroad" as the country struggles with a deadly insurgency. In the letter, obtained Wednesday by CNN, Iraqi Ambassador Mohamed Ali Alhakim said that "terrorist groups have seized control" of nearly 40 kilograms (90 pounds) of uranium compounds at science departments at the University of Mosul after the sites "came out of control of the state." The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, an al Qaeda splinter group, has led Sunni insurgents who have taken over large areas of northern and western Iraq in an offensive that began last month. The terrorist group has also made major gains in Syria in its quest to establish an Islamic state spanning both countries. In his letter, dated Tuesday, Alhakim said the nuclear materials were used in "very limited quantities" for scientific study and research. But he warned that despite the small amounts, the materials could be used by terrorists in Iraq or smuggled out of the country. "Such materials can be used in manufacturing weapons of mass destruction," Alhakim wrote in the letter, which was first reported by Reuters. Iraq witnessed another violent day Wednesday as the country's security and political crises deepened. More than 50 unidentified bodies were found in the predominantly Shiite town of Alexandria on Wednesday, Iraqi security officials said. The bodies of two children were among the dozens found in different parts of the town. Details about the circumstances of the deaths were not immediately available, and officials did not say when the people may have been killed. Not far from Alexandria, at least five people were killed and 17 wounded by three car bombs that exploded in front of a courthouse in the town of Hilla, security and medical officials said. Hilla is about 92 kilometers (57 miles) south of Baghdad and is the first sizable town south of the capital. CNN's Richard Roth, Elise Labott, Hamdi Alkhshali and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The evolution of drones continues.|||The U.S. Naval Research Laboratory on Thursday announced it successfully launched a drone from a submerged submarine. The technology is being pursued to give sailors additional intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance abilities. Some of the funding for the project came from SwampWorks, a program of the Office of Naval Research that focuses on innovative and cutting-edge technologies. "Developing disruptive technologies and quickly getting them into the hands of our sailors is what our SwampWorks program is all about," said Craig A. Hughes, acting director of innovation at Office of Naval Research. "This demonstration really underpins ONR's dedication and ability to address emerging fleet priorities." Your personal $849 underwater 'drone' The drone, or unmanned aerial system, was launched from a torpedo tube on the USS Providence, the Navy said in a news release. The drone itself was inside a launch vehicle called the Sea Robin that fit inside the torpedo tube. Once launched, the Sea Robin made its way to the ocean surface and, upon command, the drone itself launched from there, the Navy said. The drone, powered with electric fuel cells, then flew for hours, streaming live video back to Navy officials. Unlike other projects that can take decades to produce results, the technology to launch a drone from a submerged submarine took just six years from concept to demonstration, the Navy said. "This six-year effort represents the best in collaboration of a Navy laboratory and industry to produce a technology that meets the needs of the special operations community," said Warren Schultz, program developer and manager at the Naval Research Laboratory. "The creativity and resourcefulness brought to this project by a unique team of scientists and engineers represents an unprecedented paradigm shift in UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) propulsion and launch systems." U.S. Navy launches stealth sub.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- The Pakistani government convened a meeting on Monday of nearly all of the country's political parties, in an effort to consolidate broad national support for its military operation to crush Taliban militants in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley.|||Pakistani civilians flee to camps for the internally displaced in Mardan district on May 15, 2009. The leaders of 42 political parties were expected to attend the All Party Congress in Islamabad, the capital. Meanwhile, fierce fighting continued in Swat on Monday -- 27 Taliban fighters were killed, including three commanders, along with three Pakistani soldiers, said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas, a spokesman for the Pakistani military. In a separate move to pressure the Taliban, hundreds of Muslim clerics gathered in Islamabad on Sunday to issue a unanimous declaration that denounced the militants' violent tactics. "Suicide attacks and beheading is haram," the resolution said. "Haram" means forbidden according to Islam. National consensus is critical for the military offensive to succeed, said a senior foreign diplomat stationed in Islamabad. Speaking on condition of anonymity, the diplomat singled out Mian Mohammed Nawaz Sharif, leader of the PML-N party and the most powerful political rival to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, as saying that without Sharif's support, the anti-Taliban campaign would be doomed. Sharif was at Monday's All Party Congress. The Pakistani military mounted its first assault on al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in tribal areas along Pakistan's mountainous border with Afghanistan in 2004. There have since been a number of military offensives against the Taliban, with questionable results. The attacks have displaced hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis and done considerable damage to homes and infrastructure. The Taliban has extended its area of control from the border all the way to the district of Buner, just 100 kilometers (60 miles) from the Pakistani capital. The military attacked Taliban fighters in Buner late last month. As of Sunday, troops were still battling to dislodge insurgents from parts of Buner, according to Pakistani military spokesmen. The top U.S. military commander told the Senate Armed Services Committee last week that it was too early to pass judgment on Pakistan's most recent military offensive. "My biggest question about these operations is their ability to sustain them over time," said Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. "Historically, they haven't done that." The United Nations says the fighting has forced more than 1 million Pakistanis to flee their homes in the northwest of the country since May 2. Prime Minister Yusuf Reza Gilani, addressing the All Party Congress on Monday, said, "The army will remain in these areas until the displaced people can return to their homes, and until peace is established."
(CNN) -- A Russian television reporter was killed Tuesday while covering the crisis in Ukraine, according to state-run media.|||Igor Kornelyuk, a correspondent with Russia's state-run VGTRK, came under mortar fire along with his crew near the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk, according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, a regional security bloc. Kornelyuk later died at a Luhansk hospital, said ITAR-Tass, a Russian government news agency. "This death is yet another horrid reminder that not enough is being done to protect journalists who risk their lives reporting from conflict zones in Ukraine," said Dunja Mijatovic, the OSCE's representative on freedom of the media. Mijatovic also said the crew's sound engineer, Anton Voloshin, is missing. Much of the conflict has been centered in Luhansk. On Monday, hundreds of pro-Russian militants carried out a coordinated assault on a border guard base there. Five of those militants were killed in the attack, said Oleg Slobodyan, the spokesman for the Ukrainian State Border Guard Service. Seven people were also killed Monday in a separate attack at a Luhansk government building, health officials said.
(CNN) -- I was a high school student in 1983, when the video for "Thriller" was released, getting plenty of air time on MTV. By then, the network's "M" could just as easily have stood for Michael. It was an event.|||At a time when MTV was criticizing for not featuring black artists, Michael Jackson's success changed all that. I can remember getting together with a group of friends to watch the premiere like it was a new movie release. The video did not disappoint. Once again Michael disregarded all conventions of the genre and not just redefined, but completely re-imagined, what a music video could be. But most people don't know that the album broke new ground in a non-musical way, too. Viewers today of MTV, with its steady stream of reality shows like "Real World 22 - Cancun" and "16 and Pregnant," might forget that, when it started nearly three decades ago, MTV was all music, all day. Actually, it wasn't really all music. It was just what MTV considered rock music. By the late 1970s, radio formats had essentially resegregated the music world. When MTV launched in 1981, it modeled its playlist on the popular album-oriented rock radio format of the day, which meant that music by black artists was effectively excluded from the network. You might see the occasional Jimi Hendrix clip, but there was no room for funk, disco, R&B or that new emerging form -- rap. It wasn't long before the public took note of the glaring absence of African-American artists. MTV was called to task on the air in 1983 for its lack of black artists by none other than David Bowie. At about the same time, MTV famously refused to air Rick James' "Superfreak" video. It defended itself by claiming it wasn't a rock song. Michael Jackson changed all that. Jackson opened the door with the video for "Billie Jean," which was simply too good for its time to be overlooked. He blew that door wide open with "Beat It," which featured a guitar solo by the reigning rock god of the day, Eddie Van Halen. Jackson succeeded in this not just because he was a great singer, but because of his musical daring. "Beat It" was a song that was incapable of being slotted among the genres of the day. Yes, it had all the signatures of a rock song -- overdriven guitars, a driving tempo and a searing solo. But it had more. It had a backbeat. You could dance to it. You wanted to dance to it. And the viewers loved it, regardless of their race or ethnicity. iReport.com: Share stories of Jackson's success, legacy. Jackson's effect on MTV was both immediate and permanent. His videos became cultural events and his success laid waste to the notion that white rock audiences wouldn't tune in for "black" music. In the aftermath of Jackson's breakthrough success, MTV helped usher rap into the mainstream with shows like "Yo! MTV Raps," and black artists like Prince and Chaka Khan became mainstays of the network. It wasn't long before young people schooled on a diet that ranged from Public Enemy to AC/DC began to experiment with what those genres would sound like if they were combined -- just as Jackson had done with "Beat It." The outcome was some of the most interesting music of the next decade. Artists like Linkin Park, Rage Against the Machine, P.O.D. and Beck all owe a debt of gratitude to Jackson for creating a welcoming environment. And we as fans all owe him the acknowledgment reserved for those individuals whose achievements transcend their chosen field and reshape the world around us.  Watch fans in Los Angeles react to Jackson's death ». I was always mournful about the sad spectacle his life became in recent years. But that should not detract from the meteor-like impact he had on popular culture at his peak. Michael Jackson was the Jackie Robinson of MTV. He disregarded the conventional categories of the day and created something that was both new and immediately accessible to millions of listeners. In so doing, he forced an industry still informed by stubborn prejudices to rethink itself. Most successful entertainers can ride in tandem with the zeitgeist for only so long before they drift away. Michael Jackson did more than that. He inhabited the zeitgeist and bent it to his will. No matter where his life may have gone after that, it cannot overshadow this transcendent moment.
Check your Facebook mail lately?|||Didn't think so. Apparently not many others did, either. So after three-plus years, the world's largest social media outlet is pulling the plug on its little-used e-mail service, the company confirmed Tuesday. "We're making this change because most people haven't been using their Facebook e-mail address, and we can focus on improving our mobile messaging experience for everyone," Facebook said in a statement. For those who do have a Facebook mail account, messages will be forwarded to the primary e-mail address listed in a user's account, the company said. The changes are planned to roll out in March, and users can turn off that forwarding option if they prefer not to have their personal inboxes flooded with these messages. "It's a little bit of bowing to the inevitable," said Justin Lafferty, editor of the trade site Inside Facebook. The e-mail addresses, which showed up as messages for Facebook users, never took off, and when Facebook tried to make them the default e-mail accounts for all users in mid-2012, "a lot of people were unhappy with that," he said. "It was kind of rolled out to everyone regardless of what they wanted," Lafferty said. With last week's $19 billion acquisition of WhatsApp, the fast-growing messaging service, Facebook  is focusing more on mobile messaging than e-mail these days. Facebook ventured into the e-mail field in November 2010, adding the service to the messaging system already used heavily by its 1.2 billion users. CEO Mark Zuckerberg said at the time that the system would complement, not compete, with entrenched e-mail giants such as Google, Yahoo and Microsoft. "We don't expect anyone to wake up tomorrow and say, 'I'm going to shut down my Yahoo account or my Gmail account and switch exclusively to Facebook.' But we do expect a shift to more real-time  communication," he said. Lafferty said the reversal is unlikely to be remembered in the company's annals -- much like the service itself. "Many people probably weren't even aware of the change," he said.
(CNN) -- Flavio Briatore has successfully appealed against his lifetime ban from Formula One for his part in a race-fixing conspiracy at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, CNN confirmed Tuesday.|||Former Renault team boss Briatore was handed the ban last September by the World Motor Sport Council following an enquiry ordered by governing body, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). It ruled that Briatore and his chief engineer Pat Symonds, who was given a five-year ban, ordered Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr. to deliberately crash his car to help his teammate Fernando Alonso to win F1's first-ever night race in Singapore. Blog: Court ruling sets dangerous precedent. But both men have had their suspensions quashed by the French high court sitting in Paris. The pair were also seeking substantial damages against the FIA of $1.5 million, but they have been awarded €15,000 ($21,630) and €5,000 ($7,220) respectively. The court gave the FIA 15 days to pay Briatore and Symonds, otherwise it will be given a penalty of €10,000 ($14,420) per day. The FIA has yet announce whether it will appeal the ruling. The court said that it had not annulled the decision by the World Motor Sport Council, but ruled it to be "irregular" and non-effective due to Mosley's level of involvement, the UK Press Assocation reported. "The decision of the World Council was presided over by the FIA president, who was well-known to be in conflict with Briatore, with Mr Mosley having played a leading role in launching the inquiry and its investigation in violation of the principle of separation of the power of the bodies," its judgment said. The 59-year-old Briatore said "justice has been done", the Press Association reported. "As a sports person and one passionately involved in car racing for more than 20 years, the decision to apply to the civil courts to contest a decision of the FIA was a difficult one for me to take," the Italian said. "The fact the World Motor Sport Council had been utilised to deal with a personal agenda aimed at pushing me out of the world of competition left me no other choice. "The decision handed down today restores to me the dignity and freedom certain people had arbitrarily attempted to deprive me of. "The court recognised all the criticisms I had formulated against the decision of the World Council were founded, by finding the FIA had rendered a decision it was not competent to pronounce, infringed its own articles of association, totally failed to respect my right to a fair defense and entrusted the tasks of investigation, prosecution and judgment to a principle player known by all to be hostile to me." Briatore said he would "enjoy this moment of happiness" before discussing whether he planned to return to F1. The court decision came soon after Renault, handed a two-year suspended ban at the FIA hearing over the Singapore incident, announced that Frenchman Eric Bouillier had been appointed as Briatore's replacement as team principal. The team is attempting to restore its reputation in the aftermath of the Singapore incident, which came to light after Piquet Jr. was sacked and then went public with his admission of involvement. Double world champion Alonso of Spain won the race -- the first for Renault in two years -- despite starting from 15th on the grid. Just two laps after Alonso came in early to take on more fuel, Piquet's crash forced the deployment of the safety car and the subsequent pit stop of nearly all the other drivers -- an action that promoted Alonso to fifth from where he went on to secure victory.
(CNN) -- Americans are forgoing medical attention in the face of high health-care costs, a new consumer health survey has found.|||The high cost of medical care and treatment has some sick people opting out of treatment, a survey finds. Specifically, 24 percent of people polled in the 2009 Deloitte Survey of Health Care Consumers decided not to seek medical care when they were sick or injured. The largest subgroups were those who were uninsured (36 percent), and those between ages 28 and 44, referred to as "Gen Y" respondents in the survey (37 percent). Two-fifths of the people who didn't see a doctor when they needed one did so because of the high cost of care. They either didn't have medical insurance coverage or they perceived the cost of such care to be excessive, according to the survey, which was released early Tuesday to CNN by the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions, a nonpartisan, independent research center. "Costs are impacting the system, and it's changing how we respond to our health care," said Paul Keckley, executive director of the center. In addition to data about how many Americans fail to seek necessary medical care because of high costs, another theme that emerged in the survey focused on consumers' dissatisfaction with the nation's health-care system:. • 94 percent of respondents said they believe health-care costs threaten their own financial security. • More than half said they think 50 percent or more of the money spent by Americans on health care is a waste. • Only 6 percent indicated their own family is totally prepared to shoulder the financial burden they expect to face. Not only are Americans putting off health care and facing increasing dissatisfaction, they are also shopping around for better deals on doctors' fees, prescription medication prices or health insurance plans to cut costs, according to the survey. There has been a lot of perceived loyalty and commitment in health care, Keckley said, and many providers think patients will stay with them. "This study suggests that people really don't [stay]," Keckley added. "And that's surprising." Despite the desire to shop around and gather more information to make improved decisions about their health-care choices, the abundance of options also can be baffling, says Kathleen Stoll, deputy director of Families USA. The group is a nonprofit, nonpartisan health care advocacy organization that regularly advises consumers on choosing insurance coverage plans. "People weigh the costs of deductibles versus premiums, and these options can be confusing. They are asking themselves, 'What is it that I can afford in the family budget?' I sense a lot of people feeling unnerved by having to choose less [insurance] coverage because that's all they can afford," Stoll told CNN. The survey also underscored Americans' receptiveness to innovations that potentially lower costs and offer greater convenience, pointing toward growing preferences for options such as retail walk-in primary care clinics in drug stores, medical tourism (high-quality, relatively inexpensive medical procedures obtained abroad) and Web-based medical services (often referred to as e-visits). Sampling a nationally representative group of more than 4,000 adults using a Web-based questionnaire, the survey was funded by the center's parent company, Deloitte LLP, which has a wide range of clients in the health care industry. The center released its first version of the annual survey results in 2008. Last month, the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation released its own health-care survey findings, with even greater numbers reflecting cutbacks in spending on medical services and treatments. According to the report, more than half of American households scaled back health-care spending in the previous 12 months before the survey, which was conducted in early February. Families relied on home remedies and over-the-counter medications instead of going to the doctor about 35 percent of the time, and they skipped visits to the dentist 34 percent of the time.
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- Seeking to identify the man who shot dead another man outside a store in Naples, Italy, in the spring, an anti-mafia prosecutor distributed on Thursday a video showing the execution.|||The surveillance-camera video, shot May 11, shows a man wearing a baseball cap, dark jersey, blue jeans and running shoes entering a store, walking to the back and looking around, then walking out. As he exits, he pulls a pistol from his right front pants pocket and shoots a man standing outside the store. As the victim buckles to his knees and then sprawls headlong on the pavement, the killer approaches him from behind and squeezes off a second round into the back of his head, turns and strides unhurriedly out of camera view. Passers-by appear unfazed. One woman tries to lift the victim's head in an apparent attempt to see whether she knows him; a man steps over the body. "Indeed, it is ugly to see people behaving as if that was not a dead body and going on their daily routine," a police spokesman said. "Unfortunately, this is not an anomaly in Naples and in that neighborhood." He said fear led people to behave that way. The spokesman, who asked not to be identified, said anti-mafia prosecutor Sergio Amato released the video to the media in hopes that someone would recognize the killer and his apparent accomplice: a man who had been standing next to the victim and walked off just before the shooting. Police said no motive has been determined for the killing, which took place in the poor neighborhood of Rione Sanita, where Camorra -- the name for organized crime in Naples -- is strong. The victim was a bank robber, the spokesman said. Italian Minister for Equal Opportunities Maria Rosaria Carfagna called the video "tragic." "It shows us, finally, without any censorship, a disgusting side of the Camorra, which along with all the rest of its disgusting faces, has forced a city, a region, a territory, to be ashamed of itself and to hide its real face. "A street homicide, in broad daylight, in the center of a great European city cannot be considered normal and even less be accepted by the conscience of all Italians as if it were a TV show," she said. "The police forces are waging a battle against organized crime, as the number of arrests shows us. The state is there and in strong force. But, and I speak here as someone from the Campania region, Naples and all of Campania need not only a strong political force but the courage of all its citizens." Roberto Saviano, author of the book "Gomorrah," which details the Camorra, called the video "shocking." "What is shocking about this video is the absolute serenity of the people around the victim," he told the daily newspaper La Repubblica. Saviano, who has lived under police protection since shortly after his book was published in 2006, added, "Unfortunately, though, when a city is at war, its citizens undergo and live almost with normal indifference." Italy's Green Party is offering 2,000 euros ($2,963) to whoever helps investigators identify the suspects. "The Camorra pays them to keep quiet; we pay them to speak," said Francesco Emilio Borelli, head of the Green Party in the Campania region. The police spokesman said Camorra has been blamed for about 60 killings this year in Naples and its surrounding county.
Chicago, Illinois (CNN) -- The four people found dead this week in a suburban Chicago home were the victims of a murder-suicide, a coroner said.|||A man, a woman and two boys were found dead Wednesday in a house in Addison, Illinois, west of Chicago, according to the DuPage County coroner's office. A statement from the coroner's office identified the four as Thomas Mangiantini, 48, his wife Elizabeth, 46, and the couple's two sons, Angelo, 12, and Thomas, 8. The deaths of Elizabeth Mangiantini and the two children were called homicides in the coroner's report. Thomas Mangiantini's manner of death was ruled a suicide, the report said. Police received a 911 call from a woman at 6:30 a.m. CT Wednesday, according to CNN affiliate WGN-TV in Chicago. When officers arrived at the scene, they found a female dead downstairs in the house and the bodies of three males upstairs, according to WGN. A spokesman for the Addison Police Department declined to give more information Friday.
(CNN) -- A Colorado teenager is facing a first-degree murder charge, accused of stabbing her mother 79 times in the face and neck in the bathroom of their Aurora home.|||Isabella Yun-Mi Guzman, 18, is being held without bond at the Arapahoe County Jail in the August 28 stabbing death of her mother, Yun-Mi Hoy, 47. The teen's stepfather, Ryan Hoy, told authorities that Guzman and her mother had often fought in the past, but Guzman spit in her mother's face and became "more threatening and disrespectful towards her mother" in the days leading up to the killing, according to an arrest affidavit. Hoy told police that his wife showed him an e-mail Guzman allegedly sent her on the morning of the killing, which included the words, "You will pay," the affidavit states. That e-mail prompted Yun-Mi Hoy to call police later that day and ask them to come to her home because her daughter had threatened to harm her, according to the affidavit. After speaking to Yun-Mi Hoy and Guzman, responding officers determined there "were ongoing family issues between them and it appeared to be resolved," court documents state. Ryan Hoy told authorities that after the officers left, Guzman went to her bedroom and remained there the rest of the evening while her mother went back to work. When Yun-Mi Hoy arrived home around 9:30 p.m., Ryan Hoy said, she went upstairs to take a shower. Hoy told police he then "heard a thumping sound coming from upstairs and his wife call his name," according to the affidavit. Hoy told authorities that as he tried to open the bathroom door, Guzman was pushing against it with her back to keep it closed. Hoy said he then went downstairs, called 911 and told a dispatcher that his "wife and daughter were inside the bathroom and he could see blood coming from under the door to the bathroom," the affidavit states. Hoy also told police that when he went back upstairs, he saw Guzman standing in the bathroom doorway holding a knife. "Hoy then observed his wife lying on the floor of the bathroom covered in blood" with a baseball bat lying next to her body, the affidavit says. When police arrived at the home, they found Yun-Mi Hoy's nude body lying on the bathroom floor with numerous lacerations and stab wounds. She was pronounced dead at the scene at 10:28 p.m. An autopsy showed she had 31 stab wounds to the face and 48 stab wounds to the neck, according to the affidavit. Guzman was arrested Thursday at a parking garage by Aurora police. On Friday morning, a judge ordered that she be held without bond. Calls to the Aurora Public Defender's Office to locate an attorney for Guzman were not returned.
(CNN) -- Green Day's lead singer is seeking treatment for substance abuse, the rock band announced Sunday, two days after the performer's expletive-laden meltdown during a show in Las Vegas.|||The band said on its website that Billie Joe Armstrong, its charismatic frontman, would get help for substance abuse, though it did not specify the nature of his problems. The announcement follows Armstrong's on-stage meltdown on Friday during the iHeartRadio Music Festival at the MGM Grand. 2011: Billie Joe Armstrong's pants get him grounded. Video from the event, captured on YouTube, shows Armstrong cursing profusely after cutting a song short. He then goes on a profanity-filled rant, pointing to a sign indicating Green Day had only one minute left in its set, far shorter than he'd expected. "You've got to be ... kidding me," said Armstrong, noting his longevity on the music scene and disparaging teen pop sensation Justin Bieber, who was not among the festival performers. "This is a ... joke." Armstrong then slams his guitar on the stage, shredding it and tossing its remnants into the crowd. He then flashes his middle finger and walks off the stage. Green Day references the meltdown in its website message. "We would like everyone to know that our set was not cut short by Clear Channel and to apologize to those we offended at the iHeartRadio Festival in Las Vegas," the band said. iHeartRadio is a division of Clear Channel Broadcasting. It wasn't clear how the development would affect Green Day's upcoming tour, which is set to kick off in earnest November 26 in Seattle, though the band did say it "regretfully must postpone our upcoming promotional appearances." Nor is it known how it might affect NBC's singing talent competition, "The Voice," on which Armstrong had been slated to be a mentor to participants. Armstrong was rushed to a hospital in Italy earlier this month "due to illness," Green Day bassist Mike Dirnt said then in a video posted on the band's website. After forming in 1987, the veteran punk band broke through in 1994 with the release of "Dookie," which sold 15 million and earned the band a Grammy for best alternative music performance. Green Day continued to produce hit albums like "Insomniac," "Nimrod" and "Warning." In 2004, the band took another major step forward with the release of "American Idiot," which won a Grammy for best rock album and inspired a "rock opera" years later by the same name. The rockers remained relevant in subsequent years, including capturing yet another Grammy in 2009 for the politically charged album "21st Century Breakdown." The band is set to release yet another album, "Uno," on Tuesday. That will be followed by two others, "Dos" and "Tre," scheduled to come out November 13 and January 15, 2013, respectively. 2010: A fan's take on 'Green Day: Rock Band'
(CNN)  -- Blind violinist Romel Joseph laid in what he called his "grave" for 18 hours.|||The concrete support beams of his music school in Haiti pinned his legs and feet. Buried in the rubble of the five-story building, Romel realized he was trapped and would not be able to get out on his own. He was overwhelmed by the hot air. He began to have a conversation with God. "I said, 'I would like to know if you are here. I'm really hot ... and don't have much time to live so if you are here, I'm really hot and I need some cool air.' And believe it or not, the next thing I know, there's cool air that got in." He began to pray every hour, for 20 minutes or so, and then came his music. First he pictured himself playing a Tchaikovsky concerto. And then every hour another concerto. "I know I picked the Brahms, the Franz, the Sibelius. I picked several," Romel remembers. "I know a lot of concertos for violins. And I picked the longer ones." iReport: Haiti's missing and found. And so as the hours passed by, and his friends tried to rescue him from the concrete debris, another prayer, and another concerto took place below. "I pictured walking on stage and playing to a full hall. And you start playing up to the end." His friends were able to remove him from the rubble of the New Victorian School at 11 a.m. the day after the earthquake, about 18 hours later. Later that week, he was airlifted out of Port-au-Prince by the American Embassy to Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Florida. Full coverage. He's being treated for not only the injuries he sustained to his legs, but also a fracture to his left hand. The fracture has left doctors questioning whether Romel will ever be able to play a violin again. Romel is certain he will. "I have to play so they can hear what I want them to play." Finding shelter, aid, supplies. Romel still has a few weeks left before he will be able to leave the hospital. But once he does, he's already talking about going back to Haiti and wants to begin the rebuilding of the school. On his remarkable story of survival, he says it's all in the way you look at things. "I'm really proud that I was able to be in a horrible place and survive in a constructive, positive way."
After 10 days stranded far from home, all 52 passengers from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice have now been transferred by helicopter to an Australian icebreaker.|||"It's 100% we're off! A huge thanks to all," tweeted Chris Turney, an Australian professor among the group of scientists, journalists and tourists marooned on the ship. A helicopter from a nearby Chinese icebreaker ferried passengers Thursday to the Australian icebreaker, the Aurora Australis. The rescue is the latest chapter in a saga that began Christmas Eve after the Russian-flagged MV Akademik Shokalskiy got stuck in unusually thick ice. Officials abandoned a succession of other rescue attempts in recent days because of the treacherous conditions in the region. Earlier Thursday, Australian authorities had said a plan involving the helicopter and a barge was put on hold because of shifting ice conditions. But the new approach, which skipped the use of the barge, got under way later in the day. Turney posted videos showing the helicopter arriving on a makeshift helipad on the ice near the trapped ship and taking off into the crisp blue sky. Robert Darvill, chief mate on the Aurora Australis, told CNN that the 52 new passengers on board were very happy to be there and kept thanking the icebreaker's crew for their efforts. "They are on their second dinner of the night right now," he said. Long journey ahead. It will still be weeks before the research team makes it to the Australian port of Hobart, said John Young of the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. "Mid-January is our best guess," Young told reporters on a conference call. The Aurora Australis is still expected to complete a resupply mission to Casey Station, an Australian base in Antarctica, before making its way to Hobart. Darvill said that now all the passengers are on the Aurora Australis, the vessel will try to move out of the heavy pack ice and into more open water. But, he said, they will not set off toward Casey Station until the Rescue Coordination Center of Australia gives them the green light. Darvill also thanked the captain of the Chinese icebreaker whose help made the rescue possible. "Thank you very much for your cooperation. Your crew has done the lion's share of the work and made Australia and much of the world proud," he said. Meanwhile, the master of the Akademik Shokalskiy has decided to keep the 22 Russian crew members on board the stranded ship until the pack ice eventually breaks up and allows it to move again, Young said. The vessel has enough supplies to keep the crew going for "a very long time," he said. The helicopter rescue followed a failed attempt by the Chinese icebreaker, the Xue Long, which made it 6 nautical miles from the trapped vessel before being stopped by especially thick ice. That was followed by an effort by the Australian icebreaker, which was forced Monday to suspend efforts to reach the expedition because of bad weather. The Aurora Australis got within 10 nautical miles of the ship before it turned back. Over the weekend, the maritime agency called off an effort by the French icebreaker Astrolabe. Viral sensations. The exploits of the research crew have gone viral, thanks in large part to Twitter and YouTube posts by those aboard the stranded vessel. Turney, the leader of a research expedition on the Akademik Shokalskiy, has tweeted photos of the stranded ship, the crew and penguins, which have stopped by to check out their new neighbors. The group even managed to ring in 2014 with good cheer. "We're the A, A, E who have traveled far, having fun doing science in Antarctica!" a dozen or so of them sang in a video posted on YouTube. "Lots of snow and lots of ice, lots of penguins, which are very, very nice! "Really good food and company, but a bloody great shame we are still stuck here! Ice core, cha cha cha! Ice core, cha cha cha!" The expedition. Turney's expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began on November 27. The second and current leg of the trip started on December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on Saturday. The vessel got stuck in the ice 15 days after setting out on the second leg. Turney, a climate change professor at the University of New South Wales, has said the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet (3 meters) thick.
(CNN) -- The Golden Gate Bridge got its chance to shine Sunday, with people around the Bay Area flocking to the iconic span to celebrate its 75th birthday.|||Festivities that began in the morning and continued into the evening along San Francisco's northern waterfront within sight of the two legendary orange towers included musical and dance performances on stages in Crissy Field and Marina Green plus a historic watercraft parade. The aircraft carrier USS Nimitz passed under the bridge during the day, with its sailors saluting as sailboats flanked the ship. And there were less expected tributes as well, like the skywriter who spelled out "Happy 75th" above San Francisco Bay. Beacon in the bay: Golden Gate turns 75. Twitter was abuzz Sunday with people offering "feliz cumpleanos" ("happy birthday" in Spanish) and other salutations, with new messages appearing every few seconds. "Happy 75th Birthday to San Franciscos Golden Gate Bridge! You are beautiful," wrote one woman. The fun climaxes once the sun goes down over the abutting Pacific Ocean, with fireworks planned for 9:30 p.m. (12:30 a.m. ET) that aim to showcase the bridge, bay and nearby national parks, according to the official Golden Gate Bridge 75th Anniversary website. From a practical standpoint, the suspension bridge has served a key role connecting San Francisco and Marin County since opening to vehicles on May 28, 1937, a little more than four years after construction on it began. LIFE: 75 years of the Golden Gate Bridge in pictures. In the time since the first vehicles rolled across the 4,200-foot main span between the bridge's two towers, the Golden Gate has gained symbolic significance as emblematic of the Bay Area. And many have admired it for its artistic merit, with the bridge serving as the backdrop for countless photos, paintings and more. The bridge was made for superlatives and wow-inducing numbers, as provided by the Golden Gate Bridge Highway & Transportation District:. -- Each tower has approximately 600,000 rivets. -- The 4,200-foot suspension span was the longest in the world until New York's Verrazano-Narrows Bridge opened in 1964. -- Painting is an ongoing task, because it protects the bridge from high salt content in the air, which corrodes steel components. -- The bridge has been closed three times because of weather, most recently for nearly three-and-a-half hours on December 3, 1983, due to high winds that gusted up to 75 mph. On Sunday cars appeared to be moving smoothly over the bridge during the afternoon, though traffic backups may be in the forecast at night -- specifically between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m., when the bridge will close to vehicles. As for San Francisco's signature fog, the National Weather Service predicted patchy fog won't roll in until after 11 p.m. Mostly cloudy skies and winds gusting as strong as 23 mph are forecast for during the night.
(CNN) -- They say the longest journey starts with a single step.|||But with "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey," the first in a trilogy adapted from J.R.R. Tolkien's first novel, Peter Jackson has taken a different approach: He's gone two steps forward and three steps back. In the process he's undoubtedly made himself a whole lot richer. "The Hobbit" is dominating screen space across the globe this weekend, and will certainly be among the biggest moneymakers of the year. But he's also jeopardized the legacy of his own "Lord of the Rings." Fans won't want to hear it, but "An Unexpected Journey" is a major comedown, a muddle-headed and cumbersome piece of filmmaking that betrays Jackson's mercenary motives -- Tolkien's book, too. "The Hobbit" is far lighter work than what followed, and at approximately 350 pages, hardly crying out for the 10-hour magnum opus treatment (but three films are so much more profitable than one!) For fans, 'Hobbit' is a family reunion. In just shy of three hours, "An Unexpected Journey" takes the story up to chapter seven -- about 140 pages in my paperback edition. Jackson has shown his elephantine tendencies before, in the bloated and indulgent extended editions of the "Rings" films. But in the earlier trilogy -- which I admired and enjoyed, incidentally -- he clearly showed he had the measure of the material and understood both Tolkien's moral convictions and the books' darker forebodings of impending death and destruction. Even if it's something of a dry run for Frodo's odyssey, "The Hobbit" is a different beast. There's so much less at stake in the story of Bilbo Baggins (Martin Freeman) joining Gandalf (Ian McKellen) and a band of dwarves in a raid on a dragon's mountainous lair. This is an adventure story, a caper with elves and goblins. And yet Jackson gives it the same portentous, heroic swagger; the same doomy menaces. It's just that this time the action is spooned out in thimbles. The rest of the running time is given over to dwarfish humor, endless, unfunny comic bluster and banter interspersed with duff warrior dirges and desperate close-ups of Freeman mugging. "Sluggish" doesn't begin to do justice to the way Jackson has padded out his narrative. But there's worse, far worse, for anyone tempted to check out the movie in its 3-D, 48 frames per second incarnation (showcased in approximately 450 premium screens across North America). The theory behind this cutting edge technology -- which doubles the 24 fps that has been standard in movies since the silent era -- is that the faster frame rate allows more luminescence, counterbalancing the loss incurred in 3-D. It's clearer, brighter and more immersive -- in theory. In practice, it's clearer, brighter, and utterly alienating. I haven't seen the movie screened at 24 fps, but at 48, the grain of film has been replaced by the gloss of high definition video, which gives everything and everyone a fake, plastic sheen. "An Unexpected Journey" may look sharp in TV showrooms or on your PS3, but in the movie theater the picture's clarity comes at the loss of texture, shading and consistency. Shifts from exteriors to dark interiors are especially jarring. Look also at the dull, flat orange taint that is meant to approximate candle light in numerous scenes, and compare that with the glow you find in "Barry Lyndon," or "Fanny and Alexander," or your own birthday snaps. Did Jackson embrace 48 fps to keep himself interested, because he knew he was retreading old ground? Is he really blind to the limitations of this technology at this stage of its evolution? I won't say it has no future, but for now this emperor has no clothes. It's a colossal misjudgment. He's put his name to the ugliest film of the year, a $270 million three-hour epic that looks like a TV show ("Teletubbies" was the first to pop into my head, and "Doctor Who" was the most flattering comparison I could come up with.) In fairness, there are redeeming features: The movie does sputter into life in the last 45 minutes, especially during a lengthy battle of wits between Bilbo and Gollum. And Ian McKellen miraculously, alone among the cast, transcends the picture's artificial surface and imposes himself on such drama as he can find. In my book that's not enough return for three hours at the movies, or whatever inflated price they're charging for your ticket now.
Washington (CNN) -- The Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday morning will receive a classified document that seeks to justify the administration's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks, chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said late Wednesday.|||"I am pleased that the president has agreed to provide the Intelligence Committee with access to the OLC (Office of Legal Counsel) opinion regarding the use of lethal force in counterterrorism operations," the California Democrat said in a statement. "It is critical for the committee's oversight function to fully understand the legal basis for all intelligence and counterterrorism operations." The announcement came shortly after an administration official said that President Barack Obama had yielded to demands that he turn over to Congress the classified Justice Department legal advice that seeks to justify the policy. The developments came the night before confirmation hearings are to be held for Obama's CIA director nominee, John Brennan, and amid complaints from senators, including several Democrats, about secrecy surrounding the drone policy. "Today, as part of the president's ongoing commitment to consult with Congress on national security matters, the president directed the Department of Justice to provide the congressional Intelligence committees access to classified Office of Legal Counsel advice related to the subject of the Department of Justice White Paper," an administration official said. The 16-page white paper -- titled "Lawfulness of a Lethal Operation Directed Against a U.S. Citizen who is a Senior Operational Leader of Al Qaida or an Associated Force" -- is a policy paper rather than an official legal document. Memo backs U.S. using lethal force against Americans overseas. The president, the official said, was turning over the information because he believes the scrutiny and debate is healthy. Opinion: Bring drones out of the shadows. In a 2012 speech at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington, Brennan asserted that the drone strikes are legal both under the Authorization for Use of Military Force resolution passed by Congress after the September 11 attacks and because, "There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for this purpose or that prohibits us from using lethal force against our enemies outside of an active battlefield, at least when the country involved consents or is unable or unwilling to take action against the threat." This does not appear to be the view of Ben Emmerson, United Nations special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights, who announced plans in October to investigate U.S. drone attacks and the extent to which they cause civilian casualties. The drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies has been one of Brennan's biggest legacies in the four years he was the president's principal adviser on terrorism. According to a count by the public policy group New America Foundation, at least 28 of al Qaeda's leading members have been killed in drone strikes, including the U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki, who played an operational role in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. Human rights groups in the United States are particularly aggrieved by the targeted killing of al-Awlaki, who was killed by a drone. His teenage son died in a separate strike. On Wednesday, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee said the attack that killed al-Awlaki was justified. "This is somebody who had said that he didn't want his U.S. citizenship anymore, Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Michigan, told MNBC's "Andrea Mitchell Reports." "He had officially joined al Qaeda," Rogers said. "Al Qaeda had declared war on the United States." Rogers continued, "The legal basis of this goes back many, many years when U.S. citizens would go and fight for foreign nations that were engaging in combat with the United States. So what they were saying is, once you've made that choice, you no longer get the protections that you would. I mean, if you join the enemy overseas, you join the enemy overseas. And we're going to fight the enemy overseas." In his speech at the Wilson Center, Brennan said that drone strikes are "ethical" because of "the unprecedented ability of remotely piloted aircraft to precisely target a military objective while minimizing collateral damage; one could argue that never before has there been a weapon that allows us to distinguish more effectively between an al Qaeda terrorist and innocent civilians." And Obama himself defended it in an appearance last October on "The Daily Show." "There are times where there are bad folks somewhere on the other side of the world, and you've got to make a call and it's not optimal," he said. "And sometimes you've got to make some tough calls. But you can do so in a way that's consistent with international law and with American law."
Paris, France (CNN) -- The French World Cup soccer team appeared to keep their heads down Thursday after returning from the tournament following their surprise first-round exit.|||Cameras barely caught a glimpse of the team as they arrived back home in Paris and buses whisked the players away. The few supporters who turned up at the airport to see the team were left disappointed when the players didn't stop to give autographs. Star player Thierry Henry met French President Nicolas Sarkozy at the Elysee Palace later in the day and left through a back door, French radio BFM reported. Thierry had requested the meeting before the team left the World Cup, Sarkozy's office said Wednesday. French media slam 'shameful' exit. France was eliminated from the World Cup on Tuesday after a 2-1 loss to tournament host South Africa. The loss followed an apparent collapse in relations between coach Raymond Domenech and his players that saw captain Patrice Evra left out of the match and the team refusing to practice on Sunday. Henry, once France's main striker and a World Cup winner in 1998, was reduced to a minor role in this year's tournament, starting all three matches on the substitutes' bench. A high-ranking French Cabinet minister told parliament Wednesday that the government will probe and audit the nation's soccer federation in light of France's failure to advance at the World Cup and dissension on the team. "We can only note the disaster with a French team where immature bullies order frightened children, with a helpless coach without any authority, a French Football Federation at bay," said Roselyne Bachelot, the French Minister of health, youth and sports. "That's the reason why the government has decided to take all of its responsibilities by first conducting a profound analysis, an external audit, because those who have failed cannot conduct this analysis." France, traditionally among the strongest national sides in world football and the losing finalist in Germany four years ago, became one of the first to be eliminated this time around. Striker Nicolas Anelka was sent home after confronting Domenech at halftime during France's 2-0 defeat by Mexico last week. Evra was then involved in a public dispute with the squad's fitness coach on the training ground Sunday and is reported to have led dissent over Anelka's expulsion from the team, with the entire squad boycotting the training session. Adding to the confusion, French team director Jean-Louis Valentin then publicly announced his resignation to the media, while Bachelot attempted to mediate between Domenech and his players. Monday, however, Bachelot told journalists the French players had "tarnished the image of France," according to French sports newspaper L'Equipe. In an indication of the extent to which relations had broken down between Domenech and his squad, the coach on Monday described this players' decision to strike as "unspeakably stupid," and called their actions "an aberration and an imbecility." "Nobody can behave in such a way in the dressing room or elsewhere and high-level sportsmen and women have to lead by example through football," Domenech told reporters. France's problems at the World Cup had exacerbated long-standing dissatisfaction with the controversial Domenech, who is due to step down as national coach after the tournament to make way for former World Cup-winning defender Laurent Blanc. The French only qualified for South Africa by virtue of a tight playoff win over Ireland, sealed with the help of Henry's controversial handballed assist for William Gallas' goal. Exit at the group stage in South Africa marks a second successive failure in the opening stages of a major tournament. France crashed out of Euro 2008 without winning a match.
(CNN) -- Rep. Bill Young of Florida, the longest-serving Republican member of the House, died Friday evening, his chief of staff said.|||Harry Glenn said that C.W. Bill Young was surrounded by family when he died at 6:50 p.m. at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. "The cause of death was complications related to a chronic injury," Glenn said. News of Young's death came two days after his family said in a statement that he was "gravely ill." The 22-term representative wasn't on the House floor for the vote on reopening the government and raising the debt ceiling. Just last week, he announced that he wouldn't run for another term. "It's my time," the 82-year-old told the Tampa Bay Times in a phone interview. As to why he was retiring, Young said, "I don't know that I would pick out one thing. It's a lot of things." Among them, Young said, was his frustration with congressional gridlock. "I'm a little disappointed. It seems there's too much politics. It's a different Congress," he told the Times. Young was first elected to the House in November 1970. After serving 10 years in the Florida State Senate and 43 years in the U.S. House, Young spent more than half a century in elected office. He served with a total of eight presidents. During his tenure, Young was heralded for his expertise on defense issues. He chaired the full House Appropriations committee and its defense subcommittee during his tenure on Capitol Hill. Former House Speaker Tom Foley dead at 84. People we've lost in 2013.
(CNN)  -- Real Madrid saw off city rivals Atletico Madrid 2-0 on Sunday night to maintain their leadership of Spain's La Liga.|||First half goals from Ricardo Carvalho and Mesut Ozil within the space of six minutes settled an incident-packed derby in which both sides carved out a string of chances. It left Real a point clear of champions Barcelona, who beat Getafe 3-1 in an earlier kickoff in which both teams ended with 10 men. Former Chelsea defender Carvalho took advantage of a deflected pass to run through to score the Real opener while German international midfielder Ozil scored direct from a free kick. Barcelona kept the pressure on with a display of superb attacking football with Lionel Messi putting them ahead midway through the first half after a fine pass from David Villa. Villa added the second before halftime and it was 3-0 after the break as Messi set up Pedro Rodriguez. Manu del Moral pulled a goal back from the penalty spot after Barca's Gerard Pique handled in the penalty area and was sent off for his second bookable offence. Getafe later had Derek Boateng sent off for a second yellow card. Third-placed Villarreal kept up their title challenge with a 4-1 home win over Athletic Bilbao to maintain their 100 per cent home record. Villarreal fell behind when Fernando Llorente headed home but Nilmar quickly equalized. Santi Cazorla put Villarreal ahead before halftime and with Athletic down to 10 men after Jon Aurtenetxe was shown red, Guiseppe Rossi added a third and Jefferson Montero completed the scoring.
(CNN) -- The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday after they were allegedly found fishing in Russian-controlled waters in the Sea of Japan, according to state media.|||Warning shots were fired at one vessel during a three-hour pursuit by Russian Coast Guard, which eventually rammed the vessel and soldiers fired directly on the ship when sailors resisted being boarded, according to Russia's state-run RIA Novosti news agency. No one was killed or injured in the incident, according to RIA. The ship had 22.5 metric tons of squid and a crew of 17 RIA reported, and didn't have documents allowing them to fish in Russia's Exclusive Economic Zone. A second Chinese fishing vessel, with 19 crew members, was also detained in nearby waters. An Exclusive Economic Zone is an area within 200 nautical miles of a nation's shores which gives the country sole rights to fish and develop resources in the area. China's Xinhua reports that the ships were from the city of Weihai in China's eastern Shandong province. An editorial in China's People's Daily condemned the firing on the vessel, calling the move "reckless." "In 1983, the Soviet Union shot down a Korean Air Lines Boeing 747 civilian airliner. Now Russia, for at least the second time, has fired on a Chinese civilian ship. Such conduct will stay in the memory of people in Northeast Asia," the editorial said. "The aggressive behavior by some Russians at the grass-roots level not only harms Chinese confidence in fostering a long-term friendship with Russia, but also provides excuses for forces seeking to undermine China-Russia ties." In 2009, a Russian boat sank a Chinese vessel suspected of smuggling, killing seven people, People's Daily reports. Clinton slams Russia, China over Syria.
(CNN) -- A former commercial pilot has been found guilty of charges that he was intoxicated while co-piloting a flight from Austin, Texas, to Denver in 2009, a federal prosecutor announced Tuesday.|||Aaron Jason Cope, 32, was found guilty of operating a common carrier under the influence of alcohol and faces up to 15 years in prison and a fine of as much as $250,000, according to a statement from John F. Walsh, U.S. attorney for the District of Colorado. The conviction was handed down by District Court Judge John R. Tunheim last week after a bench trial June 6-7. Cope was the first officer aboard United Express Flight 7687 on the morning of December 8, 2009. According to court documents, the flight's captain, Robert Obodzinski, testified that although his co-pilot "appeared to be thinking and speaking clearly, every few minutes during the flight (Obodzinski) detected an unusual odor, which he eventually concluded was the smell of an alcoholic beverage." When the plane arrived in Denver, Obodzinski testified, he "leaned over and took a big whiff" and determined that the odor was coming from Cope. Cope had been the "monitoring" pilot on the flight and thus had not manipulated the plane's controls. However, he was scheduled to fly the Embraer 170 aircraft on the next flight. The Embraer 170 has a seating capacity of 70 to 80 people. Once Cope returned to the cockpit after conducting a post-flight inspection, Obodzinski reportedly told him, "if you have any problem taking a Breathalyzer, call off sick and get out of here," to which Cope replied, "Well, I guess I better call off sick then." Obodzinski, who had been on the phone with superiors while Cope was doing the inspection, was directed by his company to escort the co-pilot to an alcohol testing facility in Denver International Airport's main terminal, according to trial documents. There, his blood alcohol content was found to be 0.094%, more than twice the FAA-prohibited level of 0.04% for any crew member of a civil aircraft. Republic Airways prohibits any crew member from working with a blood alcohol level above 0.02%. At the testing facility, according to testimony, Cope admitted that he had gone to a bar with a friend and also bought beer from a gas station near the hotel where he, Obodzinski and two flight attendants had stayed the previous night. United Express is the name under which several regional airlines operate flights for United Airlines. Flight 7687 was operated by Shuttle America, which is a subsidiary of Republic Airways Holdings.
CHARLESTON, South Carolina (CNN)  -- Tropical storm Cristobal was forecast to move "parallel and very close" to the North Carolina coast Sunday morning, but the storm is not expected to make landfall along the eastern U.S. shores.|||Satellite image taken at 1:15 p.m. Saturday shows Tropical Storm Cristobal off the coast of the Carolinas. At 11 p.m. ET Saturday, the center of the storm was about 45 miles southeast of Cape Fear, North Carolina, and about 170 miles southwest of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. The National Hurricane Center said Cristobal was moving northeast at about 6 mph, with maximum sustained winds of about 45 mph and some higher gusts. "The center of the tropical storm is expected to move parallel and very close to the coast of North Carolina for the next day or so," the NHC said. It is expected to dump between three and five inches of rain along the Carolina coast this weekend, it said. The storm had not strengthened beyond the 45 mph top winds measured earlier on Saturday, according to the NHC. A discussion posted online by NHC forecasters called Cristobal "convectively challenged" and predicted the storm would "become absorbed ahead of an approaching cold front" by late Monday. Although the center of the storm was forecast to remain off the coast through the weekend, tropical storm warnings were in effect from the South Santee River in South Carolina to the North Carolina-Virginia state line, including Pamlico Sound. Flood advisories were posted for coastal counties, and Wilmington, North Carolina, received 2½ inches of rain Saturday, said Stephen Keebler, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service there. Cristobal's winds were not expected to be a problem, Keebler said. "It's some rain and a little bit of relief for the coastal areas and a lot of excitement, but that's about it," he said. The rain bands were weakening as they spun farther inland, providing little relief for parched areas near Interstate 95 in North Carolina, he said. Forecasters predicted up to 5 inches of rain along the North Carolina coast, with heavier amounts in some areas. Eastern North Carolina is under a moderate drought, and areas along South Carolina's northern coast are considered abnormally dry, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. Officials have blamed the persistent drought for a massive wildfire that has burned more than 40,000 acres in eastern North Carolina since it began June 1 with a lightning strike. As Cristobal lurked offshore, the storm was keeping many boaters off the waters -- and surfers in the waves. On North Carolina's Outer Banks, surfers reveled in the waves as the storm churned offshore well to the south. Bradley Rose, a surf instructor at SandBarz in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, said the waves were a bit choppy. "It looks pretty fun out there," Rose said. At the By the Sea Motel in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, out-of-state vacationers took to the beach, trying to photograph the outer rain bands of Cristobal, hotel manager Charlie Peterson said. Intermittent rain showers during the afternoon were not enough to chase them away, and there were even brief moments of sunshine. "They've got their cameras set, and they think there is going to be lightning over the water and all," he said. "They have never seen this." Elsewhere Saturday, Hurricane Fausto strengthened far off Mexico's Pacific coast, while Hurricane Bertha, located east of Cape Race, Newfoundland, was downgraded to tropical storm status. Neither of those storms currently threatens land. Bertha had blustered across Bermuda this week, knocking out electricity to thousands there.
(CNN) -- Faced with a choice between a cash incentive or signing up for a hard day's work, which would you pick?|||Shoe retailer Zappos.com is famous for bribing prospective employees to turn down a job offer, on the theory that we should only work in a place we love. This year, CEO Tony Hsieh is testing whether this kind of corporate culture can work beyond the warehouse of this one quirky online company. Hsieh is trying to spark a Delivering Happiness movement, named after his recent book, which expands on how, and why, companies who care about their bottom line should make employees feel like a family. Hsieh made a name for himself at Zappos by prioritizing customer service to an extreme, and his in-house employment policies have gotten at least as much attention. Zappos, which is now part of the Amazon.com family, has been climbing Fortune magazine's "Best Companies to Work For" list, thanks to a corporate culture where "weird" is meant as a compliment and the line between personal and professional is often blurred. He tells CNN why workplace happiness isn't just for shoe retailers or dewy-eyed optimists. An edited version of the e-mail interview follows. CNN: When you got to what many people consider the top of the game in the corporate world, your outlook appears to have taken on a whole new set of goals. What became priorities for you in your career? Tony Hsieh: After LinkExchange (Hsieh's first company) was sold, I could do whatever I wanted to from a financial point of view, which forced me to reflect and think about what I really wanted to get out of life. Part of the goal of the book is to nudge people to really think about what they're passionate about, what makes them happy. You don't have to sell a company in order to think about what you want out of life. Jenn (Lim, Hsieh's partner and CEO of the Delivering Happiness movement) was actually in the same position at that time but for a completely different reason: she had just been laid off. Through that process, she ended up pursuing things she was actually passionate about. 3 rules for the first-time boss. CNN: How does a little healthy cynicism fit into the Delivering Happiness equation? Can't a little bit of moaning and a critical attitude also have a place in the workplace? TH: There's a difference between constructive criticism and complaining and moaning without helping contribute to a solution. You can't force employees to be like a family -- they actually need to want to do it themselves. Our goal at Zappos is to inspire -- not motivate -- employees to treat each other like family. For example, most Zappos employees when they leave the office leave to hang out with other Zappos employees. That's behavior you can't force upon employees. They actually have to want to do it. CNN: You tweet and encourage employees to access social media on the job. The professional and the private are increasingly blurred. Will social media also serve a business purpose, particularly as it extends to individual employees? TH: For us, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, blogs, etc. are all ways we can connect with our customers and employees. We're not looking at them as marketing channels, more as connection channels, the same way we view the telephone as a great way to connect. At Zappos we are all about blurring lines. Our goal is to hire employees whose personal values match our 10 core values, so every employee is automatically living the brand, at home, in the office and in social media. Rather than focus on work-life separation, we focus on work-life integration. CNN: Prioritizing happy customers and happy employees seems like it should be a given, yet the Zappos model still sticks out as a bit of a lone phenomenon. Are most major companies not agile enough to play along with quirky ideas from a CEO? TH: I'm not sure "happy customers" and "happy employees" should be classified as quirky, but in any case, I think the reason why we aren't seeing more companies in corporate America focus on these things (yet) is because the payoff from a financial perspective is usually two to three years down the road. Many companies are focusing on the current quarter or current year at best. The good news is that information is moving faster and faster and companies are becoming more and more transparent whether they like it or not. As a result, the lag time between brand and culture is becoming less and less, so in the long run I think the "good guys" will win.
St. Petersburg, Florida (CNN) -- As if the pictures of birds, fish and animals killed by floating oil in the Gulf of Mexico are not disturbing enough, scientists now say they have found evidence of another danger lurking underwater.|||The University of South Florida recently discovered a second oil plume in the northeastern Gulf. The first plume was found by Mississippi universities in early May. USF has concluded microscopic oil droplets are forming deep water oil plumes. After a weeklong analysis of water samples, USF scientists found more oil in deeper water. "These hydrocarbons are from depth and not associated with sinking degraded oil but associated with the source of the Deep Horizon well head," said USF Chemical Oceanographer David Hollander. Through isotopic or microscopic fingerprinting, Hollander and his USF crew were able to show the oil in the plume came from BP's blown-out oil well. The surface oil's so-called fingerprint matched the tiny underwater droplet's fingerprint. "We've taken molecular isotopic approaches which is like a fingerprint on a smoking gun," Hollander said. Full coverage of oil spill. BP has not commented on the latest development but in the past denied underwater oil plumes exist. "The oil is on the surface," said BP's Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward. "There aren't any plumes." Yet BP's Managing Director Bob Dudley said recently, "We're all absolutely taking these ideas seriously and looking at them." Scientists on board the university's research vessel Weatherbird II were not able to find the dissolved hydrocarbon or oil by sight. Instead the crew received sensor signatures from the equipment deployed into the water since the plumes appear to be clear. Are you there? Send us your photos. USF is unsure on the exact size of the plumes. "There are indications this is fairly wide spread," said the USF oceanographer. "There is probably more than one leg of this plume." Scientist are concerned what effect the oil, not to mention the dissolvents used to break up the oil, will have on marine life. Laboratory tests show bacteria have begun eating some elements of the dissolved hydrocarbons. But the effect on fish "is what needs to be understood," said Hollander. "We are in uncharted territory." Impact your world: How to help. Water samples collected by USF were sent to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration labs. NOAA has yet to comment on their conclusions. NOAA and USF will hold a joint press conference Tuesday morning at the university's St. Petersburg campus to release their final findings.
(CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer.|||Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday for his role in the August 2013 drive-by shooting of Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student in Duncan, about 80 miles south of Oklahoma City. Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting. Lane, an Australian attending East Central University, was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna. A jury recommended Friday that Luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole, according to court records. Because he was under 18 when the crime was committed, he is not eligible for the death penalty. He'll be formally sentenced in June. The vehicle's driver, Michael Jones, pleaded guilty in March to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison. Jones, who was 17 at the time of the murder, will be eligible for parole starting in 2051, according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections. Prosecutors dropped first-degree murder charges filed against the third suspect, then only 15, after he agreed to testify against Luna and Jones, according to CNN affiliate KSWO. He will now be tried as a juvenile with accessory to murder after the fact. Duncan police Chief Danny Ford told Australian radio station 3AW that when police arrested the teens, Jones offered a motive that made clear that Lane, a baseball player on scholarship, was chosen at random. "We were bored and didn't have anything to do, so we decided to kill somebody." After the verdict, Luna appeared to be crying as deputies led him out of the courtroom in handcuffs, whimpering  "I'm sorry"  to a reporter. CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
Lisbon, Portugal (CNN)  -- Let's face it, footballers have a bad rep. They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them.|||This may in reality apply to some players, but definitely not all of them. In Lisbon I recently met many who truly enjoy being role models and were honored to take part in the 7th edition of the United Nations (UN) Match Against Poverty. This year, in light of the tragic earthquake in Haiti, all of the proceeds went to the devastated country as 55 thousand people filled the Stadium of Light to greet some of the best footballers on the planet, both past and present. The likes of Kaka, Thierry Henry, Luis Figo and Zinedine Zidane lent a hand to this cause. Organizers were hoping to raise over $750 000 and in ticket sales alone, that target was reached. Having the privilege to be behind the scenes at this match in my home country, I spoke with various players about their involvement in it. One of the most concerned about the plight of the Haitian people was Thierry Henry. The Barcelona forward, who made headlines for the wrong reasons after his controversial handball which helped prevent Ireland from attending the World Cup, had already personally pledged $90,000 to the French aid agency Medecins sans Frontieres. "I am very touched by this tragedy and it is very good that everybody should mobilize in order to help Haiti," Henry told his club side Barcelona's official Web site. "This touches me because almost 20 years ago something similar happened in (the French Caribbean island of) Guadeloupe and I know what the Haitians must be going through. I have many friends over there. Haiti is a former French colony and it's as if we are cousins." Henry showed true concern for a nation that needs all the help it can get to rebuild its infrastructure and its hope. Zidane, Kaka and Figo were others who told me they were shocked by some of the footage they saw coming out of Haiti. As the death toll rose, they felt they needed to do something to help, and were delighted so many high-profile names showed up. In all, some 40 international players participated in a match that was qualified as a success by all, including the former Arsenal striker. "We must help them. I felt I should do something and that's why I have decided to make a donation to Medecins sans Frontieres," said the former Arsenal legend.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- In an "unprecedented" reaction to internal Arab affairs, an Israeli official said the country is getting ready to absorb fleeing Syrian Alawites if the Bashar al-Assad regime falls.|||Israeli military chief of staff Benny Gantz told members of a Knesset committee that Alawites would be permitted to settle in Golan Heights, a spokesman for Knesset member Avi Dichter told CNN. The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control. It is home to 41,000 residents -- Jewish settlers, Druze and Alawites themselves. Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war, and it was eventually annexed. The remark reflects the Israeli military calculus that the embattled al-Assad regime is doomed and will soon disintegrate. The regime is dominated by Alawites, a heterodox offshoot of Shiite Islam. Sunnis represent the most populous religious group in the country and the heart of the opposition against the regime. For this reason, Israel believes Alawites are most likely to flee if a new government takes over, and many will head for the Golan. So, Israeli authorities want to prepare for that eventuality. Jonathan Spyer at the Global Research in International Affairs Center in Herzliya, Israel, said Defense Minister Ehud Barak also predicted late last year, to the same parliamentary panel, the foreign affairs and defense committee, that the fall of the Syrian government is imminent. Within weeks, he said. Spyer said the notion of taking in uprooted people from a neighboring Arab country is a drastic deviation to conventional Israeli policy, which traditionally calls for Israel not to get directly involved in such situations. He said it's the "first time Israel ever said anything of this kind." "It's quite strange to be honest with you in terms of Israel's more usual style, which is we don't get involved in the affairs of neighboring Arab countries," Spyer said. Spyer said he doesn't know on what Israel is basing its evidence. He said information he and other civilian researchers have culled indicates that the assessments are "very premature" "These latest statements seem to factor in this sense, which is the Israeli military intelligence assessment that this regime is clearly on its last leg," Spyer said. "Israeli talk of needing to look immediately at what's going to happen when Assad falls very soon is somewhat premature unless they know something that the rest of don't -- which is possible."
(CNN) -- Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at a Virginia nuclear plant were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week's 5.8-magnitude earthquake, officials said Thursday.|||The cylinders, each 16 feet tall and weighing 115 tons, were not damaged, and no radiation was released, said Rick Zuercher, spokesman for Dominion Virginia Power, which operates the North Anna Power Station near Louisa, Virginia. Monitors were hooked up to the casks to determine any abnormalities, he said. He said the casks' movement was known shortly after the quake, which had an epicenter less than 20 miles from the plant, but the news was not released to the public. "We had a lot going on," Zuercher said. "There was no indication of any problem ... and there isn't any problem." Besides those casks, which are vertical, some of the horizontal bunkers holding spent fuel also were affected. The concrete "came loose on the face" of "a few" of the bunkers, Zuercher said, but the damage is not considered serious. The bunkers -- of which 13 of the 26 hold rods -- are each 16 feet long and weigh 50 tons. It is the first time such casks have been shifted by an earthquake in U.S. history, said Roger Hannah, spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, as it's the first time a quake of this magnitude was felt at a nuclear plant in the country. The safety standards for such casks, he said, are "unbelievable." They undergo a rigorous series of tests, including crash tests and burning. "To say they are robust would be an understatement," Hannah said. Zuercher, however, confirmed a report in the Washington Post that Dominion Virginia Power had notified the NRC last Friday that the earthquake might have shaken the power station more than it was designed to handle. The NRC already has an "augmented inspection team" at the North Anna plant to conduct a review of effects from the earthquake. The team will review the casks' shifting as part of that investigation, Hannah said. The NRC initially sent a seismic expert and a structural expert to assist resident inspectors at the site after the earthquake, but "further reviews indicated that additional inspection is warranted," the commission said in a statement issued Monday. An augmented inspection team is formed "to review more significant events or issues" at NRC facilities, and includes technical experts and additional inspectors. An alert was declared at the North Anna station just after the quake struck. The plant's two units shut down automatically after the facility lost off-site power, according to the NRC. Emergency diesel generators provided power to cool the reactors until off-site power was restored a few hours later. "An alert is the next-to-lowest NRC emergency classification for plant events, and the North Anna station exited the alert after off-site power was restored," the commission said in a statement. Both reactors remain in what is called a "cold shutdown," Zuercher said. There is no timetable for their reactivation, he said. CNN's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The venerable CBS soap opera "Guiding Light" will go dark in September after 72 years and 16,000 episodes, the network announced Wednesday.|||Gina Tognoni is one of many performers who have appeared on "Guiding Light" over the years. The daytime drama's declining viewership led to the decision, according to a CBS spokeswoman. The show, which the Guinness Book of World Records lists as the longest-running television drama, first aired on NBC radio in 1937 as a 15-minute serial, the spokeswoman said. It moved to television on the CBS network in 1952 as 15-minute drama. It later went to 30 minutes, and on November 7, 1977, it expanded to one hour and introduced the wealthy Spaulding family as foils to the show's middle-class Bauers, who were a mainstay of the show for much of its run. In 1979, the show did a groundbreaking storyline when the character of Roger Thorpe (played by the late Michael Zaslow) raped his wife, Holly (Maureen Garrett). The marital-rape story line reflected a significant real-life case in 1978 -- the state of Oregon v. John J. Rideout. It was the first time in modern U.S. history that a man was charged with raping his wife and then put on trial. It prompted national debate about whether a man had absolute sexual rights with his spouse. Rideout was acquitted. Among the actors who went on to greater fame after roles on the show: Kevin Bacon, James Earl Jones and Taye Diggs. The last episode is set to air on September 18, the spokeswoman said. The show is produced in New York.
(CNN) -- A love story released in time for Valentine's Day, bringing together the stars of "The Notebook" (Rachel McAdams) and "Dear John" (Channing Tatum)?|||Sounds like a cookie-cutter chick flick, for sure. But "The Vow" surpasses low expectations, for this male film critic at any rate, if only because it hits on an intriguing yarn and plays it out with some respect for the characters involved. Tatum is Leo, a young man whose blissfully happy marriage is rear-ended by a snowplow -- propelling wife Paige (McAdams) through the windscreen and into a brain trauma unit. When she wakes up, she's okay -- except that she's wiped out the last five years entirely. She doesn't know Leo, doesn't remember dropping out of law school and switching to art classes, and doesn't like anything she finds in her wardrobe. She also doesn't remember cutting off her parents and her sister -- Leo's never even met them before -- or why she broke up with her fiancÃ©, Jeremy. Amnesia often figures as a handy crutch for thriller writers who love teasing out doubt and deception, but Michael Sucsy's movie is a different beast, a romance first and foremost, but a romance that claims to be inspired by a true story. Sucsy (who directed Drew Barrymore and Jessica Lange in "Grey Gardens") plays down the condition's inherent paranoia, in part by drawing us in through the eyes of the husband, Leo. Here's a guy who loves his wife, but who finds himself alone in the marriage because everything they shared as a couple has been erased. For Paige, home is the house she grew up in and the parents she remembers -- wealthy, privileged suburbanites who are only too keen to set back the clock and pretend their little girl never strayed across the tracks. An actor who finds "perplexed and concerned" well within his limited range, Channing Tatum is a good fit for the bruised and brooding Leo, and the lively Rachel McAdams has some nice moments as the (blank?) Paige -- but flashbacks to happier days try too hard to force a chemistry that remains more theoretical than felt. Still, the scenario (Sucsy is one of five credited writers) throws up some arresting questions about the nature of love. How can Leo still be in love with this woman who is a stranger to herself? Can he make her fall back in love with him? Is it even fair to try? Because these ideas are also emotional dilemmas the movie works surprisingly well despite its shortcuts and shortcomings. It certainly isn't subtle about its preference for the sympathetic Leo -- and by extension, the vegan, tattooed, artistic Paige who voted for Obama -- over her domineering father, played by Sam Neill, and the conservative values he represents -- even though the uptown scenes are generally better written and more convincingly played than what amounts to a sitcom notion of bohemian chic. Of course it's more than a little convenient that Paige never stops to ask why she walked out on the life she was groomed for -- the story's second, hidden trauma. If she had, the whole construct falls apart. But let that go. This is mostly a poignant and touching effort. Just as Leo woos his estranged wife with "Chocolate roulette" (not a game Rachel McAdams plays very often I'm betting), given the choice between hard edges and gooey centers, Sucsy invariably heads for the fudge: it's sweet and chewy and fun to share.
(CNN)  -- The Marine Corps' top officer says he would want to avoid housing gay and heterosexual Marines in the same rooms on base if the ban on gays openly serving in the military is lifted.|||"I would not ask our Marines to live with someone that's homosexual if we can possibly avoid it," Marine Commandant Gen. James Conway told a Web site in an interview posted Friday. "And to me that means we've got to build [barracks] that have single rooms." Asked about the possibility of gay and straight Marines living together, Conway told the site Military.com that he would "want to preserve the right of a Marine that thinks he or she wouldn't want to do that -- and that's the overwhelming number of people that say they wouldn't like to do so." Conway said the Marine Corps is the only branch of the armed services that houses two to a room. On Thursday, Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced that the Pentagon will start to ease its enforcement of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the military. Among other things, Gates said the Pentagon is raising the threshold for what constitutes an appropriate level of information necessary to launch a "credible inquiry" into allegations of homosexual behavior. The change, which will take effect in 30 days and apply to all current cases, is a reflection of "common sense" and "common decency," Gates said. "These changes reflect some of the insights we have gained over 17 years of implementing the current law, including the need for consistency, oversight and clear standards," Gates said. President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, support a legislative repeal of "don't ask, don't tell," which was first enacted in 1993. Some senior members of the military, however, have expressed concern over the impact of the ban's repeal on unit cohesion and morale, among other things.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two Supreme Court justices engaged in a late-night exchange of harsh words before the execution early Wednesday of a convicted Tennessee killer who had been sitting on death row for nearly three decades.|||Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr. The stay eventually was denied, and about an hour later, at 2:34 a.m., Johnson was put to death by lethal injection at a Nashville, Tennessee, prison. The 53-year-old inmate had been convicted of murder in a 1980 shooting spree at a convenience store near the state capital. The victims included 12-year-old Bobby Bell Jr., son of the store owner, who was wounded. Two other men sitting in a nearby taxicab also were shot to death. Stevens, who was initially presented the last-minute appeal by Johnson's lawyers, would have granted the stay, along with Justice Stephen Breyer. Stevens was concerned that too much time had elapsed between sentencing and the planned execution, amounting perhaps to cruel and unusual punishment. "Johnson bears little, if any, responsibility for this delay," said Stevens, who said procedural hurdles at the appellate stage for capital defendants created what he called "underlying evils of intolerable delay." "The delay itself subjects death row inmates to decades of especially severe, dehumanizing conditions of confinement." It is an issue that the 89-year-old justice has long urged his colleagues to address, with little success. In his early years on the high court in the mid-1970s he had supported the resumption of the death penalty after a four-year moratorium imposed by the Supreme Court. But in recent years, he has voiced his opposition to capital punishment, particularly in cases involving inmates asserting their right to challenge their sentences. Thomas reacted strongly to Stevens' statement. The conservative jurist said the inmate had challenged his conviction and sentence for nearly 29 years and "now contends that the very proceedings he used to contest his sentence should prohibit the state from carrying it out." "In Justice Stevens' view, it seems the state can never get the timing just right. The reason, he has said, is that the death penalty itself is wrong." Thomas said. "As long as our system affords capital defendants the procedural safeguards this court has long endorsed, defendants who avail themselves of these procedures will face the delays Justice Stevens laments." Then Thomas goes on to say there are "alternatives," citing the custom in England centuries ago to carry out an execution the day after a conviction. "I have no doubt that such a system would avoid the diminishing justification problem Justice Stevens identifies, but I am equally confident it would find little support from this court." The high court had been presented with Johnson's emergency appeal early Tuesday afternoon, but apparently the time needed to produce the Stevens and Thomas statements delayed the high court from issuing its denial of a stay until 1:38 a.m. Wednesday. The execution was carried out as scheduled, with no problems reported by corrections officials.
(CNN) -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher will retire from Formula One at the end of the season.|||The announcement by Schumacher, who originally retired from the sport in 2006 before launching a comeback in 2010, was prompted after he learned he was to be replaced at Mercedes in 2013 by Lewis Hamilton. A winner of 91 grands prix in a career which has spanned 21 years, Schumacher denied he has chosen to retire because he can no longer compete with the very best in Formula One having managed just one podium finish since coming out of retirement. "I have decided to retire from Formula One at the end of the season, although I am still able to compete with the best drivers of the world," the 43-year-old told F1's official website. "This is something that makes me proud, and this is part of why I never regretted my comeback." The former Ferrari driver has struggled to regain his top form since returning to racing, registering just 149 points in two-and-a-half seasons back behind the wheel. "I can be happy with my performance and the fact that I was continuously raising my game during the last three years," he commented. "But then, at some point it is time to say goodbye. "I said at the end of 2009 that I wanted to be measured by my success, and this is why I had a lot of criticism in the past three years, which was partly justified. "There is no doubt we did not achieve our goal of developing a car capable of fighting for the world championship in those three years. But then it is also clear that I can still be very happy about my overall achievements in F1." Schumacher's comeback with Mercedes saw him reunited with team principal Ross Brawn, who he won world championships with at both Benetton and Ferrari. It is his decade with the Italian marque which cemented Schumacher's reputation as one of the sport;s finest drivers. In 2000 Schumacher won Ferrari's first drivers' championship in 21 years, going on to clinch the title in each of the next four seasons. "Already during the past weeks and months I was not sure if I would still have the motivation and energy which is necessary to go on," said the 43-year old German. "And it is not my style to do anything which I am not 100 percent convinced about. With today's decision I feel released from those doubts. "In the end, it is not my ambition to just drive around but to fight for victories; and the pleasure of driving is nourished by competitiveness." Schumacher had been linked with a switch to Sauber to replace the outgoing Sergio Perez, who will take Hamilton's seat at British team McLaren. Meanwhile Hamilton, the drivers' champion in 2008, has denied his move to Mercedes has been motivated by money. "It was hard. Really, really hard. It was very, very stressful and then there became a crunch time where there was pressure from the team," the 27-year-old was reported to have said in British newspaper The Guardian. "There was one deadline and we didn't do anything with it. We just went on to another deadline. But then the decision was made. It really, really was tough but once I made the decision I was so much more relaxed. "It was not about the offer. I had two offers on the table which were very, very similar. Martin [Whitmarsh, McLaren team principal] asked me what more they could have done. I said: 'To be honest, Martin, it was about the new challenge and a step that I wanted to make.'" Hamilton also insisted his departure has not created any animosity within the team heading into this weekend's Japanese Grand Prix. "I have got nothing but love for Martin," he said. "When you are with a team for so long you generally learn to love them. "I think I will always have McLaren at heart even when I am driving for another team down the line. I will still have a bit of my heart that is McLaren."
(CNN) -- Are you reading this article on your cell phone or tablet? These days, that makes you pretty normal, especially if you're American, according to a recent report from comScore.|||According to comScore, which tracks these sort of things, 55% of the 234 million cell phone subscribers in the U.S. are getting at least some of their media diet via mobile devices. Only Japan and the UK had higher levels of mobile media usage. People in the United States increasingly purchase more than one device to help them consume all this mobile content. According to comScore, 14% of U.S. cell phone subscribers also own a tablet -- the highest percentage in any of the countries comScore examined. In contrast, fewer than 5% of Japanese mobile subscribers also own a tablet. "In less than two years, nearly 40 million tablets were in use among mobile subscribers in the U.S., outpacing smartphones -- which took seven years to achieve the same level of adoption," comScore noted. Driving this sharp growth was the expanded array of Android tablet options, especially Amazon's Kindle Fire, released in late 2011. Also, the iPad 2 release yielded another spike in tablet ownership. Does this mean people are shifting their media experience away from computers and smartphones -- or broadcast and print media -- to tablets? Not necessarily. Here's what comScore has to say on the matter: "As tablets gain popularity among users, they are not replacing mobile phones or computers. Rather, it would seem that tablets are supplementing a multi-device diet that is increasingly becoming the norm among consumers. ... While smartphones may have provided consumers with a first taste of mobile Internet connectivity, tablets have furthered the rise of the 'digital omnivore' -- consumers who now go about their days engaging seamlessly through multiple online touchpoints." Seamlessly? Well, sort of. A "seamless" cross-device media experience implies that you can easily pick up where you left off when switching devices. This is the case when reading Kindle e-books, whether via the Kindle smartphone or tablet app, on a Kindle e-reader or Kindle Fire tablet, or on a computer. Similarly, when you stream a Netflix movie to your TV or computer, and pause it, you can resume watching it from the same point via the Netflix app for mobile devices. But not all services work this well. If I'm watching a short film on the new Vimeo app for Android phones, pause it, put down my phone and turn on my TV, bring up my Vimeo account (I use AppleTV for streaming media), and select the movie I'd paused... it takes me back to the start of the movie. It doesn't remember where I stopped watching. Gamers often experience similar frustration when they try to continue a game in progress on a different device. How well you can sync a game -- if at all -- depends on the game and the devices involved. Sometimes that experience is seamless. Sometimes not so much. And all those long-form articles you want to read? Features like "Reading List" in Apple's Safari browser for computers and mobile devices -- or third-party services such as Instapaper -- allow you to sync a list of articles to read across devices. But they don't let you just pick up where you left off in the midst of a 8,000-word Harper's feature story. And they may not support offline reading. Syncing your content across multiple devices is a major technical challenge which will take time to solve. But so far, that kind of syncing isn't a big concern for most consumers. More commonly, people tend to use different devices to access content at different times of day or in different settings. For instance, comScore's analysis of traffic to news websites found that from about 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on a typical weekday, computers are the leading source of site traffic. Tablet traffic to news sites peaks in the evening. On weekends, however, tablet traffic to news sites peaks in the morning. Simultaneous use of multiple devices has already become major part of how we experience media. Last October, Nielsen found that 40% of people who own a smartphone or tablet use those mobile devices while watching TV. What do people do on their smartphones and tablets while watching TV? According to Nielsen, "e-mail was the top activity for both men and women during television programming and commercial breaks. In addition, women reported engaging in social networking more than men, while men checked sports scores more often." The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina despite objections from La Liga side Real Madrid.|||The 24-year-old forward faces a race to be fit for the two games on November 14 and 18 as he has battles back from an ankle injury. Medical reports confirmed he would be out of action for two more weeks and Real coach Manuel Pellegrini had said it would be "impossible for Ronaldo to play with Portugal" and urged Carlos Queiroz to leave him out of the squad. Ronaldo has missed the Spanish side's last eight matches after suffering an injury to his right ankle during the Champions League match with Marseille on September 30, and then aggravating it while playing for Portugal in their World Cup qualifier against Hungary on October 10. The former Manchester United star has since met with Dutch specialist Professor Niek van Dijk in Amsterdam after tests conducted by Madrid last Wednesday revealed that no improvement had been made on Ronaldo's injury since undergoing an MRI scan a week before. Van Dijk, who operated the winger's right ankle in the summer of 2008, advised Ronaldo to continue his treatment before returning for a fresh evaluation in two weeks' time. Portugal coach Queiroz revealed, however, that the injury would not stop him from naming Ronaldo in his 23-man squad and the forward admitted that not playing in South Africa would be a bitter pill to swallow. "We have one more test left. We'll have to qualify in our next two games and I can't possibly imagine a World Cup without Portugal in it," Ronaldo told Real Madrid's Web site. "We are all united to achieve this goal. I believe we can be optimistic thanks to our will and talent. It would have been easier if our run in the qualifying round had been better, but it wasn't to be." Valencia full-back Miguel, Wolfsburg centre-back Ricardo Costa and Werder Bremen striker Hugo Almeida returned to the squad. Portugal take on Bosnia-Herzegovina in Lisbon on Saturday with the return leg in Zenica four days later. Meanwhile, Liverpool striker Fernando Torres has been left out of Spain's squad for their international friendly with Argentina.
(CNN)As relatives and friends mourn the loss of their loved ones aboard Germanwings Flight 9525, the world community is stunned by the sequence of events that led to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely crashing the plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.|||I happen to have several personal connections to this tragedy: a recent graduate of Drexel University -- where I teach -- and her mother were on the ill-fated flight, I lived in Germany for 18 years and I am a psychologist who has researched the psychology of terrorism and developed psychiatric tests that are used to determine pilot flight fitness. While the engineering of the Airbus aircraft is fascinating and the world of air traffic control absorbing, what is even more complex and challenging to understand is the human mind of the co-pilot investigators say is responsible for the crash -- the machine that flies the machine. When complex engineering systems interact with human factors, it is most often the human that causes the anomaly. Humans are far less reliable than machines. The average aviator has superior intellectual and cognitive abilities, and is psychologically stable and reliable. While it is not surprising that when it comes to aviation accidents, the first line of inquiry is into what went wrong with the plane. However, very often, as apparently is the case here, something went wrong with the human flying the plane. Pilots are typically tested for emotional stability and screened for the presence of mental illness when they are selected. The U.S. Navy has strict testing programs related to fitness for duty protocols for their pilots during the length of their careers. But we have learned that the German company Lufthansa and its budget airline affiliate Germanwings do not use psychological testing once the pilots have made it through the selection process. Psychological assessment and screening is not held in as high esteem in Germany as it is in the United States. Perhaps it should be. A fitness-for-duty evaluation asks this important question: Can the pilot safely and effectively perform his job from a mental health and cognitive standpoint? The deliberate destruction of Flight 9525 by a single person, most likely related to some grievance or other unknown intrinsic motivation that he took to the grave, can also be considered an act of terrorism. The action constitutes the unlawful use of violence against the passengers on the flight to further some yet unknown objective. Research on the perpetrators of terrorism has revealed that a single person is capable of executing odd, unexplainable violent actions. Their behaviors may be related to a political or social framework, or it may be associated with something deeply personal. Examples include Richard Reid, the failed shoe bomber; Eric Rudolph, the Olympic bomber; or Theodore Kaczynski, the Unabomber. In 2009, Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, a U.S. Army officer and psychiatrist, went on a shooting spree at Fort Hood, Texas, killing 13 and wounding 32. And in 2012, Staff Sgt. Robert Bales, a 38-year-old father of two, opened fire and killed 16 innocent Afghan civilians. When examining Germanwings Flight 9525 from the "cockpit of the human mind," one must ask this question: How can we ever predict or prevent tragedies like these when we can never truly know what lurks in the mind of another human being? As a psychologist, I would, of course, advocate for more rigorous psychological screening and regular testing for pilots, as well as instituting additional security measures to prevent future incidents like this. Just as aircraft are inspected and maintained, it is important to regularly evaluate one of the more fragile components of modern aviation -- the pilots operating the plane. But, just as the overwhelming majority of automobile accidents are caused by driver error, with a human mind at the helm of an aircraft, there will always be an element of unpredictability present. And, unless we had a "flight recorder" for the human brain, we will never really know what took place inside the mind of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. One thing is for sure: the tragic events of Flight 9525 will surely renew conversation about what happened to Flight MH370 -- the biggest aviation mystery since Amelia Earhart vanished in 1937 -- and the role that human factors may have played in its disappearance.
(CNN) -- President Barack Obama is visiting China, Myanmar and Australia this week for a series of key regional summits. The trip is his first opportunity since his Democratic Party's massive defeat in the midterm elections to demonstrate the power of the presidency.|||Surveys conducted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies show strong support outside China for the President's announced "pivot" or "rebalance" to the Asia-Pacific region. The same polls show that experts across Asia see great resilience in the U.S. economy and expect -- and want -- America to continue leading Asian integration and cooperation in the future despite the sudden rise of Chinese power. Indeed, it is largely because of the aggressive way China is using its power that allies and partners want more commitment from Washington. Yet like the American people, Asian governments have found Obama's leadership wanting. This isn't for lack of interest in the region -- the President grew up in Indonesia and Hawaii after all. Although his claims to be the first "Pacific" president could be challenged by historians who remember that William Howard Taft, for example, had once been governor general in the Philippines, Obama appears genuinely interested in Asia, and his administration has done a better job than any of its predecessors attending regional summits and organizing high-level bilateral meetings. So give the Obama administration an "A" for attendance. The problem is class participation. But while the President and his team have sent mixed and confusing signals about their understanding of the power dynamics in Asia and their willingness to do the political lifting at home necessary to make the pivot real, there are two things the President can do during his current trip to try to turn this around. First, he has to articulate clearly and consistently his bottom line. Administration officials claim they have done so repeatedly, but the problem is that every speech and announcement by the administration on Asia differs from the one before. In 2009, the President announced in a summit with then-President Hu Jintao of China that he would respect China's "core interests" and then dropped that line after Beijing interpreted it as acquiescence to Chinese demands. In January 2011, the President reversed course when the White House cited China along with Iran as a major threat in the Pentagon's new Strategic Guidance. The Chinese responded by charging the administration with Cold War-style containment. Then, in 2013, national security adviser Susan Rice announced the United States would "operationalize" Chinese President Xi Jinping's proposal for a "New Model of Great Power Relations" between Washington and Beijing that relegated U.S. allies to second-tier status. Oops. The administration then dropped that formulation, too. The President is speaking on U.S. Asia strategy in Australia at the end of the trip. But he will have to get this right: We stand by our allies, we will work for an open trans-Pacific economic architecture, and we will work to cooperate with China to the greatest extent possible but will not compromise on our values or security commitments. Second, the President has to demonstrate that he has the skills and commitment to complete the critical Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations and lock in a model for regional economic integration that sets high standards for openness before China starts using its economic weight to write new rules. This means not only pressuring Japan -- the biggest economy in the talks -- but also showing leadership with Congress. Our partners in the region know that the United States has never completed a trade agreement without first winning congressional support through so-called "fast track" authority since the Constitution gives that branch of government and not the President power to complete commercial treaties. Obama's team has decided it will squeeze the best deal out of Japan and others first and then ask Congress for permission. This could work in theory, but the problem is that our partners will not put their best deal on the table until they see evidence the President can deliver Congress. Republicans generally support trade more than Democrats, so this could be an area for bipartisan cooperation -- except that the White House refused even to address the issue before the midterms and is now provoking a partisan fight with promises to bypass Congress on immigration, Iran negotiations and other issues. If Asia, and Japan in particular, see that the President can and will work with Congress on trade, then the talks could essentially be wrapped up this trip. If not, the "pivot" will look hollow. Though there are questions in Asia about the President's leadership, especially after the midterm results last week, the public in many parts of the region likes Obama and want him to succeed. And with the rise of China, governments from Canberra to Tokyo need him to succeed. This week may be his best chance to prove he can.
(CNN) -- The PlayStation Vita is extending its reach into video and voice calling with the release of a Skype app for the mobile gaming device.|||The free app is expected to be available through the PlayStation store Tuesday in North America and Wednesday in Europe and Asia. It will work for both the Vita's 3G and Wi-Fi only models. The Skype app will use the Vita's front and rear cameras for video calling. The app will also run in "background mode," so users can pause a game, and then take a call. There is no functionality at this time to continue playing a game while taking a call. Since it runs in "background mode," Skype will also alert users to calls when the Vita is in sleep mode. No word yet on how it will affect the device's five to six hours of battery time. On the Skype blog, legendary gamer Fatal1ty (Johnathan Wendel) shows off the features of the new app. The PS Vita already has voice chat and text chat through its built-in Party application. However, developer Shuhei Yoshida, president of SCE Worldwide Studios, told CNN in February that there were restrictions to that voice chat by broadband providers (only one person can be on a 3G connection). "The Vita isn't a phone," he said. It appears that the Skype app may be trying to change that. Do gamers really want to be bothered during a "Unit 13" gun battle by a call from a friend? Or is this a partial admission by Sony that a dedicated games-only device may not be what users want?
(CNN) -- Okay, so Alec Baldwin isn't the world's most sympathetic character. He throws tantrums, smacks the occasional photographer and was once caught on tape calling his preteen daughter a "thoughtless little pig."|||But he's still right to vent his spleen at the New York Post. "Everyone who breathes air knows the Post is the worst newspaper in human history," Baldwin declared on Twitter. Well, human history might be going a bit far. Baldwin was responding to caustic columnist Andrea Peyser, who called him a "bloviating psycho." Rupert Murdoch's paper has obviously taken great delight in targeting the liberal actor. But there's a larger issue here than just another tantalizing tabloid feud. Baldwin has allegedly been pursued by a stalker, which is no laughing matter. And he has mounted something of a crusade against the stalking photographers known as the paparazzi. So when you strip away the name-calling, as entertaining as that is, this is a debate about the price of celebrity and the limits of privacy. Watch: Did Rupert Murdoch Skate in British Report on Phone Hacking? Here's the back story. Baldwin, the star of "30 Rock," has allegedly been harassed by a Canadian actress named Genevieve Sabourin. She claims they had a sexual encounter, what the Post calls a "sweaty night of passion," in 2010, and that they maintained an online romantic relationship for months. (Baldwin says they only had dinner.) Sabourin was arrested in April after showing up at Baldwin's Greenwich Village apartment building, according to news reports. She has also allegedly appeared at a Lincoln Center screening where the actor was speaking, hung around his Hamptons retreat and sent him dozens of e-mails, the New York Daily News reported. One had the subject heading "Defcon 1," according to an affidavit signed by Baldwin, ABC news reported, and said if he didn't talk to Sabourin that she would start a war against him. Watch: Are TV Newsbabes Dressing Sexy for Ratings? Sabourin was arrested again last week for violating a court order by allegedly aiming a series of tweets at Baldwin and his wife, Hilaria, the 28-year-old yoga instructor he married last spring. Apparently you can just as easily harass someone online as in person. The woman described by her lawyer as "starstruck" was released from jail after a judge rejected a prosecution request for $5,000 bail. Sabourin is fighting the charges. Watch: Media Embrace Cop Who Bought Boots for Homeless Man. So even if Baldwin is no Jack Donaghy, the suave TV executive he plays on NBC, does he deserve this? Does being famous mean the privacy laws somehow don't apply to you? Baldwin is hardly immune from ridicule, but he's entitled to the same legal protection as an ordinary Joe. The Post's Peyser, who can be bitingly funny, has chosen to launch a crusade on Genevieve Sabourin's behalf. Last April she wrote, obviously tongue in cheek, of her own "cracked and perverse relationship" with Baldwin, driven by her "all-out and disturbingly weird and committed obsession" with the actor. He got personal as well, tweeting, "Andrea Peyser, you are as bad a writer as you are filled with self-hatred." Watch: Why a Video of a Botched Butt Implant Went Viral. Peyser now writes that "the blubberous Baldwin" should drop the charges. Baldwin says the matter is out of his hands, now that the district attorney has brought charges. As for the New York Post, Baldwin tweeted, "Shame on them for politicizing a criminal case ... and shame on the morally bankrupt partisan trash Andrea Peyser, who demeans all women by inferring that a charge of criminal harassment is overkill when the defendant is a woman. The 'lovesick' defense." Baldwin's spokesman Matthew Hiltzik confirmed the series of tweets, which the actor later took down, but declined further comment. I don't mind Peyser using Baldwin as her personal piÃ±ata; she's in the columnizing business, and he's certainly fair game. But there is a mindset in which the press feels free to trample on the rights of celebrities, as when Murdoch's London tabloid News of the World mercilessly hacked the phones of British stars. The legal system is doing fine in dealing with Alec Baldwin's alleged stalker. But some in the media seem to be stalking Baldwin as well. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz.
(CNN) -- Passengers on a United Airlines flight on Monday helped subdue a man who they said stood up and screamed about the CIA, national security leaks and poison.|||The disruption occurred during Flight 116 from Hong Kong that eventually landed safely at its scheduled destination in Newark. Passengers aboard the Boeing 777 said the unidentified man began making troubling statements about 10 hours into the flight. "There was this gentleman screaming that he had names of people that work for the CIA and he was screaming those names -- not making too much sense," Jacques Roizen told CNN's The Situation Room. But it wasn't until the man reached for something in his pocket that a group of passengers converged and tackled him. "He resisted and started saying things like 'they're trying to kill me, they're trying to poison me,'" Roizen said. Roizen believed that one of the first things the man mentioned was the "NSA leaker," and he wanted the flight diverted to Canada. American Airlines passengers will not 'always love her' Edward Snowden, who admitted this month to leaking National Security Agency documents about classified U.S. surveillance programs to journalists, is said to have fled the United States for Hong Kong. United crew members provided plastic handcuffs that were used to restrain the disruptive passenger for the final hours of the flight during which he calmed down, Roizen said. Law enforcement officials met the flight and took the man to a hospital for evaluation, FBI spokesman Luis Rodriguez said. No charges were immediately filed, Rodriguez said. United said that a passenger became disruptive, but the crew followed procedures and got the situation under control. Airline passenger attempts to open emergency door.
President Barack Obama and John McCain are once again at odds over national security: this time, it's over the North Korean cyberattack on Sony Pictures.|||Sen. John McCain rejected Obama's characterization of the North Korean hack as "an act of cybervandelism," instead calling it "a new form of warfare" on CNN's State of the Union. "The President does not understand that this is a manifestation of a new form of warfare when you destroy economies, when you are able to impose censorship," McCain, a Republican from Arizona, said. "It's more than vandalism. It's a new form of warfare that we're involved in and we need to react and we need to react vigorously." A group of North Korean-backed hackers broke into Sony Pictures' servers last month and threatened to attack movie theaters screening the movie, "The Interview," a satirical comedy depicting an assassination attempt against North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Sony put off its plans to release the film after major movie theaters decided not to screen it. McCain called that attack an "act of war" in a radio interview on Friday and pledged to call a hearing on the matter in the first two weeks of the next Congress when he takes the helm of the Senate Armed Services Committee. McCain also (literally) laughed off the notion that Obama's actions are responsible for crippling the Russian economy, which is nose diving into a recession. "We should be thanking the Saudis who have allowed the value of a barrel of oil to go to the point where it's affecting dramatically Vladimir Putin's economy," Putin said. "It has nothing to do with any action taken by the President of the United States." McCain added that he believes American sanctions, which have been the lynchpin of Obama's strategy in confronting Russia, have had little effect. In his interview with CNN's Candy Crowley that aired Sunday, Obama countered critics like McCain who have said Obama has been outmaneuvered by Putin and pointed to the Russian economic collapse as evidence. "Right now he's presiding over the collapse of his currency, a major financial crisis and a huge economic contraction, " Obama said. "That doesn't sound like somebody who has rolled me or the United States of America." McCain also joined the fray of Republicans -- including most prominently potential 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio -- who have criticized Obama's decision to ease sanctions and normalize relations with Cuba, claiming that Obama is rewarding Cuba for bad behavior. "That in my view would encourage others,"  he said. Most Democrats and a few Republicans, including Sens. Jeff Flake and Rand Paul, have hailed Obama's agreement with Cuba since the 50-year embargo against the country has failed to alter the country's internal politics.
London (CNN) -- British newspapers are abuzz with speculation that Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine is expecting a girl after a member of the public reported hearing what seemed to be a hint that a daughter is on the way.|||The Duchess of Cambridge was talking to people who turned out to welcome her as she visited the coastal town of Grimsby, in northeast England, on Tuesday when the apparent slip of the tongue was made. Pregnancy and privacy: Royal Catherine's dilemma. "The lady next to me gave her a teddy bear and I distinctly heard her say: 'Thank you, I will take that for my d...' Then she stopped herself," recounted Sandra Cook, 67. "I said to her: 'You were going to say daughter, weren't you?' She said: 'No, we don't know'. I said: 'Oh I think you do', to which she said: 'We're not telling'." Does royal gender slip give palace the baby blues? Whatever Catherine, now five months pregnant, might have been meaning to say, the story has prompted a rash of headlines in UK newspapers. "It's a girl! Pregnant Duchess of Cambridge drops huge hint she's having a daughter," proclaimed the Mirror. "Has Kate just given the game away?" asked the Daily Mail. Author's description of Catherine as 'machine-made' doll sparks angry reactions. A royal source quashed the speculation, telling CNN that the duke and duchess don't yet know the sex of their baby. Catherine, who was hospitalized with acute morning sickness in December, recently returned to public duties. The baby, who will be a great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II, is due in July. If the child does turn out to be a girl, she is destined to ascend the throne as queen one day. Planned changes to the law of succession that end the tradition of a boy taking precedence over an elder sister are already de facto in effect, the British Cabinet Office has said. The child will be next in line to the British throne after William, whose father Charles is first in line.
More than 220 people have been rescued after two ice floes broke off from the Latvian coast and were blown into the Gulf of Riga, Latvian emergency services said Friday.|||All 181 people on the larger floe near the capital city of Riga were removed by boat, and 42 people were rescued by helicopter from the smaller floe off the coast of Jurmala, a nearby seaside resort town. One person remained for some time on the floe off Jurmala because he refused to be rescued by helicopter, emergency officials said. That man told authorities he was waiting for a friend to pick him up in a plastic boat, according to the Baltic News Service. Eventually, rescuers helped both the stranded man and his friend on the boat return safely to shore. The same report said that, once the rescue operation ended around 4:30 p.m. (10:30 a.m. ET), one person was treated for possible frostbite. The fire service earlier said that rough seas were complicating the rescue efforts by the Fire and Rescue Service, National Border Guard, Coast Guard and military officials. Oil company manager Kaspars Skrabans said he was down at the beach by Jurmala with his family when he noticed that a crack had appeared in the ice extending from the shore out into the gulf. He realized that nearly 50 people were on the ice that had become separated from the shore and being blown out to sea by the prevailing wind. Some people were likely there to enjoy a walk on a sunny day, he told CNN, while others were ice fishers. Temperatures were above freezing Friday in Riga, CNN forecaster Mari Ramos said. Ice is more likely to break off from shore as temperatures rise in spring.
(CNN) -- A CNN iReport showing people dancing on the floor of the North Carolina House of Representatives near the end of its legislative session is causing a bit of a stir.|||Carol Edmonds, 60, an iReporter known as SadTimesInNC, said she shot the video the afternoon of July 25 during a break in the second-to-last day of the session. That night, the state Senate passed a restrictive abortion bill, and the House approved controversial voter ID legislation. The iReport was originally titled "NC House Dances With Joy Over Their Accomplishments" and suggested Republican lawmakers were doing a victory dance after a contentious session. The iReporter later changed the headline to "Opinion: Really? On The Day NC's Voters Rights Were Suppressed and Women's Rights Were Assaulted". Within a couple days, the video racked up nearly 100,000 page views and 31,000 people shared it on Facebook. State Rep. Paul Stam, a Republican, told CNN that the musician playing in the video is his former legislative assistant, Christin Danchi, who is leaving for music school in the fall. The young woman performed a few classical numbers and finished with some bluegrass. The man dancing in the video is state Rep. Phil Shepard, a Republican, and his dance partner is the principal clerk of the House, according to a report from CNN affiliate NBC Charlotte. A few others are seen taking pictures or clapping. Edmonds was in the public gallery of the North Carolina House to document the proceedings. She has also attended most of the weekly demonstrations dubbed "Moral Mondays," organized by the NAACP to voice anger about a key part of the state's GOP agenda. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory has dismissed Democratic criticism that he is only pushing a conservative agenda. Edmonds acknowledged the music and dancing were unrelated to the passage of any bills but said any celebration on the floor was "totally disrespectful and inappropriate" given the gravity of issues the General Assembly was discussing that day and earlier in the session. "I thought that it pretty much summed up the whole session, how out of touch the legislators had been and the disconnect with their actions to the reality of the people's lives," she said. "They're making such sweeping changes that are ... hitting people of all walks of life really hard." Stam said in an e-mail to CNN that he received appreciative notes from Democratic representatives as well as Republicans about the young musician's performance. "We weren't discussing any issues. It was a recess. During that day we handled several dozen bills. ... I think the claim that it was inappropriate is silly."
(CNN) -- A 12-year-old girl allegedly kidnapped in South Carolina is back home after federal agents arrested the man accused of taking her, the FBI said Friday.|||FBI agents found Jesus Alanda Lozada, 26, and Julieta Yoselin at a home in Atlanta, Georgia, late Thursday night. Yoselin had last been seen Monday in the parking lot of a drug store in Clemson, South Carolina. Authorities thought that Lozada, a friend of Julieta's family, might be taking the girl to Mexico. The investigation led authorities to Atlanta. Lozada was being held in Atlanta, the FBI said.
The Venezuelan government says it is investigating allegations that unauthorized Brazilian gold miners killed dozens of Yanomami Indians in an attack in the Venezuelan Amazon.|||The announcement Wednesday followed calls for action this week by a Yanomami organization and other indigenous groups. The Venezuelan government said that two public officials had been asked to carry out the inquiry into the alleged attack from a helicopter. Survival International, a London-based organization that advocates tribal peoples' rights worldwide, published online what it said was a declaration from a group of organizations representing indigenous peoples and communities in the Amazon about the alleged attack. The indigenous organization's declaration said that the number of people killed had yet to be fully established, but that of about 80 Yanomami people who lived in the community, only three survivors had been found. The alleged attack on the community of Irotatheri in the Venezuelan municipality of Alto Orinoco, near the Brazilian border, is believed to have taken place in July. Survival said in its own report that information is only just beginning to emerge because of the remote location of the community. The Yanomami, who live in Venezuela and Brazil, are considered the largest indigenous group in the Americas that remains largely untouched by advances in the outside world. Anthropologists have described the tribe in a variety of ways, ranging from fierce warmongers to mystics to introspective intellectuals. In recent years, the tribe has been under increasing pressure as miners illegally entered their land in the search of profits. Miners in Brazil have transmitted diseases such as malaria and flu to the Yanomami, who have little resistance to such diseases, observers say. The site where the attack is alleged to have happened is a five-hour helicopter ride, or 15 days on foot, from Puerto Ayacucho, the main Venezuelan city in the Amazon, the government said. The harm caused to indigenous peoples and the environment by Brazilian gold miners working in the border area is a long-standing issue. The Brazilian police carried out an operation last month targeting miners operating on the Brazilian side of the border. In its report on the situation, Survival cited Yanomami people who had spoken to Indians who said they had seen burned bodies and bones in the area where the attack is alleged to have happened. One of the people it quoted, Luis Shatiwe Yanomami, a leader of the Yanomami organization Horonami, said he had been told that those who survived had been out hunting when the community's communal house was set on fire. "For three years we have been denouncing the situation," Survival quoted him as saying. "There are lots of gold miners working illegally in the forest." Both Survival and the indigenous organizations referred to an attack in 1993 on the Yanomami community of Haximu in Brazil in which they said 16 Indians were killed. Several miners were subsequently convicted for their role in the attack, Survival said. The organizations called for a criminal investigation into the alleged attack in July, and for measures to clamp down on the illegal activities in the area. "This is another appalling tragedy for the Yanomami -- heaping crime upon crime," said Stephen Corry, director of Survival. "All Amazonian governments must stop the rampant illegal mining, logging and settlement in indigenous territories." Venezuela's state-run refineries afflicted by mismanagement.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- An elderly woman infected with a strain of avian flu that is rarely seen in humans died in China earlier this month -- marking the first human fatality from the H10N8 virus.|||The 73-year-old woman in Jiangxi province was admitted to a hospital on November 30, suffering from several ailments including severe pneumonia, hypertension, heart disease and a muscular weakness condition. She died on December 6. The woman had a history of contact with live poultry markets, and had visited a live bird market four days before the onset of her illness, according to the World Health Organization. "According to expert analysis, initial assessments consider the death as an individual case, and risk of human infection is low," a release from China's National Health and Family Planning Commission stated. People who are elderly or immune-compromised, like the patient, are more susceptible to the serious outcomes from flu. The people who had been around the woman were in normal health, according to Chinese health authorities. Dr. Leo Poon, associate professor of public health at the University of Hong Kong said he was not really concerned with a possible spread of H10N8. "I think this is an outlier," he said. This is not the first human case of the H10 subtype, as the virus has jumped from birds to humans before, according to the scientific literature. In 2010, two Australians workers processing abattoir tested positive for a subtype of H10 infection, but their cases were considered mild. The H10N8 avian flu virus has been detected in live bird markets in Guangdong Province in China as well as the Dongting Lake wetland, according to previous scientific reports. Poon said the H7N9 virus, with over 100 confirmed cases in China and two in Hong Kong, is "far more serious." That virus, first reported in China in March 2013, is believed to result from exposure to infected poultry. The scope of the disease remains unknown, but has raised concern because most patients with H7N9 have been severely ill and 45 have died. According to the World Health Organization, there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission of H7N9. Health authorities recommend washing hands, covering nose and mouth when coughing and sneezing. Hong Kong health authorities warned travelers against visiting live poultry markets and to avoid direct contact with poultry, birds and their droppings. CNN's Keng Fe in Beijing and journalist Naomi Ng contributed to this article.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Lindsay Lohan missed her flight back home from a Hawaiian vacation, but she will be back in Los Angeles in time for an important court appearance Wednesday, her spokesman said Tuesday.|||Los Angeles County Judge Stephanie Sautner ordered Lohan to appear in court so she can determine whether the actress is keeping up with her probation provisions, including the requirement that she work at least 12 days a month at the county morgue. "Lindsay was delayed in Hawaii due to a travel-related issue," Lohan spokesman Steve Honig said. "She will be heading back this evening in time to appear in court tomorrow." The missed flight, however, forced the cancellation of Lohan's interview with talk show host Ellen DeGeneres, which was set to be taped Tuesday. "Lindsay offered to tape 'Ellen' tomorrow, but the show was unable to shift things around, and tomorrow is their last day of taping for the season," Honig said. The "Ellen" interview was to be Lohan's only planned appearance to promote her just-published Playboy magazine photo spread. There is no indication that Lohan, 25, will have any difficulty in court Wednesday, compared with many of her numerous appearances in the past two years. Sautner sentenced Lohan to 30 days in jail last month after she admitted that she violated her probation on a necklace theft conviction, but the sheriff sent her home after a few hours because of jail overcrowding. The judge also ordered the actress to work at least 12 days a month at the Los Angeles County morgue until she completes the 53 remaining days on her court-ordered community service. She must also attend 18 psychotherapy sessions. If the actress stays on track, her probation would be eased March 29, Sautner said. If she doesn't keep up with the requirements, she will serve the additional 270 days behind bars, the judge said. "This is what we really call putting the keys to the jail in the defendant's hands," Sautner told Lohan. When Sautner sentenced Lohan to 120 days in jail in May, she ended up serving 35 days of home confinement instead, because of jail overcrowding and state rules that give prisoners credit for good behavior. Prosecutors said Lohan missed 12 of 20 scheduled workdays at a downtown Los Angeles women's center, part of the court-ordered community service imposed in May when she pleaded guilty to stealing a necklace from a Venice, California, jewelry store. Lohan, 25, was already on probation for two drunken driving convictions from 2007. She also canceled 14 of 19 scheduled appointments for court-ordered psychotherapy, they said. "From what I see of you, you need a structure," Sautner told Lohan last month, instructing her to return to court each month, starting December 14, to show she is complying with the schedule. Lindsay Lohan's legal woes, which began four years ago with two drunken driving arrests, have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes, and alcohol and drug test failures. Her probation is scheduled to end within a year unless Lohan breaks any laws before then. It has been extended several times because of violations, including the failed alcohol and drug tests. CNN's Jack Hannah contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- A judge's claim that she was ordered to always rule in the U.S. Coast Guard's favor in cases against civilian mariners cannot be substantiated, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general concluded Tuesday.|||The inspector general also concluded that the judge's two-year delay in coming forward with the allegation casts doubt on her veracity. Inspector General Richard L. Skinner's 53-page report is a nearly complete victory for the Coast Guard's administrative law judge program, which hears cases brought against merchant mariners, and a repudiation of retired Administrative Law Judge Jeffie J. Massey, who claimed the system was rigged in the Coast Guard's favor. Massey, a judge from July 2004 until March 2007, said in a court affidavit and later testified before Congress that Chief Administrative Law Judge Joseph N. Ingolia specifically told her in 2005 that she should always rule for the Coast Guard. Massey also said comments by fellow judges buttressed her belief that the Coast Guard should prevail on all cases. "I was specifically told that I should always rule for the Coast Guard and that it I ever found myself faced with a circumstance when I just absolutely, positively could not find anyway to rule in favor of the Coast Guard on any issue, that I should rule against them, but word it delicately and just apologize for it as much as I could," she said. But the DHS Inspector General's Office concluded Tuesday that, "There is no evidence supporting... Massey's claim except her own statement." Massey's brief employment at the Coast Guard "was rife with conflict" and there was a "growing distrust" between her and colleagues, the report says. "These factors likely contributed to ... Massey's belief that (her boss) and others were engaging in misconduct and pressuring her to rule against mariners," it says. Massey's allegations roiled the administrative law judge's office of the Coast Guard and sparked an investigation by the Baltimore Sun into the Coast Guard's judicial system. The newspaper reported that mariners prevailed only 14 times out of about 6,300 charges brought over eight years. Most of the cases were settled or resulted in guilty pleas without reaching a courtroom, and some were dismissed, but overall Coast Guard prosecutors had a 97 percent success rate, the Baltimore Sun reported. The Skinner report, parts of which are redacted, apparently does not address the numerical findings of the Baltimore Sun. Massey said it was at an April 8, 2005, meeting that Ingolia told her to always rule in favor of the Coast Guard. Ingolia dismissed all but one colleague from the room before making the remark, she said. Massey cited several other reasons she believed she was to have a pro-Coast Guard bias. In one instance, she said, a fellow judge commented about one of his cases, saying, "If I ruled that way, the Chief Judge would have my job." In yet another instance, Massey alleged, Ingolia and others engaged in improper conversations about pending cases. But the inspector general's office said it could not substantiate any of Massey's allegations. Both Ingolia and the senior staff member present at the 2005 meeting said Ingolia "did not say anything that could reasonably be construed as directing ALJ Massey to rule in favor of the Coast Guard," the inspector general's report said. "Instead, they assert that (Ingolia) only instructed her to follow Coast Guard's regulations." The staffer called Massey's allegation "a flat lie." Massey first made her allegation two months after she retired in an affidavit in support of a mariner in a $15 million lawsuit against Coast Guard employees. "The timing and manner in which Massey made her allegations also undermine the gravity of the allegations," the report says.
(Ars Technica) -- Buying a home video game console may soon become a lot more like buying a cell phone, according to a new report suggesting Microsoft is planning to offer a subsidized, $99 bundle including a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor to anyone who commits to two years of a new, $15 monthly online service package.|||According to a report from The Verge, which cites unnamed sources, the new subsidized bundle will be available "as early as next week" in Microsoft's retail stores. The $15 monthly subscription would reportedly include all the online game play features of a current Xbox Live Gold subscription, alongside unspecified additional content from cable or live sports video providers. Such a new content plan could help position the Xbox much more directly as a full-service living room entertainment center, rather than primarily as a video game system. That's a transition Microsoft has been signaling for years with its slow accumulation of online entertainment apps, and one that seems somewhat natural given that entertainment apps are already more popular than online gaming on the Xbox 360. The report also fits with a recent leak that suggested Microsoft would be rolling out a "strategy to further monetize (the) Xbox subscriber base" in time for the holiday season. The total two-year cost for the subsidized bundle as described comes in at $459, compared to the $418 Microsoft currently charges for a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect bundle ($299) and two years of Xbox Live Gold ($59/year). Whether that extra cost would be worthwhile depends largely on the precise features Microsoft offers for the new monthly subscribers, and how comfortable consumers are with being essentially locked to their game system for a two-year period (Microsoft would reportedly mimic cell phone providers in charging an early termination fee to those who decide to drop out before the term is up). Economical or not, such a move would represent a major change in the way game consoles are presented to consumers. Rather than offering hardware as a loss-leader for the eventual sale of games and accessories, Microsoft would essentially be subsidizing Xbox 360 sales to attract the potentially much more lucrative flow of monthly video subscription revenue. Given the relative sizes of the current markets for console games versus video services, that might not be such a crazy idea. COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM.
(CNN) -- Standing 6 feet 3 inches (1.9 meters) tall and with a shaved head, fashion designer Ozwald Boateng often cuts a dash as much as his tailored suits.|||Boateng's eponymous fashion lable has been worn by Hollywood's A-list celebrities. He's married to a former model and his suits have been worn by Hollywood A-listers on Oscars night. Yet he remains in touch with his North London roots where he grew up, and to Ghana, his parents' homeland. "They taught me the value systems," Boateng told CNN. "We have a very strong culture, people tend to like to intellectualize about everything, so we have a lot of red tape, we talk a lot but not a lot gets done. I'd like to see a lot more get done, but most importantly the people are good people." In 1997 Boateng became the youngest tailor and the first black designer to have a shop on London's exclusive men's tailoring street, Savile Row. In 2003 he was made creative director of men's wear for Givenchy. While he deals in a world with high-end clients and celebrities, he is committed to setting a good example to young people on how to be a successful business person and to improving the lives of people in Africa. Using his business acumen and passion for Africa, he set up the Made in Africa Trust in 2006 to help promote self-sufficiency and new businesses in countries across the continent. "It's not easy because you're still dealing with infrastructure and sometimes governments are not that ready for new ways of thinking. But the thing is, it is changing and what you have to bear in mind is there are 53 countries in Africa so you know, we're not saying you've got all 53 right (on the) first hit, but I think you could probably get 20 right," he said. His love of designing will always remain, he says, as will helping people across Africa to tailor their own lives for the better. "This is what I love, designing clothes and creating, that is just me. The whole mission for Africa is out of frustration and need. It is just not moving enough. I'm frustrated getting off a plane. I don't want to see open drains, I don't want to see a road that takes 10 years to build, I want to be able to go there and open one of my stores." Watch Ozwald Boateng on CNN International on Saturday, August 22, 12.30, 21.30 GMT and Sunday, August 23, 18.00 GMT.
(CNN) -- Every syllable that could have possibly been uttered on Rosen v. Romney, the latest offshoot of the demonstrably dopey Democrat-fabricated "War on Women" has already been said.|||So this post is not a reiteration of what every common-sense person knows, regardless of their party affiliation:. First and foremost: Ann Romney is a quiet hero, a woman of indomitable fortitude and the epitome of a proud and productive modern woman; (2) President Barack Obama's policies hurt women equally, if not worse than, all Americans. (3) Whether they work in or out of the home, women have more contact with the real-world everyday problems the president's policies have made worse -- from the rising cost of daily staples -- including but not limited to, energy, groceries and health care premiums -- to the plummeting value of their homes and retirement, to a job-stifling recovery with the velocity of a belly crawl. Rosen: Ann Romney and working moms. And the liberal Potemkin Village philosophy has long been exposed: Liberal feminism is not -- and never has been about -- promoting and effectuating policies that provide options and opportunity for all American women; it has always been about divisive identity politics and mindless, spineless group think. What has been less explored is how Obama Democrats and apparatchiks lack a fundamental ethic of good campaigns, (not to mention, good people): loyalty and dare I say it ... fairness. There are plenty of vicious, hateful, vacuous liberals who regularly vomit venomous, vile diatribes against anyone remotely associated with a conservative thought. Hilary Rosen is not one of those liberals. High ranking among those kind of loudmouth liberals are some of her "Kumbaya" comrades who drop-kicked her under an 18-wheeler for uncharacteristically using poorly chosen punditry one-tenth of 1% as egregious as their putrid hourly utterances. Opinion: Not another Mommy War. Rosen is a liberal to be sure, but in my work with her on CNN and when she is a substitute host for Arianna Huffington on our radio show, "Both Sides Now," she is consistently a civil and articulate advocate of her philosophy. She has even been known to concede a capitalist point now and then! Rosen is a big girl and knows politics ain't beanbag, but she deserved some face-saving space and time to come to the only right conclusion -- to apologize to Mrs. Romney for saying she "had never worked a day in her life" -- which were she her own client, she would have demanded immediately, as she is one smart cookie. Yet before the commercial break, the Obama high command was in high dudgeon. Let's do a little exercise in decoding Obama-world: Have you ever seen them horsewhip a blundering man with the ferocity they laid into Rosen? A bit of irony in the War on Women world, no? Just for comparison's sake to make my point about the character of an operation, when I made a notoriously stupid blunder (one of too many to count) in the Bush 41 campaign, and the chattering classes' hairs were ablaze demanding my immediate tar-and-feathering, President Bush himself called me and told me to keep fighting, and to make just a tad fewer wild throws; he put out the word that our own staff was to lay off. This is all insider stuff, and likely of little interest to the wider CNN audience, but here is the point, which every political veteran will recognize: The character of a campaign flows from the top; it is a reflection of the values of the leadership. While relentlessly extolling how caring and fair it is about every last citizen, when it came to its own foxhole sister, the Obama team showed its true character. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Matalin.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Boys may soon be able to get Gardasil, the vaccine given to girls and young women to prevent infection by four types of human papillomavirus.|||Gardasil, a vaccine against human papillomavirus, would be given to boys exactly as it is to girls. A Food and Drug Administration advisory committee voted Wednesday to recommend that the vaccine be made available to boys and young men aged 9 to 26 for protection against genital warts caused by HPV. The vaccine protects against four types of HPV, and two of those are believed to be responsible for 70 percent of cervical and anal cancers, and HPV-associated penile and throat-and-neck cancers. The other two cause 90 percent of genital warts cases, researchers say. At Wednesday's advisory committee meeting, pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co., maker of Gardasil, presented data from three clinical trials that the company claims supports broadening the distribution of the vaccine to include males. The trials included more than 5,400 boys and men from six continents and 23 countries. According to Anna Giuliano, an independent scientist at Moffit Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, and the trials' principal investigator, "The data clearly demonstrates that there was a benefit to men in receiving Gardasil. Overall, we saw a 90 percent reduction in disease -- genital warts and pre-cancerous lesions -- caused by HPV in men and an 89 percent reduction in genital warts incidence. "Essentially, we have a really fantastic opportunity to extend the benefit of the vaccine to men," Giuliano said. "This is a sexually transmitted infection; if we can reduce infection and related diseases in men, we have the potential to have a much broader public health impact by reducing the overall burden of infection and disease in the community at large." Giuliano said there were no serious adverse events related to the vaccine. There were some minor side effects such as pain at the injection site and low-grade fever. The vaccine would be administered in boys and young men exactly as it's been given to girls and young women: three doses over a period of six months. Merck spokeswoman Pam Eisele said the cost will be $130 per dose. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 20 million Americans are infected with HPV. There are 6.2 million new infections each year. The CDC says that at least 50 percent of sexually active men and women get an HPV infection at some time in their life. The American Social Health Association says HPV is the most common sexually transmitted virus and puts that number at 75 percent or more. The CDC says that although HPV is very common in both sexes, most men won't develop symptoms or serious health problems, and there is no test to detect the virus in men. The only approved HPV test on the market is for women, for use in cervical-cancer screening. The advisory committee also voted that Cervarix, a new HPV vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline, appeared to be safe and effective for girls and young women 10 to 25 years of age. Cervarix has been approved in Europe. "This is an important step in cancer prevention for the millions of girls and young women at risk for cervical cancer," said Barbara Howe, vice president and director of North American vaccine development for GlaxoSmithKline. "If approved, Cervarix will provide protection against cervical cancer, a devastating disease that is responsible for thousands of deaths in U.S. women each year." Still, the panel recommended that Glaxo do more studies that would monitor miscarriages and other problems reported by patients. In a final review, both applications will be considered by the FDA, which usually -- but not always -- follows the recommendations of its advisory committees.
Two people have been killed and 45 others were wounded when clashes broke out during anti-government protests in Thailand's capital, an official said.|||Pornthep Saeheng, from the city's Erawan emergency center, gave CNN the updated toll -- which was double the number reported on Saturday, when the violence occurred. At least one of those killed was a university student who was shot inside Ramkhmhaeng University, according to a spokesman for the center. The incident occurred on the same day that 2,000 members of the armed forces were called in to protect government buildings after demonstrators stormed a number of them, according to Lt. Gen. Paradon Pattanathabut. Saturday's violence came after weeks of heightened tensions. On Friday, hundreds of protesters stormed army headquarters in Bangkok to demand help overthrowing the government led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. Yingluck's critics accuse her of being the puppet of her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, a telecommunications tycoon and former premier who was ousted in a 2006 coup. Yingluck denied that charge in an interview with CNN's Anna Coren on Friday. Yingluck survived a no-confidence vote in parliament Thursday. "The government is ready to open a space for dialogue," the embattled prime minister said in a brief televised statement after the vote. She added that officials were willing to "listen to all voices of people, including those who are still occupying the governmental offices." But a spokesman for Yingluck's Pheu Thai Party said she would not resign or dissolve the parliament. "She will stay in power," Prompong Nopparit said. Thaksin was a polarizing figure who was removed from power by the military in 2006, while he was in New York. Except for a brief return in 2008, he has lived in exile since. Thai courts have convicted him of corruption and sentenced him in absentia to two years in prison. Courts have also frozen billions of dollars of his assets, but he is believed to still have a great deal of money held elsewhere. On Monday, protesters in Bangkok stormed the finance ministry building and converted it into a command center. The protests started as a response to a government-backed amnesty bill that could have extended a pardon to Thaksin Shinawatra and opened the door for his return to Thailand. The Thai senate rejected the bill on November 11, but opposition demonstrators have called since then for Yingluck's government to be replaced. At various points during the past few days, demonstrators have surrounded the foreign ministry, the agriculture ministry and the interior ministry. Yingluck had said authorities will "absolutely not use violence" to disperse the demonstrators. But the situation is delicate after Thai police issued an arrest warrant against protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban. On Thursday, protesters pulled down electricity wires to the National Police Headquarters. The protests evoke the 2010 clashes in Bangkok between security forces and Thaksin supporters who demanded his return. Some 90 people, many of them civilians, were killed.
(CNN) -- At last the mystery has been solved.|||Since a fan tweeted a picture of Jerry Seinfeld and Jason Alexander outside Tom's Restaurant, which served as a stand-in Monk's on the hit NBC show "Seinfeld," there has been buzz about what it could mean. Was it a Super Bowl commercial? Something having to do with Seinfeld's Web series "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee"? Or was it perhaps, like the sitcom, a whole bunch of nothing? The answer is yes. In addition to the comic, the mini-"Seinfeld" reunion included Alexander, who played George Costanza on the show, and Wayne Knight, who played Newman the postal carrier. It turned out to be a bit of a commercial for Seinfeld's "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee." On that show, Seinfeld often sits down for a chat with fellow comedians and celebs. In this case, Seinfeld was in character as Seinfeld hanging out with his old buddy Costanza in search of some grub during the Super Bowl. The pair bantered about a friend's Super Bowl party and a discussion ensued about "over cheering" football games. Then Jerry's nemesis, Newman, showed up. In all, it really was straightforward. Though keep in mind "Seinfeld" celebrates its 25th anniversary this year, so perhaps there is something more to the mystery after all.
New York (CNN) -- A peacock that had escaped from the Central Park Zoo returned home on its own Wednesday morning, the Wildlife Conservation Society told CNN.|||The peacock flew home at 6:45 a.m. and was safe, the society said. "We have recovered the peacock as anticipated this morning when it flew home at sunrise back into the Central Park Zoo," Zoo Director Jeff Sailer said. "A thorough understanding of the peacock's natural behavior allowed for the successful planning of its recovery." The peacock wandered from the zoo in Manhattan on Tuesday, said Mary Dixon, society spokeswoman. The bird made its way to a Fifth Avenue apartment building near the park and perched on a third-floor windowsill, but it wasn't there on Wednesday morning. Zoo officials had encouraged onlookers to avoid following or harassing the peacock. They say the runaway posed no danger to the public. Zoo officials did not say how the bird escaped or what type of enclosure he was in. According to the zoo's website, peafowl are kept in the Tisch Children's zoo, which is described as a "walk-through wildlife adventure." The notorious peacock drummed up more than 340 followers on its @CentralPeacock Twitter feed. The Central Park escapee comes after a peahen -- the female counterpart to a peacock -- fled the Bronx Zoo in May. In March, a cobra disappeared from its Bronx Zoo pen for five days.
(CNN) -- Baseball-size hail pelted parts of Nebraska Tuesday as severe thunderstorms swept through the region.|||In Omaha, cars jammed streets with residents rushing home as a storm moved in, darkening afternoon skies over the city with ominous clouds, CNN affiliate KETV reported. Forecasters warned that winds of more than 80 mph could tear through parts of the Midwest and heavy rains could cause flash floods. In Nebraska, residents shared photos on social media showing large hail -- and damage the hail left behind. An Omaha police sergeant posted a picture of what he said was an officer's dented car, its windshield shattered. A wind gust of 100 mph was reported in Ringgold County, Iowa. By 10 p.m. ET, there had been 11 reports of possible tornadoes in Nebraska, Iowa, Wyoming and Kansas, the Storm Prediction Center said. At one point, a storm churning through Nebraska was more than 10 miles tall, CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said. And it's not over yet. Storms were just gearing up Tuesday evening, Myers said, advising residents to stay indoors. Even if tornadoes don't develop, he said, damage from a derecho can be widespread and severe. "If you're in Nebraska, Iowa, or Missouri, this is going to be a very long night," Myers said. Sustained heavy rainfall could bring widespread flooding, Myers said. KETV showed rescuers working to reach residents stranded by floodwaters in an Omaha neighborhood. Police shared photos on social media of flooded and damaged roads. In nearby Missouri Valley, Iowa, the storm ripped the roof off a hotel, the CNN affiliate reported. Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad issued a storm disaster proclamation Tuesday night for Pottawattamie County, where the storms hit while voters were heading to the polls for primary elections. CNN's Dave Hennen, Dave Alsup and Todd Borek contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- Rights groups have slammed a lunch hosted by Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Friday for including monarchs criticized for their countries' human rights records.|||Among those who attended the event at Windsor Castle is the king of Bahrain, whose government has come under fire for its crackdown on anti-government protests last year and its handling of continuing unrest. Swaziland's King Mswati III, accused by critics of enjoying a lavish lifestyle at public expense while his people suffer great poverty, was also there. The monarchs' lunch, with a menu that included English asparagus, lamb from Windsor and strawberries from Kent, is part of celebrations of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, marking her 60 years on the throne. It will be followed by an evening banquet at Buckingham Palace hosted by Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said it was "outrageous that the queen has invited royal tyrants to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee." He called for the invitations to monarchs heading nations with poor records on rights to be withdrawn immediately and said protesters would stage a rally outside Buckingham Palace as royals arrive for the dinner. "The invitations are a shocking misjudgment," he said. "They show the queen is out of touch with the humanitarian values of most British people. She's putting royalty before human rights." No significant protests marked the monarchs' arrival at Windsor, where they were each greeted by the queen and the duke of Edinburgh before sitting down to eat. But rights group Amnesty International said the event risked giving the impression that Britain did not care about the victims of human rights abuses. "We can imagine why victims of recent human rights abuses in countries like Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Swaziland and Thailand might feel their plight has been ignored when they see the guest list for the queen's diamond jubilee celebrations," said Philip Luther, Middle East and North Africa director for Amnesty International. He said that Bahrain's King Hamad al-Khalifa had tried to address the abuses committed last year by setting up an independent inquiry but that failures to ensure reforms are fully implemented "make his promises seem hollow." Luther added: "He should use this occasion to commit to releasing the prisoners of conscience still held in Bahrain and ensure true accountability for the violations of the last year." The UK Foreign Office said all the world's sovereigns have been invited to the lunch, which was organized by the Royal Household with its support, although all will not necessarily attend. A Foreign Office spokesman defended the inclusion of al-Khalifa at the lunch, saying Britain and Bahrain "work together closely on a range of important issues." "The UK is a longstanding friend and ally of Bahrain, and ministers regularly meet with Bahraini counterparts in the UK and abroad," he said. "This strong relationship also allows us to have a full and frank discussion on a range ofÂ issues including those where we have concerns. On human rights, we support the reforms already under way in Bahrain, and we want to help promote that reform." The reforms include "bringing to account those individuals responsible for human rights abuses," he said. Grand Prix organizers were urged to cancel the F1 race in Bahrain last month because of concerns about human rights. Bahrain is home to the U.S. Fifth Fleet and is viewed as an important bulwark against Iran's influence in the Persian Gulf. Bahrain's king is not on the guest list for the smaller evening event, but Swaziland's monarch is among those invited to both lunch and dinner. The menus for the two meals have not been made public. Royals from Denmark, Luxembourg, Norway, Sweden, Monaco, Brunei, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and Thailand are among those invited to both events, as are the emperor and empress of Japan. The Spanish queen did not attend, however, amid tensions over a planned visit by Prince Edward and his wife next month to Gibraltar, a UK territory that Spain also claims. "Queen Sofia has canceled her visit to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations following the advice from the Spanish government that the visit would be inappropriate in the current circumstances regarding Gibraltar," a spokesman for the Spanish Royal Household said. CNN's Max Foster, David Wilkinson and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- A computer hacker responsible for creating and operating a massive scam that infected as many as 12 million computers worldwide has been identified and arrested, authorities said Wednesday.|||The FBI said in a news statement a 23-year-old Slovene known as "Iserdo" was arrested last week for his role in a cyber scam that stole passwords from websites and financial institutions. Authorities believe the Slovenian citizen is responsible for creating and selling the Mariposa botnet. Botnets are a network of computers infected with a malicious kind of robot software which allow remote access, often without the owner's knowledge. Police suspect this particular botnet was built with a computer virus known as the "Butterfly Bot," the news statement said. It was designed to steal computer users' credit card and bank information, launch a denial of service attacks and spread viruses. "In the last two years, the software used to create the Mariposa botnet was sold to hundreds of other criminals, making it one of the most notorious in the world," said FBI Director Robert Mueller. "These cyber intrusions, thefts and frauds undermine the integrity of the Internet and the businesses that rely on it; they also threaten the privacy and pocketbooks of all who use the Internet." The significant arrest comes about five months after Spanish authorities arrested three suspected Mariposa botnet operators. These individuals are being prosecuted in Spain, the FBI said. Where "Iserdo" is being held was not disclosed.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Two-year-old Tangena Hussain vanished three months ago in the Detroit suburb of Hamtramck, Michigan, and police say the trail has gone cold.|||Tangena Hussain, 2, has been missing since October 2 and police in Michigan are asking for the public's help. Tangena's mother called police on the evening of October 2, 2008, to report her daughter missing after frantically searching the area where she was last seen. The child's mother, Nilufa Begum, told police she had left the girl in the care of her boyfriend, Jamrul Hussain. Although Tangena and Hussain have the same last name, he is not her father. Begum told investigators her daughter was with Hussain all day while she worked at the Northland Mall. Hussain said he stopped at a gas station with Tangena while on the way to the mall to pick up Begum. They stopped at about 9 p.m. to buy gum and juice, he said. Hussain told police he left Tangena in the car for only a few moments and when he returned, the little girl was gone. He did not call police and did not conduct a search, but instead drove to the mall and picked up Begum, investigators said. When she saw Tangena was not with Hussain, Begum asked him where she was. His response was cryptic, she told police. He said he would take her to the place where her daughter was. Begum became alarmed as Hussain drove to a gas station where, he said, Tangena disappeared. They searched for Tangena together, while Begum called the police to report her daughter missing. A surveillance camera shows the boyfriend, Hussain, going into the gas station's store, police said. On the video, he makes some purchases and leaves within a few minutes. But there is no video of the area where Hussain parked his car, nor any video that could show whether the little girl had been there or how she might have disappeared. Police have not named a person of interest in the toddler's disappearance. When the media picked up the story, a teenager came forward, saying she recognized Hussain as the man who allegedly attacked her. During the investigation, police discovered that the young accuser, then 15, had been Hussain's prior girlfriend. Hussain, 24, was arrested and charged with two counts of having sex with a minor. He is free on bail while awaiting trial. "My client is innocent of the charges. He did not have sex with a minor child," said Hussain's lawyer, Shawn Patrick Smith. Tangena's parents said they just want answers. Her father, Mohammad Ahmed, lives in New York and added $5,000 to an existing Crimestopper's reward of $1,000. "We are praying that someone knows something that can help us find my daughter," Ahmed said. "How can a child disappear without someone seeing something? Something doesn't fit about [Hussain's] story." When questioned, Begun told police only she and Hussain saw Tangena in the week leading up to her October 2 disappearance. A Michigan Amber Alert was issued for Tangena at 5 a.m. the morning after she disappeared. But in the months since, police have hit a dead end. Police and family members are turning to the public for help. If anyone has seen Tangena Hussain or has any information regarding her whereabouts, please call the Detroit Police Department at 313-596-1240. Tangena is 3' 2" tall, weighs 34 lbs, has black short hair, brown eyes, and is of East Indian descent. She was last seen wearing white cargo pants, brown long-sleeved T-shirt with a cartoon picture on the front and gold sandals. The reward for information leading to the whereabouts of Tangena Hussain is $6,000.
Tokyo (CNN) -- A Japanese helicopter plucked the pilot of a U.S. fighter jet from the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday after an unspecified problem forced him to eject in mid-flight.|||The F-15 jet, from the U.S. Air Force's Kadena base on the island of Okinawa, developed the problem on Tuesday morning, the U.S. Air Force said. The pilot, whose name has not been disclosed, is reported to have ejected safely about 70 miles (110 kilometers) east of Okinawa around 9 a.m., according to the Air Force. A Japan Self Defense Force helicopter rescued the pilot, who was floating in the ocean with the aid of a life raft, the Japanese Coast Guard said. It didn't provide any details on the pilot's condition. The Air Force said the cause of the crash will be investigated.
(CNN) -- Time to make some popcorn, light a few candles and fire up the flatscreen -- to celebrate National Kissing Day on July 6, travel website Travelzoo has released a list of the world's top 10 romantic movie locations.|||There will plenty to quibble with, of course, especially given the absence of cities traditionally associated with romance -- San Francisco, Venice and the entire continent of South America got snubbed. Unspoiled scenery, natural beauty and the Oscar-winning "Out of Africa" helped Kenya's Ngong Hills grab the top spot on the list. Paris ranks second after Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy made sparks in "Before Sunset." The setting for the ultimate smooch scene between Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan in "Sleepless in Seattle," New York takes third. The movie's title town didn't get the call -- sorry, Seattle, Travelzoo apparently likes you, just not in that way. 10 most romantic movie locations (according to Travelzoo) 1. Ngong Hills, Kenya -- "Out of Africa" 2. Paris -- "Before Sunset" 3. New York -- "Sleepless in Seattle" 4. Rome -- "Roman Holiday" 5. Wicklow Mountains, Ireland -- "P.S. I Love You" 6. Halona Cove, Hawaii -- "From Here to Eternity" 7. Atlanta -- "Gone With the Wind" 8. Tokyo -- "Lost in Translation" 9. Bakewell, UK -- "Pride & Prejudice" 10. Burgundy, France -- "Chocolat" Have your own favorite romantic destination? Tell us about it in the comment section.
(CNN) -- Western Sydney Wanderers became the first Australian club to win the Asian Champions League after a goalless draw away to Saudi Arabia's Al Hilal ensured a closely fought 1-0 aggregate victory in the tournament final Saturday.|||A heroic defensive display and some favorable refereeing ensured striker Tom Juric's goal in last week's first leg at the Parramatta Stadium in Sydney was enough to claim the continent's most coveted club prize. Wanderers can now look forward to the FIFA World Club Championships in Morocco next month where they could come up against the likes of Real Madrid or San Lorenzo, current champions of Europe and South America's leading club competitions respectively. The unlikely triumph is all the more remarkable given that the Wanderers were only founded in 2012 and were playing in continental competition for the first time. Only 14 Wanderers fans were given visas to attend the game in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, which was played in front of a highly partisan crowd in the King Fahd Stadium. "The game was everything you expect from a final," explained a delighted Wanderers coach and former Mark Popovic in quotes carried by the Asian Football Confederation website after the match. "It is still a little surreal for me as a coach. I am sure it will hit home in the next few days when we reflect. "I am just proud for these players and our club. The first time in the competition, to win it, I think in the future we will really understand how special this run has been and how it was to win this title. Popovic's side have earned a reputation as a mean defensive unit over the course of the competition. Golakeeper Ante Covic was named the player of the tournament after the match and produced a series of spectacular saves in both legs of the final to keep the vastly more experienced Al Hilal at bay. But the keeper was extremely lucky not to give away a penalty midway through the second half when he cleaned out Al Hilal striker Salman al-Faraj in the box. Fortunately for Covic, the Japanese referee didn't point to the spot despite the protestations of incredulous Al Hilal players. Al Hilal's Romanian coach, Laurentiu Reghecampf, lamented the decision from the sidelines but later described being more disappointed by the fact his team were not able to make the most of their chances over both legs. "We had bad luck and we had many chances," Reghecampf said. "We were the best team over the two games." "If you lose one game when you play bad, you can congratulate the other team. But when you play how we played and they play how they played, we feel very bad." "We had a lot of chances but we missed them. If the ball does not come to our strikers they cannot score and that's why we have to find a balance between attack and defense."
New York (CNN) -- Trinidad native Kareem Ibrahim was convicted Thursday of conspiring to detonate fuel tanks and a fuel pipeline at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, according to a statement from the U.S. Eastern District Court of New York.|||Ibrahim was one of three men arrested in the 2007 plot, after a government informant infiltrated the group and taped its conversations, and he now faces the possibility of life behind bars. Co-conspirators Abdul Kadir and Russell Defreitas earlier received life sentences in the plot. The leader of the Shiite Muslim community in Trinidad and Tobago, Ibrahim provided religious and operational support to the men plotting the attack, according to prosecutors. In one recorded conversation he advised that the men must be ready to "fight it out, kill who you could kill and go back to Allah." Defreitas, who authorities say was the mastermind behind the plan, had extensive knowledge of the JFK Airport where he worked as a cargo handler and in 2006 recruited Ibrahim, Kadir and Abdel Nur to join him in the plot. According to the statement from U.S. Eastern District Court of New York, Ibrahim "believed the attack would cause extensive damage to the airport and to the United States economy, as well as the loss of innocent lives." The specific charges Ibrahim was convicted of were conspiracy to attack a public transportation system, conspiracy to destroy a building by fire or explosive, conspiracy to attack aircraft and aircraft materials, conspiracy to destroy international airport facilities and conspiracy to attack a mass transportation facility, the statement said. Last August, Defreitas and Kadir were convicted by a federal jury in New York. Defreitas was found guilty on all six counts against him: conspiring to attack a public transportation system, to destroy a building or other real property by fire or explosive, to attack aircraft and aircraft materials, to destroy or damage international airport facilities and to attack a mass transportation facility, and surveillance of a mass transportation facility. Kadir was found guilty on five of the counts, but not guilty on the count of surveillance of mass transportation facility. In response to the decision in Ibrahim's case Thursday, U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch said in a statement, "In pursuit of a radical terrorist agenda, bent on the destruction of John F. Kennedy Airport and the murder of innocent civilians, Imam Kareem Ibrahim abandoned the true tenets of his religion." "We will continue to seek out and bring to justice all those who plot to attack the United States and its people," she added. Nur pleaded guilty last June to providing material support to a terrorist conspiracy and was sentenced to 15 years in prison.
(CNN)Pope Francis has stirred up a hornet's nest with remarks in which he said it's OK for parents to spank children, so long as they do it with dignity.|||The comments came in his general audience Wednesday in St. Peter's Square, when Francis was talking about the importance of a good father within a family. "I once heard at a wedding a father say, 'I sometimes have to hit my children a little but never in the face, so as to not demean them.' How nice, I thought, he has a sense of dignity," the Pope said. "When he punishes, he does it right and moves on." CNN Parents: OK to discipline another parent's child? The principle of not humiliating the child while doling out the punishment appears to be central to the Pope's justification of spanking, as is that of forgiveness. "A good father knows how to wait and knows how to forgive from the bottom of his heart. Of course he can also discipline with a firm hand: he's not weak, submissive, sentimental," he said. "This father knows how to discipline without demeaning; he knows how to protect without restraint." The issue of corporal punishment for children is divisive in many countries, and the Pope's remarks prompted an outpouring of both support and criticism on social media. Father Thomas Rosica, a Vatican spokesman, told CNN that it was important not to take the Pope's words out of context -- and that there was an important distinction to be made between discipline and punishment. "It's about time that we stop and allow the Pope to speak the language of most ordinary people, especially parents, who understand the Pope far better than those who parse every single word and statement that comes out of his mouth!" he said. Opinion: Spanking isn't child abuse; it's common sense. "Let us not read into the Pope's words anything other than what is there. He speaks constantly of mercy and tenderness. He speaks as a pastor and loving father figure who loves children and wants the best for them." Francis showed this affection in a Google Hangout with disabled children from around the world Thursday, Rosica added, and "speaks about disciplining children and never punishing them." The pontiff also met with street children on a visit to a shelter in the Philippines last month. According to the website of the Global Alliance to End Corporal Punishment of Children, children in at least 43 states are protected by law from all corporal punishment. CNN Parents: The cultural, generational and religious roots to spanking. They include more than 20 European nations, as well as countries in Africa and Latin America. The United States is not one of the nations where corporal punishment is banned, but an anti-spanking movement has gained momentum there. The case of NFL star Adrian Peterson, given probation, a fine and community service in November after he admitted whipping his 4-year-old son, stirred up the debate. The NFL also suspended the Minnesota Vikings star running back for the rest of the season. CNN's Gisela Deputato contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Authorities warned of high temperatures and strong winds Sunday as hundreds of firefighters battle a northern Colorado blaze that has destroyed almost 200 homes.|||A warning is in effect until 8 p.m. local time, fire officials said, with temperatures expected to be in the 90s and wind gusts of up to 50 mph. The High Park Fire is west of Fort Collins, and has burned more than 55,000 acres so far. It is about 45% contained. More than 1,600 firefighters were battling the blaze. It has destroyed at least 181 homes, according to a statement posted on InciWeb, a U.S. multiagency fire response website. "The assessment is still under way and this number will continue to grow," the statement said. The blaze has moved through forests and neighborhoods, forcing thousands of evacuations and leaving a trail of destruction. It has claimed one life, a 62-year-old woman found dead in her burned home last week. "It will be some time before this fire is out, but our challenge now is to make sure we do everything to contain the damage," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, who oversees the Forest Service. Vilsack toured the Colorado blaze and said it is one of thousands burning nationwide. The National Weather Service has issued warnings of high chances of wildfire activity in nine states, including Colorado. Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said a tree struck by lightning about a week ago sparked the mammoth blaze in his state. Elsewhere in Colorado, firefighters are battling an 11,600-acre fire near Pagosa Springs that broke out last month. That blaze is 30% contained. Meanwhile Sunday, a new fire broke out and quickly spread to 200 acres near Pueblo, forcing some evacuations of residents. In New Mexico, the Whitewater Baldy complex has scorched more than 290,000 acres, the agriculture secretary said. Hundreds of firefighters from across the United States are helping local departments battle the blaze. Inciweb reports 303 personnel on site. The blaze was 75% contained as of Sunday. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Residents are still dealing with the aftermath of Irene -- a massive storm that pummeled the East Coast.|||The storm killed 43 people from Florida to New England and some of the worst flooding struck Vermont, New Jersey and upstate New York. More than 1.1 million customers were still without power Thursday from North Carolina to Maine, the U.S. Department of Energy said. Relief organizations are working to help victims in Irene's path. There are ways you can help. At least 1,300 people awoke Wednesday morning in Red Cross shelters up and down the East Coast. The Red Cross has provided about 54,000 overnight shelter stays since the storm hit. "The storm may be over, but our work is far from done," said Gail McGovern, Red Cross president. "We expect this disaster relief operation to be a very large operation that will continue for several weeks." The organization has served more than 680,000 meals and snacks and has handed out more than 29,000 relief items such as hygiene kits, mops and tarps. To donate to relief efforts, visit the website or text the word "REDCROSS" to 90999 to make a $10 donation. Irene has also caused a shortfall of more than 2,700 blood donations over the past few days. To donate blood, go online or call 1-800-REDCROSS. The Salvation Army is helping survivors who are still struggling with the floods and power outages left by Irene. The organization has served nearly 150,000 meals, snacks and drinks to storm victims from the Carolinas to New England. The group has been providing warm meals to evacuees and emergency responders in flood impacted northeastern states including New York and Vermont. To make a donation, go online, call 1-800-SAL-ARMY or text "STORM" to 80888 to make a $10 donation. $10 will feed a disaster survivor for one day. Samaritan's Purse teams are working in coastal North Carolina to help victims of Irene. A Disaster Relief Unit has been set up in New Bern, North Carolina. Staff and volunteers began removing downed trees and assisting homeowners on Sunday afternoon. Visit the website to make a donation or to sign up as a volunteer. Teams from Operation Blessing International are in the Hampton Roads area of Virginia clearing debris from homes and providing food to residents whose homes were flooded. The group is accepting volunteers in teams of three or more people to help remove debris, repair homes and serve hot meals. To volunteer, call the organization's office of National Volunteer Management at 1-757-226-3407 or e-mail volunteer@ob.org. Donations can be made on the website. AmeriCares launched a $500,000 U.S. Disaster Recovery Initiative to aid survivors of Irene and other recent storms. In hard-hit North Carolina and Virginia, AmeriCares is helping to deliver more than 120,000 bottles of water for families affected by severe flooding and major power outages. Go online to support AmeriCares' hurricane relief efforts. Islamic Relief USA dispatched two teams of volunteers and staff to two local shelters in New Jersey. The group has distributed food, clothing and medicine to about 1,600 evacuees. To help with relief efforts, visit the website. World Vision's domestic emergency response team is preparing to deploy to areas hit hardest by Irene. Field sites in New York, West Virginia and D.C. are preparing relief items like personal hygiene kits, cleaning supplies, water and clothing. To make a donation, visit the website.
(CNN) -- Before women gained the right to vote in 1920, Besse Cooper joined the suffrage movement.|||Then 24, the Georgia school teacher registered women to vote and spoke to others about the importance of having a voice in politics. Cooper voted in every election after the 19th Amendment was passed, save for two. She died Tuesday, at age 116, only one of eight people recognized by the Guinness World Records to have lived that long. Her son Sidney said his mother had her hair done Tuesday morning by a stylist at the assisted-living center where she had lived for the past 11 years but began to have trouble breathing. She died later in her room, peacefully, he said. When asked for her secret to a long life, Cooper told the Guinness website earlier this year: "I mind my own business. And I don't eat junk food." Sidney Cooper, 77, said his mother was a strong, determined woman who, like the school teacher she was, could be a disciplinarian. She was fair and honest, he said, but "when she said something needed to be done, you'd better do it." Besse Cooper was born in Sullivan County, Tennessee, on August 26, 1896. She began to go to school at age 5 -- yes, she walked from a log cabin -- to make sure one of her brothers attended. She grew to love going to class and eventually went to East Tennessee Normal School (now East Tennessee State University) in Johnson City to study education. When she graduated, she got a job earning $35 a month. When she heard from a friend she could make more in Georgia, she got a job in Monroe making twice as much. She married Luther Cooper in 1924, and he died in 1963. She never remarried. Sidney Cooper said his mother always said her best years were when she was in her 80s. He will always remember her with her straw hat on, working in the flower garden, scratching weeds away with her hoe. She always had fresh-cut flowers in her home, and in her later years, her family would bring some to her room. She also loved to watch the news on television, her son said. "She was very intelligent," Sidney Cooper said. "She loved to read." Her eyesight had deteriorated, though, and she no longer read the Bible or any of the great works of fiction. Aside from a few heart issues, she was in "amazing" health, her son said, adding that she never complained of pain even in her final days. Besse Cooper gained the distinction of being oldest living human from Guinness World Records in January 2011. She briefly moved to second on the list when the record keepers found a woman in Brazil who was 48 days older, but Maria Gomes Valentim died in June 2011, just weeks before her 115th birthday. The oldest person to have ever lived, according to Guinness World Records, was Jeanne Louise Calment. She died in southern France in 1997 at the age of 122. As for her voting record, Besse Cooper didn't vote this year. Neither she nor her husband voted in 1948. They thought Thomas Dewey was a shoo-in. Besse Cooper is survived by four children, 11 grandchildren, 13 great-grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren.
(CNN) -- Los Angeles police have launched an internal investigation to determine who leaked a picture that appears to show a bruised and battered Rihanna.|||Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, before the Grammys on February 8. The close-up photo -- showing a woman with contusions on her forehead and below her eyes, and cuts on her lip -- was published on the entertainment Web site TMZ Thursday. TMZ said it was a photo of Rihanna. Twenty-one-year-old Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, on a Los Angeles street before the two were to perform at the Grammys on February 8. "The unauthorized release of a domestic violence photograph immediately generated an internal investigation," an L.A. police spokesman said in a statement. "The Los Angeles Police Department takes seriously its duty to maintain the confidentiality of victims of domestic violence. A violation of this type is considered serious misconduct, with penalties up to and including termination." A spokeswoman for Rihanna declined to comment. The chief investigator in the case had told CNN earlier that authorities had tried to guard against leaks. Detective Deshon Andrews said he had kept the case file closely guarded and that no copies had been made of the original photos and documents. Brown was arrested on February 8 in connection with the case and and booked on suspicion of making criminal threats. Authorities are trying to determine whether Brown should face domestic violence-related charges. Brown apologized for the incident this week. "Words cannot begin to express how sorry and saddened I am over what transpired," the 19-year-old said in a statement released by his spokesman. "I am seeking the counseling of my pastor, my mother and other loved ones and I am committed, with God's help, to emerging a better person." CNN's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- "Barefoot Bandit" Colton Harris-Moore has sold the movie rights to his life story to 20th Century Fox, a studio spokesman said Thursday.|||The Fox spokesman, however, said reports the studio paid $1.3 million for the right were "highly exaggerated." Harris-Moore, 20, was a teenager when he took a two-year joy ride running from the cops, which ended last year with his arrest in the Bahamas. As part of a plea deal, Harris-Moore agreed to give up any profits that may come from book or movie deals on his story. His attorney, John Henry Browne, has said his client wants any such money to go to the victims. Harris-Moore is estimated to owe more than $1.4 million in restitution. Harris-Moore led law enforcement on a wild ride across nine states and three countries. He stole, flew and crashed five airplanes. His final journey took him across eight states, leaving behind a trail of home and business break-ins and stolen cars. Surveillance video shows him taking off in a stolen plane from Bloomington, Indiana, heading to the Bahamas. Harris-Moore lasted a few more days before police stopped him by shooting up a stolen boat while Harris-Moore was stuck on a sand bar. Harris-Moore's plea deal is expected to result in a 10-year prison term when he is sentenced in late October. He also faces an assortment of state charges. CNN's Ted Rowlands and Matthew Carey contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Oklahoma health officials said Friday they are searching for the source of a rare form of E. coli that has killed one person and sickened 116 others in the northeastern part of the state.|||The subtype of bacteria -- called E. coli 0111 -- is "not normally found in this form of outbreak," said Leslea Bennett-Webb, director of communication for the Oklahoma State Department of Health. More than 50 people have been hospitalized and nine people -- six of them children -- have been placed on dialysis, she said. She said the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia, helped state officials determine the subtype, but said the cause of the outbreak remains unknown. "The focus has been narrowed to the Country Cottage Restaurant located in Locust Grove," she said, noting that most of the people who became ill ate there between August 15 and August 23. Tests carried out on water from a well on restaurant property indicate the presence of bacteria, but "we have not been able to confirm what kind of bacteria," said Skylar McElhaney, a spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality. The Oklahoma Department of Health will analyze them and compare them with samples taken from victims, she said. "We can't say for sure that it is tied to the water in any way, but we also cannot rule it out," she said. Symptoms of infection with the bacteria can include severe diarrhea, bloody diarrhea, vomiting and severe abdominal cramping, said Larry Weatherford of the Oklahoma State Department of Health. Management at the restaurant, which has closed during the investigation, was working closely with health officials, he added. Meanwhile, the outbreak appears to be abating. "While we believe we are seeing a downward curve in the number of people who have become ill, we still have many challenges with some patients who remain hospitalized," said State Epidemiologist Dr. Kristy Bradley. "We continue to ask the public to be extra diligent in their hand washing and food preparation to minimize the possibility of additional persons becoming ill." The CDC estimates there may be about 70,000 E. coli infections each year in the United States.
(CNN) -- After three days of horrifying images from Kiev, February 21 brought tentative good news from the Ukrainian capital. President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Oleh Tyahnybok and Arseniy Yatsenyuk concluded an agreement on a political settlement. If it holds, it offers Ukrainians a peaceful path out of the crisis that has gripped their country for the past three months.|||But the agreement is fragile. It will encounter opposition from within Ukraine. Indeed, protestors on the Maidan are already calling for Yanukovych's immediate removal. The Russians may try to undermine it. But the United States and European Union must work to make it succeed; it is the best bet that Ukraine now has. It comes at a moment when the crisis had reached the brink of chaos. There had been three days of violent clashes between demonstrators and police, the threat by Security Services of a nationwide "anti-terrorist operation," and images, splashed across the media, of Berkut riot police firing on demonstrators. At least 75 died and hundreds were injured in the capital. The Polish, German and French foreign ministers arrived on February 20. Their mission was bolstered by reports that the European Union later that day would impose visa and financial sanctions against Ukrainian officials responsible for the use of force (this came a day after Washington announced that it was banning visas for 20 regime officials). The EU foreign ministers met with the opposition leaders, then with Yanukovych. All came together for discussions that ran through the night. They were joined by Vladimir Lukin, the former Russian human rights ombudsman, hastily dispatched to Kiev by Russian President Vladimir Putin. Yanukovych and the opposition leaders reached and initialed a tentative agreement the morning of February 21. After the opposition leaders consulted with a council representing the protesters, the agreement was signed. Among the key points:. -- Adoption of a law to restore the 2004 constitution, which will provide for more of a balance of power between the Rada (Ukraine's parliament) and prime minister on the one hand, and the president on the other. The current constitution favors the president. -- Formation of a national unity government within 10 days. -- Further constitutional reform to be completed by September. -- Early presidential elections, to be held once the constitutional reform is completed, but no later than December. The agreement provides a road map for Ukraine to move forward to normalize the country's political life. The result would be a greater balance in power between the legislative and executive branches of government, and between the prime minister -- who presumably will come from the opposition ranks or will be someone acceptable to the opposition -- and the president. It likely means that Yanukovych will be a one-term president. His poll numbers already were severely sagging last year. The events of the past three months will make it all but impossible for him to win reelection in a free and fair process. The settlement also may mean that Ukraine will move to sign an association agreement with the European Union. It was Yanukovych's decision in November not to sign that triggered the initial protests; they morphed into an expression of broader public discontent with the government corruption and authoritarian trends that have characterized Yanukovych's four years as President. The Rada wasted little time in acting on the settlement. Members cast 386 votes in favor of a proposal to return to the 2004 constitution (a constitutional majority requires only 300). But the deal remains vulnerable. Some in Yanukovych's inner circle will see it as a threat to their personal political and economic interests; they may seek to undo it. Many demonstrators will question why Yanukovych, whom they hold responsible for those killed, should remain in office another day, let alone perhaps until the end of the year. And a particularly ominous note came from Russia. Lukin joined the Polish, German and French foreign ministers in initialing the draft agreement as a witness. However, after reportedly consulting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, he did not attend the signing ceremony and did not sign the final agreement. What that says about Moscow's view of the agreement remains to be seen, but it is hardly a positive sign. Should the agreement put Kiev back on course to deepen its relationship with the European Union, expect the Kremlin to look for ways to undermine it. The European Union, whose engagement on Ukraine has often appeared frustratingly cautious, deserves considerable credit for its role. Having foreign ministers from three major EU member states in Kiev -- backed by a threat of EU sanctions -- undoubtedly helped bring the Ukrainian sides to agreement. The European Union and Washington must now do all they can to bolster the agreement and to work with Ukrainians to pursue its implementation. The alternative -- a return to the violence of earlier this week -- in unthinkable. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Pifer.
(CNN) -- Holding up a coca leaf at a U.N. meeting on narcotics Monday, Bolivian President Evo Morales defended the practice of chewing on the leaves as tradition and urged the body to reconsider its decision to declare it illegal.|||Coca leaves, the raw ingredient used in the making of cocaine, were declared an illegal substance under Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961, along with heroin and others. "I want to ask the assistance of the international community in correcting a historical error that was committed against the Bolivian people when it unreservedly ratified the Single Convention Against Narcotic Drugs of 1961," Morales told the 55th session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in Vienna, Austria. Bolivia has withdrawn from the convention, but said it would rejoin if the traditional consumption of coca leaf is allowed to continue. Morales, a former union leader for coca growers, told the body his country has designated $20 million to fight cocaine trafficking -- but cultural "producers of coca leaf are not drug dealers; consumers of coca leaf are not drug addicts," he said. "I want to stress that at no time Bolivia acts untimely or irresponsibly," he said. Coca is widely used in the Andes as a mild stimulant and herbal medicine. Advocates say the leaves, which contain small amounts of cocaine, have several health and social benefits and dismiss claims it is dangerous. Morales has said "sacred" coca in its raw state is not an addictive drug and emphasizes that it has had a legitimate medical purpose for hundreds of years. But coca remains the raw ingredient for the purified forms of cocaine, which are illegal for non-medicinal, non-government-sanctioned purposes in virtually all countries. And for almost half a century the chewing of coca leaves has been banned internationally. Bolivia is currently the world's third biggest coca producer after Colombia and Peru, according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. It has much to gain if its campaign to legalize coca leaves is successful. Energy drinks, flour and even toothpaste derived from the leaves could be sold around the world. One of these, Coca Colla, which trades on the name of the more famous U.S. soft drink that originally contained coca, has been a hit since its launch last year in Bolivia in 2010. According to the Washington Office on Latin America, (WOLA) an American non-governmental organization, the United States is likely to oppose any move to have coca leaf removed from the 1961 U.N. Single Convention on Narcotics Drugs. The International Narcotics Control Board is also opposed to any lifting of the ban. CNN's Peter Wilkinson and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The London-based leader of one of Pakistan's most powerful regional parties was arrested at his home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe, officials of his party said.|||Altaf Hussain, leader of Pakistan's Mutahida Qaumi Movement, was arrested by London's Metropolitan Police, MQM Senior Deputy Gov. Nadeem Nusrat told reporters in Pakistan. Hussain, 60, leads MQM from the United Kingdom, where he sought political asylum in 1991. MQM is the fourth-largest party in the Pakistani Parliament, holding 25 out of 446 seats, though it is a greater force in Sindh province, including Pakistan's largest city, Karachi. Metropolitan Police said they arrested a 60-year-old man at a home in northwest London on suspicion of money laundering Tuesday morning, but they did not release his name. Hussain has been ill and was preparing to leave his home to get checked at a hospital when he was arrested, Nusrat said. "Workers and supporters all over the world, including Pakistan, are very concerned and worried for his welfare," Nusrat told reporters. Metropolitan Police said the man they arrested "has an existing medical condition," and that they were taking him to a hospital for a previously scheduled medical appointment. "He will remain in custody of officers throughout," the police said in a written statement. Details of the money laundering allegations weren't immediately available. Faisal Subzwari, a senior MQM politician, told CNN the party is cooperating with the Metropolitan Police investigation. After news of the arrest, MQM called for protests in Karachi, which turned violent. The party condemned the violence, blaming "miscreants," who have nothing to do with MQM, for what happened. The Prime Minister's office similarly condemned the violence. "Though, people are restive over the arrest, Law does not warrant the loss of people's lives and properties on the pretext of reaction to the incident. The Prime Minister has directed the Government of Sindh and the law enforcement agencies to ensure the safety of lives and properties of people in Karachi," it said in a statement. MQM is based in Karachi and is a force in Sindh province's politics. It has the second-largest contingent in the provincial assembly, with 37 out of 130 seats. It styles itself as a voice for the downtrodden, the middle class and immigrants from nearby India, but political rivals accuse the party of using heavy-handed tactics, including intimidation, to stay in power. Hussain sought political asylum in the United Kingdom in 1991 because of an attempt on his life, the party has previously said.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Shada's back aches more and more each day as she literally bears her family's burden. Clothed in a black robe, she strains under her husband's weight.|||Shada now carries her husband around the house. His legs were blown off in a bombing. Murtada, a 29-year-old taxi driver, was once a proud husband and father. But one morning last October, he kissed his family good-bye and set off to work. Within hours, their world was shattered. A bomb blew off both his legs above the knee. "I lost consciousness for a bit. I knew I was wounded," he says. "I was under the car. I saw my legs were severed, just flesh and skin. I was holding my legs, bleeding."  Watch Shada strain to carry her husband ». Helpless, the daily burden is now on Shada. She carries Murtada when he needs to be moved. She can't even leave the house because of the constant care she provides her husband. "I want to work, but I can't really because then who will stay with my husband?" she says. "Who will take him to the bathroom? My first concern every morning is my husband."  See the struggles of Iraqi women ». The attack did to Murtada what roadside bombs, rocket fire, and sniper shootings have done to thousands of Iraqis. Since the war began, the estimates of wounded Iraqis have ranged from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of people.  Go inside Iraq with CNN's Arwa Damon ». According to Iraq's Health Ministry, 25 percent of the wounded have lost at least one limb. Murtada is one of these grim stats, and his life is now a nightmare. He has stumps where his legs used to be and hasn't been able to get prosthetics. He moves around by lifting himself with his arms, riding in a wheelchair or being carried by his wife. Life has forced Shada to tap into a physical and emotional strength she did not know she possessed. Their 3-year-old son helps care for his father. One time, Murtada admits his thoughts turned dark. "I was thinking, 'Is this really going to be my life?' And then I was thinking about my son and how I can't provide for him, and then I began thinking about poisoning myself." This small family lives in a small rented house in a Shiite neighborhood in western Baghdad. Shada has endured many tough times amid war and conflict. Her brother was shot dead and her father died because of poor health care. Neighbors have helped the family financially, and Shada tries to make ends meet by selling gasoline on the street. But the circumstances have forced the man she relied on to rely on her. "I look at him like a baby, with the needs of a baby," she says. "Nobody but me can help him. I cannot go to the markets because of him. I am asking people for help because I cannot leave him alone in the house." E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- Guinea international Lass Bangoura pulled out of a key African Cup of Nations match against Ghana Saturday because his club teammates were worried he could contract Ebola.|||Bangoura, who plays for Rayo Vallecano in Spain, told the La Liga side's official website that he had been told of their fears in a phone call while training for the Group E qualifier. With Guinea one of the worst affected countries by the deadly virus, the international match had already been moved to the Moroccan city of Casablanca, but that apparently did not satisfy his fellow Rayo squad members. "My teammates were afraid and at the end of practice I spoke with the (Guinea) coach Michel Dussuyer and said there was a problem, because of Ebola. "I asked him if I could be excused because I didn't want any problems with the club, because they are the ones who pay my salary," he said. Bangoura has now returned to his club, who are based in the Spanish capital Madrid where earlier this week a nurse became the first person in Europe to contract Ebola outside of West Africa. She remains critically ill in hospital. "My Rayo teammates welcomed me back," Bangoura said. "They have confidence in me, but what people need to understand is that when you are summoned for the national team, you have to see a doctor and get tested. "Every national team has its own doctor who takes care of these issues. I am fine, there is no problem (with my health)," he added. The 22-year-old Bangoura is a regular in the Rayo first team and has also established himself in his national squad. He was concerned that his withdrawal could lead to problems for his family back home in Guinea. "I just spoke to my mother, we have been talking. It is the first time I have left the national team and I am scared that there could be some crazy person who harms my family. "This afternoon I'll be speaking on my country's radio to say I have no issue with the national team and to say I'm sorry." The spread of the Ebola virus has had a serious impact on football in affected countries, with all competitive games stopped in Sierra Leona. African Cup of Nations qualifiers involving its national team, Guinea and Liberia have also been relocated by the Confederation of African Football.
(CNN) -- Despite its xenophobic, anti-immigration campaign tactics, Switzerland's far-right Swiss People's Party, which took the largest share of votes four years ago in Swiss modern history, suffered losses in Sunday's parliamentary vote as voters chose more moderate parties over polarizing candidates.|||The Conservative Democrats and the Liberal Greens -- more moderate parties -- were the clear winners of Sunday's vote, signaling a change in the nation's heavily polarized political scene. According to Swissinfo.ch, the nations' public broadcaster and pollsters, near-final results showed the People's Party taking a considerable drop, but still ahead of the center-left Social Democrats. The two traditional center-right parties, the Radicals and the Christian Democrats are also down 3% and 1.5% respectively, Swissinfo.ch reported. The far-right People's Party's loss came as a surprise to many who expected the far-right's scare campaign tactics to succeed once again. A poster in the German-speaking part of the country shows black boots marching over the Swiss flag. One in French-speaking areas shows a condom plastered over the European Union's banner, proclaiming "Swiss protection against the European virus." The anti-immigrant party looked to repeat its 2007 election victory, with pre-election opinion polls putting it in first place as voters cast ballots Sunday for the federal parliament. A Eurobarometer survey this month put the party, known as the SVP, far ahead of its main rivals, with just under a third of people saying they would back it. The Social Democrats were in second place, with about 20% support in pre-election polls, followed by the FDP Liberals, the Christian Democrats and the Greens. The People's Party won the biggest election victory in Swiss history in 2007, after a controversial campaign that blamed foreigners for much of the country's crime. The nationalist party rode a wave of anti-immigration sentiment to gain 29% of the vote -- about the same that it was getting in opinion polls ahead of the election. Switzerland's political system requires consensus, making radical government policies unlikely, regardless of the election results. But anti-immigrant sentiment helped fuel a 2009 ban on the construction of minarets, the towers usually built next to mosques for the traditional call to prayer. The SVP campaigned against minaret building in the national referendum, arguing that minarets are political symbols and therefore go against the the country's constitution. The party's campaign included fliers featuring a veiled woman against a background of a Swiss flag pierced by several minarets resembling missiles. The Federal Commission against Racism denounced the posters, saying they "defame Switzerland's peaceful Muslim population, feed prejudice and portray the Muslim community as wanting to dominate Switzerland, oppress women and trample on fundamental rights." Four years ago, the SVP ran an ad campaign featuring a poster of a white sheep kicking a black sheep off the Swiss flag. The party also called for immigrant families to be thrown out of the country if their children committed a crime. But while voters gave the People's Party the biggest win in recent years in 2007, they also elected the first black politician to the National Council. Ricardo Lumengo, who accused the SVP of "scapegoating," came to Switzerland as an asylum seeker from Angola. CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Coast Guard and Air National Guard crews spent a second day in search of four sailors from a yacht that ran aground off San Francisco over the weekend, the services said Sunday.|||At least one person died and three were rescued from the "Low Speed Chase," Petty Officer 2nd Class Levi Read said. But the remaining four people aboard remained unaccounted for Sunday afternoon, and rescuers were searching a 15-by-30-mile patch of the Pacific Ocean in hopes of finding them alive. The 38-foot sailboat was taking part in a race around the Farallon Islands, 28 miles west of the Golden Gate Bridge. The vessel's skipper reported that the yacht was hit by a series of large waves that rolled it over, tossing several crew members overboard and running it aground, the Coast Guard said Sunday. The search effort included three helicopters, a C-130 transport and four Coast Guard vessels, including the cutters Aspen, Pike and Sockeye. The yacht was taking part in the Full Crew Farallon Race, a contest that dates to 1907, according to the San Francisco Yacht Club. In a statement on its website, the club said "Low Speed Chase" was one of its vessels and that it was awaiting news of the rescue effort. Late last month, the Coast Guard rescued racers taking part in an around-the-world contest when a giant wave damaged their yacht off the coast of San Francisco. The Geraldton Western Australia was on the sixth leg of an eight-leg, 11-month race when it was struck March 31.
(CNN) -- Last April, images of Kurdish men dressed in drag started making the rounds on Facebook.|||The campaign, called Kurd Men for Equality, featured men proudly swathed in the colorful garb traditional among Kurdish women. The subjects -- young, old, moustachioed, bespectacled -- were making a statement that was at once political and feminist, proving that in the Kurdish community, the two often go hand in hand. "You can't separate the two," explains Dilar Dirik, a Kurdish activist, journalist and a Ph.D. student at the University of Cambridge. "It's a political move against the Iranian regime, and the regime happens to be oppressive, to Kurds and to women -- not just Kurdish women but all women." The campaign, which received over 17,000 Facebook "likes", and, according to the site, the endorsement of American actress Rosario Dawson, was the brainchild of two male feminists, Masoud Fathi and Dler Kamangar. They launched the campaign after an Iranian court in the Kurdish region of Marivan sentenced a man convicted of domestic abuse to walk the streets dressed in women's clothing. Fathi donned a dress, had Kamangar snap the picture, and posted the image on Facebook with the slogan, "Being a woman is not a tool to humiliate or punish anyone." "Women are part of our personality, our character. If we oppress one part of our character, we oppress ourselves," Fathi said in an interview with the Kurdistan Tribune. "If one part of us is unfree, our whole cannot be free, either." That a male-led feminist movement could emerge is somewhat surprising given the region's track record for women's rights. Diana Nammi, the executive director for the Iranian & Kurdish Women's Rights Organization (IKWRO), notes that honor killings, genital mutilation, and child marriages still make up a large part of the cultural landscape. "Officials put the number of honor killings at a few hundred each year, but I think that shows just the tip of the iceberg. The realities are far darker," she says. For the men involved in the campaign, however, women's rights is an issue of obvious importance. "In my own experience, it seems the Kurdish people are trying really hard to fight for the rights that have been taken from them. I guess women's rights is part of that whole thing," says Pedram Penhan, who says he didn't hesitate to put on a dress as part of the campaign. "I wouldn't label myself as a feminist, but I would say I'm an activist who does anything possible to make the world a better place for every human," he adds. "It might have something to do with my nationality, I suppose." Video: Yemeni girl, 11, runs from marriage. Dirik argues there are many areas where Kurdish women enjoy more rights than their female brethren in neighboring countries. By law, 30% of the Iraqi Kurdistan parliament's members must be women. The main Kurdish party in the Turkish parliament has instituted a similar quota, requiring 40% of the seats go to women. At the same time, women have also made up the backbone of many Kurdish separatist movements, including the PKK in Turkey and the YPG in Syria. "It's like affirmative action," says Dirik. "In many of the PKK camps, men do the domestic work so women can read books." To a certain extent, notes Dirik, it's because women have been denied rights, both within the Kurdish community and by the government of the country in which they reside. Read more: Saudi Arabia's first anti-domestic violence campaign. "One fighter (in the PKK) I interviewed said to me, 'I have nothing to gain from the nationalist structures of the Turkish state.' For her, she's taking up arms against patriarchy and national oppression. It's a secular revolution run by women who are the most oppressed in the world," she says. Though Nammi agrees that women play a pivotal role in these groups, she argues that their presence is not necessarily feminist in nature. "I know lots of women in these movements, and though they've been armed and are fighting shoulder-to-shoulder with men, they are just fighting as a nationalist group. Women's rights are not seriously part of their political agenda," she says. Dirik is not in agreement. "I genuinely believe that Kurd women have reached the point of no return. Even if the Kurd people were given all their cultural rights, if men didn't share them equally with women, I think women would take up arms against them," she jokes. Correction: An earlier version of this article stated Dilar Dirik visited the training camps of PKK members, which is not correct.
West, Texas (CNN) -- Walls warped or blown off entirely, even ones made of brick. Roofs sunken in, if they are still visible at all. Garage doors lying in yards.|||And, at the center of it all, a crater nearly 100 feet wide and 10 feet deep. On Tuesday, the devastation from last week's explosions at a West, Texas, fertilizer distributor became more eerily apparent as officials offered new details and opened more roads around the town's hardest hit areas. While the blast's lethal power was clear, many other questions remain. Town devastated by explosion is guided by the West way. Why did a fire start in the facility, which had shut down to workers for the day? How did that fire spark the massive explosion that tore through the northern part of town -- killing 14 people, including nine first responders, and injuring hundreds of others? What, if anything, could have been done to prevent the tragedy? So far, investigators have eliminated the possibility that natural causes started the fire, but they haven't gone beyond that. Brothers, friends lost in Texas explosion. When not funneling in and out of the command center at West High School, federal, state and local officials spent Tuesday outside using shovels to methodically search for clues. Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner said investigators were starting in the least-damaged areas, hoping to determine the heat source or material that ignited the fire. The West Fertilizer Company said its officials are focused on "fact finding," not lawsuits that may come after the blast. "We continue to do everything we can to understand what happened to ensure nothing like this ever happens again in any community," the company said. Residents of this tight-knit town of 2,800, meanwhile, tried to get back to normal, though the explosion is never far from their minds. At the Pizza House on Oak Street, waitstaff and locals discussed the state of their homes while drinking their beers, trying to figure out how to deal with the fact their once quaint farming town now resembled a war zone. Several hundred residents gathered Tuesday night at a Knights of Columbus hall, some of them standing because the place was so packed, hoping to get answers from officials. They kept their tempers in check, though it was apparent many residents just want to go home. Some who live in damaged residences in areas that have been opened up to traffic have gotten that chance. On Tuesday -- two days before President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama head to Waco, about 18 miles south, for a memorial service at Baylor University -- some of them stood motionless on their front lawns, taking in the devastation. Others kept busy sifting through what remained or trying to fix what they could. The sounds -- of trailers full of debris rolling by, or the buzz of power tools -- were reminders that, for some, life was moving on. CNN's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
Five European nations criticized Israel's decision to build thousands of new homes in occupied territory, summoning Israeli ambassadors for discussions on the matter.|||The British Foreign Office called Israel's move "deplorable" and said it threatens a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The foreign ministries of France, Spain, Denmark issued similar statements asking Israeli officials to reverse their decision. And Sweden's foreign minister said the Israeli ambassador there had been summoned to a meeting. The statements were the latest international fallout after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu authorized planning to begin for the new housing units in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, a move widely viewed as retaliatory after the Palestinian Authority won a U.N. bid to be recognized as a "non-member observer state." Read more: Clinton: New Israeli settlements a 'set back' for peace. British Minister for the Middle East Alistair Burt said that he met with Israeli Ambassador Daniel Taub Monday, calling for the government to reverse its decision. "I also made clear that the strength of our reaction stems from our disappointment that the Israeli government has not heeded the calls that we and others had made for Israel to avoid reacting to the U.N. General Assembly resolution in a way that undermines the Palestinian Authority or a return to talks," Burt said in a statement. Officials at the Israeli Embassy in London could not be immediately reached for comment. Read more: Abbas calls for Palestinian unity after 'birth certificate' for Palestinian state. Speaking to reporters Monday, White House spokesman Jay Carney said the United States opposes settlement activity and housing construction. "We urge Israeli leaders to reconsider these unilateral decisions and exercise restraint,  as these actions are counterproductive and make it harder to resume direct negotiations to achieve a two state solution," he said. German Chancellor Angela Merkel also added her voice to the growing chorus, saying her government is "worried" about Israel's settlement plans for the West Bank, the chancellor's spokeswoman said. Read more: Israel plans new homes in East Jerusalem, West Bank. The chancellor's comments come ahead of a scheduled meeting Monday between Merkel and Netanyahu in Berlin. Israeli settlements are widely considered illegal under international law; Israel insists they are not. Netanyahu has not publicly acknowledged the approval of the new construction. But a senior government official has said the prime minister signed off on building "3,000 housing units" in the East Jerusalem, and has authorized planning and zoning for future construction in the West Bank town of Ma'ale Adumim. Given the latest move by the United Nations to upgrade the recognition of the Palestinian Authority, Netanyahu said Sunday that Israel will continue building in occupied territories that are of strategic interest. "The answer to the attack on the Zionist character of the State of Israel obliges us to increase the tempo of settlement building plans in all the areas that the government has decided to settle in," the prime minister said in remarks before the start of his weekly Cabinet meeting in Jerusalem. There was also a report that settlers had moved into a building in a Palestinian neighborhood in East Jerusalem on Monday. Peace Now, an Israeli settlement watch organization, reported the move and described it as a "dangerous provocation." "It seems as if the government has set the tone, and showed that it wishes to establish as many settlements as possible, to prevent the two-states solution," Hagit Ofran, the group's settlement watch director, said in a written statement. Read more: Palestinian bid explained. The Obama administration has repeatedly warned Israel against placing settlements in East Jerusalem and the West Bank, particularly the Ma'ale Adumim area, because it would make it nearly impossible to create a contiguous Palestinian state. The Israeli Cabinet, in a unanimous vote Sunday, rejected the U.N. General Assembly's decision on Palestinian status, saying it changes nothing and will not be a basis for negotiations. The creation of a Palestinian state will require "arrangements that ensure the security of the citizens of Israel, recognition of Israel as a Jewish state, and a declaration by Palestinians that the conflict is over," according to the Cabinet statement. Saeb Erakat, the chief Palestinian negotiator, called on the international community to take action against Israel, describing the settlement move as "a flagrant violation of international law" as well as an agreement signed by Israelis and Palestinians regarding peace talks.
Saudi Arabia may block access to popular Internet messaging applications like Skype, Viber and WhatsApp if telecommunication providers there don't comply with rules and regulatory conditions, according to the country's official news agency, SPA.|||A statement from Saudi Arabia's Communications and Information Technology Commission released via SPA read, "The Commission emphasizes that it will take appropriate action regarding these applications and services in the event of failure to meet those conditions." The statement did not address how the applications in question -- which allow Internet users to communicate with each other via text messages and voice calls -- were violating any rules, but it did highlight the need for service providers in the country to quickly "work with the developers of these applications to meet regulatory requirements." Sunday's announcement came in response to local media reports last week claiming the CITC, the country's telecommunications regulator, had asked Saudi telecom companies to allow the government to monitor those applications and had given them until Saturday to respond. Despite repeated attempts, CNN was unable to reach the CITC or any of Saudi Arabia's three mobile providers (Saudi Telecom Co., Zain Group and Mobily) for comment. Sunday's move was met with derision by many Saudi social media users. "The sense that I get is weariness," said Eman Al-Nafjan, one of Saudi Arabia's most prominent bloggers, while describing the online reaction she's encountered so far. "A shrugging shoulders -- as if it's typical." "I'm not angry, just a little surprised that the Saudi government hasn't advanced beyond this type of tactic," added Al-Nafjan, who tweets as Saudiwoman. "I thought that they were better able to do this without resorting to have to threaten banning applications." Still, Al-Nafjan told CNN she's not surprised by the timing of the announcement. "I believe a big part of the reason why this is happening ... is because lots of demonstrations that were organized in Saudi Arabia were done through the use of WhatsApp," explained Al-Nafjan, citing recent small-scale demonstrations calling for the release of political prisoners. In Saudi Arabia, an absolute monarchy, protests are prohibited. Sixty percent of the country's population is under the age of 30 and Internet usage there is soaring. "A lot of human rights activists that communicate in Saudi Arabia do so using WhatsApp," added Al-Nafjan. "And women's rights movement members are communicating using WhatsApp." Al-Nafjan said Saudi activists felt safer communicating using applications like WhatsApp and Skype, as they are encrypted. According to Christopher Davidson, author of the book "After the Sheikhs: The Coming Collapse of the Gulf Monarchies," the Saudi government has grown increasingly concerned about the rising tide of dissent being expressed by Saudi online activists of late. Davidson explained Saudi authorities would be looking for a way to monitor these applications because they are "prime examples of modernizing technologies which cannot be co-opted and controlled by national governments and their security apparatus." "In the past we've had these voice-to-voice networks being blocked," said Davidson. "Sometimes for economic reasons, trying to protect state telecommunications monopolies. And that's certainly been an issue in the past -- the blocking of Skype in some of the Gulf monarchies. But now I think it's quite clear ... that it's the social and political use of this media that's most alarming." For Al-Nafjan, the move is a "waste of time." "People will know it's not safe and move to another application," said Al-Nafjan. "The same thing happened with BlackBerry." Saudi authorities threatened to ban BlackBerry service in the kingdom in 2010, accusing the company of not complying with regulations. The CITC demanded the company install local servers so the service could be censored. An agreement was eventually reached but it is not known what steps were taken by the manufacturer of the Canadian smartphone in order to do so. "People who are aware know that it's not that big of a deal even if these applications are blocked," explained Al-Nafjan. "The issue is if they ban the Internet or if they don't provide Internet sevices. As long as the Internet is available, there's no way that they can end freedom of speech -- it's gone beyond the point of no return."
(CNN) -- Real Salt Lake sealed an upset win over the Los Angeles Galaxy on Sunday night with a 5-4 penalty victory, after extra-time in the Major League Soccer Cup final that ended with the score at 1-1.|||Robbie Russell netted the vital spot kick after Real Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimando made two saves and MLS Most Valuable Player, and LA Galaxy captain, Langdon Donovan sent his shot sailing over the crossbar. Salt Lake's win at the Qwest Field arena in Seattle, ended David Beckham's bid to claim a third national title in as many different nations, having previously won the English Premier League with Manchester United and La Liga with Spain's Real Madrid. The Galaxy struck first, with midfielder Mike Magee drilling a 41st-minute shot into an open net. His strike came after Beckham passed to Donovan, who set-up Magee at the far post. Seattle: America's soccer city. Real Salt Lake hit back with 25 minutes left when Robbie Findley reacted first after Yuri Movsisyan's attempt on goal was blocked, tying the match and setting up the penalty shootout. Beckham got the Galaxy off to a good start in the shoot out as he scored with confidence, but his team could not follow in the same manner. Jovan Kirovski's shot was blocked by Rimando, but Saunders followed by stopping the effort of Salt Lake captain Kyle Beckerman before Donovan blazed over the crossbar to leave the score 5-4. Galaxy came into the game as  favorites, but flattered to deceive as it was revealed Beckham had played with an injured right ankle. "We all want to win titles and personally I'd love to be successful but I think we have been successful this year without winning tonight," Beckham told reporters after the game. "We have quietened a few people along the way which is always nice but we couldn't finish it off. "I wouldn't say it's tougher to lose on penalties but it's Russian roulette, that's just the way it is. It's not a nice way to lose. "The people that step up are brave enough to step up and if you score, great and if you miss it's hard to take, but it just wasn't our night," Beckham added. Beckham is due to return to AC Milan in January for another loan spell as he bids to secure a place in England's World Cup squad for next year's finals in South Africa. The English midfielder's future in the U.S. had appeared in doubt earlier in the season when his commitment was called into question following a loan spell with the Italian club during which he had indicated an apparent desire to continue playing in Italy. Beckham had earlier said that playing in Sunday's final ranked alongside winning the Primera Liga title with Real Madrid in 2003 and a trophy-laden spell at Manchester United that included six English Premier League titles and the 1999 Champions League crown. "Anytime you reach a certain part of the season, whether it's being in a cup final or winning leagues, it's always special," Beckham said. "Being involved in finals never gets old."
Napa Valley, California (CNN) -- It is the quintessential Napa Valley experience.|||Passengers aboard sleek antique rail cars pay more than $100 for a four-course meal, not including the wine. A recent lunch aboard the train included steak, lobster cakes and local greens. During their three-hour journey winding through Napa Valley, passengers can choose from more than 100 wines to complement their meal. The Napa Valley Wine Train has been shuttling passengers through one of the country's most famous valleys for more than two decades, but now it's under fire because of Republican Sens. Tom Coburn and John McCain. They ranked the wine train as No. 11 on their list of the 100 most "wasteful" and "silly" stimulus projects, leading some to call it the Stimulus Waste Express. When Melodie Hilton, who handles public relations for the wine train, learned about that nickname, she was less than pleased. Hilton said the report temporarily affected business. She said through a smile, "it's never fun to wake up and find that you're an object of national scorn." But CNN found that scorn undeserved. In fact, CNN confirmed that not a single stimulus dollar is being spent on the wine train itself. The stimulus money is really being used for a massive flood-control project for the valley. The train's tracks happen to be in the way, so they have to be moved. It is a simple fix, but it's not cheap.   To make it happen, $54 million is being used to build a flood wall at the wine train depot, elevate the tracks and move them 33 feet, and raise four bridges. How did the wine train end up on the list of wasteful projects? "The person who did the research for the senators didn't do a thorough job," Hilton said, "and I think if they did a thorough job, we wouldn't have been on the list at all." Barry Martin is the spokesman for the Napa River Flood Control Project. He called the senators' report "deliberate deception" and a way to score "political points." Martin says this is not a "frivolous project" or a waste of stimulus dollars. "This is perfectly fitting into what stimulus is intended to do. People are on the job working today who might not be otherwise," Martin said.   Coburn's spokesman said the whole project is a "misplaced priority." He also criticized it for being a "no-bid" project, meaning only one contractor was considered.  Just how many people are employed on the project is ambiguous. Martin says that at least 600 jobs have been created for the whole thing. And those people, he says, will stay on the job two to three years. The Army Corps of Engineers, which is overseeing the flood control initiative, said that every $1 million spent creates about 20 jobs but said it didn't have an exact figure of jobs for the project. And the contractor, Suulutaaq, had reported just 12 jobs created to the White House. A spokeswoman said the company expects that 200 people will be employed over the life of the project. Regardless, the goal is to prevent Napa from flooding every few years, as it does now. In 1986, a flood cost the city $100 million. In 2005, flood damage hit $115 million. Hilton, who has lived through the floods in Napa Valley and recalls neighborhoods under feet of water, wrote a letter to McCain: "Since you have thrown down the gauntlet, and made accusations, I would like to demand satisfaction! ... Talk to the officials behind this project; learn what is really going on. It is your right and your responsibility." "We all have the same goal," she later said. "Nobody appreciates waste. If he came out and explored this, I don't think this would have been on the list." CNN's Susan Chun contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo, who is fighting to keep a political title the United Nations says isn't his, on Monday nationalized the nation's two main cash crops, coffee and cocoa, according to state-run television.|||In a statement read on air, the government announced that "the purchase of coffee and cocoa from producers and producer groups is done exclusively by the State on the entire national territory." "The export of products of the coffee-cocoa sector is carried out by the State, by any legal person mandated by the State or holder of an exporter license," the government announced. "Approved exporters get their cocoa beans and green coffee from the State or any legal person mandated by the State." The Ivory Coast is the world's largest supplier of cocoa beans. Gbagbo, the incumbent, has refused to give up power since an electoral commission declared challenger Alassane Ouattara the winner of the November presidential election. Gbagbo's refusal to step down has sparked violent clashes between supporters of the two rivals, resulting in the deaths of 365 people since December. Ouattara's "New Forces" loyalists claimed on the group's website to have taken the west Ivory Coast city of Toulepleu after intense fighting with Gbagbo forces on Sunday. Gbagbo's ability to maintain control over the nation's coffee and cocoa industry could be key to his staying in power. Coffee and cocoa experts have provided the embattled leader with a lucrative revenue source to pay loyal civil servants and military officers. In January, Ouattara called for a ban on cocoa and coffee exports in an effort to shut down that revenue stream and force Gbagbo out of office.
(CNN) -- Police have arrested 27 people in Singapore after a riot that erupted on Sunday after a foreign worker died in a traffic accident.|||A crowd of more than 400 people hurled objects and set fire to vehicles in Singapore's Little India district on Sunday evening after a 33-year-old Indian man was run over by a private bus while crossing the road, the Singapore Police Force said in a statement. At least 18 people -- including 10 police officers, as well as the bus driver and conductor -- were injured in the riot, which was the first major outbreak of violence in the country for more than 40 years. It took some 300 police and special defense forces to bring the violence under control, according to Police Commissioner Ng Joo Hee. Eyewitness: "This doesn't really happen in Singapore" Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong described the riot as a "very grave incident." "Whatever events may have sparked the rioting, there is no excuse for such violent, destructive, and criminal behavior," he said in a statement released on his official Facebook page. "We will spare no effort to identify the culprits and deal with them with the full force of the law," Lee said. Debts and dreams: Singapore's migrant workers. Videos posted online appear to show men smashing the windscreen of the bus involved in the fatal accident. In other footage, black smoke is seen billowing from an overturned police car. The mob reportedly attacked rescue crews as they attempted to reach the Indian worker's body, which was trapped under the bus, according to the Straits Times. Migrant workers -- mainly from India and Bangladesh -- are known to gather in Little India on Sundays, which is typically their day off. Singapore has strict laws on public assembly and rioting on this scale has not been seen since 1969, when clashes between Chinese and Malay residents left 36 people dead and another 556 injured. If convicted, the 27 men arrested in connection with Sunday's violence face up to seven years in prison and caning. Police said the intersection where the accident occurred, had reopened on Monday morning.
(CNN) -- Yemeni commando forces from elite units are conducting simultaneous raids on al Qaeda hideouts and cells on the outskirts of the capital, Sanaa, a Yemeni government official told CNN on Friday.|||The raids are part of recent operations to crack down on al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, considered the most dangerous wing of the global terror group, and represents the most intense campaign against it since 2012, the official said. Yemeni military brigades are also besieging areas around Abyan, Shabwa and Baida provinces, slowly attempting to form a security perimeter around those areas by cutting off main roads and supply routes, according to the official. The official did not provide information about whether another ground operation involving commandos and infantry troops in those areas was imminent. A crackdown began last weekend, resulting in the deaths of more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen from April 19-21, Yemeni officials have said. The offensive included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes, a high-level Yemeni government official said. U.S. special operations troops helped during that offensive, in part by flying Yemeni forces to a remote, mountainous spot in southern Yemen, though no Americans took part in combat, a U.S. official said. DNA tests are being conducted to determine if one of the most well-known members of that group -- bomb-maker Ibrahim al-Asiri -- is among the dead, according to Yemeni officials. One of the sites targeted is in the same area where scores of al Qaeda followers had gathered recently to hear from Nasir al-Wuhayshi, the head of the terrorist network's Yemeni branch and the global organization's "crown prince," the high-level Yemeni official said. A video of that meeting appeared on jihadist websites. In the middle of that video, al-Wuhayshi, appears brazenly in the open, greeting followers in Yemen. One reason why Yemen and the United States partnered in the offensive: Threats from al Qaeda operatives in Yemen increased in recent weeks, U.S. officials told CNN. U.S. authorities blame the Yemen-based branch of al Qaeda for a string of plots against Americans, including the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner with a bomb concealed in an operative's underwear in 2009. It is also suspected of being behind another plot involving printer bombs on U.S.-bound cargo jets. Did Yemen, U.S. kill al Qaeda's chief bomb maker? CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Arab League finance ministers recommended Saturday that economic sanctions be levied against the Syrian government for its part in a bloody, months-long crackdown on civilian demonstrators, a senior Arab League official told CNN.|||State-run Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) called the move an "unprecedented procedure (that) contradicts the rules of the economic and trade cooperation among the Arab countries and targets the Syrian people." Arab League foreign ministers from the regional alliance will meet at 11 a.m. Sunday in Cairo (4 a.m. ET) to consider whether to adopt the proposal, the league official said. Damascus had failed to respond to a Friday deadline for it to allow Arab League observers into the Middle Eastern country to monitor the government's response to civil unrest. "The Syrians responded with more requests to amendments to the protocol; they did not reject or accept," a senior Arab League diplomat said. The slate of sanctions proposed Saturday in Cairo -- which were opposed by Algeria and Iraq -- include barring any private or commercial airlines from the league's 22 member states from flying into or out of Syria. In addition, all assets belonging to the Syrian government and its officials would be frozen so they couldn't be accessed, and Syrian officials would not be allowed to visit Arab League countries. Pictures on SANA's website on Saturday showed people packed in the city of Lattakia, reportedly to decry "the Arab League decisions and foreign interference in the Syrian internal affairs." Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has said Syria risked international isolation if it continued along its present path -- adding that the reported violent crackdown on pro-democracy protests could not be tolerated. "Syria has to make a decision," he said in Istanbul alongside his Italian counterpart, Giulio Terzi. "It will either continue this crackdown policy against its people and become isolated more and more, or it will say yes to this well-intentioned Arab League proposal, sign this protocol and observers will monitor the situation on the ground by going to all Syrian cities." Meanwhile, more violence was reported in Syria on Saturday, with the activist group Local Coordination Committees of Syria claiming that at least 29 civilians -- among them, four children -- had been killed. Twenty-two deaths occurred in Homs, as "big military reinforcements" equipped with eight troop carriers and four tanks allegedly reached the city. In addition, three were reported killed in Hama, two in Deir Ezzor, and one each in the Damascus suburbs of Kanaker and Idlib, said the group, which organizes and documents anti-government protests. State-run SANA, meanwhile, reported that 25 army and security force members were buried Saturday. "The martyrs were killed in the line of duty by the armed terrorist groups in the governorates of Damascus Countryside, Homs and Hama," that report said. "The families of the martyrs expressed pride in their son's martyrdom, ... stressing that Syria will remain steadfast in the face of the conspiracy which targets its unity and stability. They said that the Syrian people will overcome this ordeal through national unity, and that the blood of the martyrs will protect Syria and make it stronger in the face of challenges." CNN cannot independently verify reports from either side, since Syria's government has limited access to international news organizations. Since March, protesters in cities across the country have been demanding President Bashar al-Assad's ouster and democratic elections. The United Nations estimated earlier this month that more than 3,500 Syrians have died in the subsequent government crackdown, said Ravina Shamdasani, a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights. Al-Assad's government has consistently blamed armed gangs for the violence. Adding to the pressure on Damascus, the United Nations Committee Against Torture said Friday it is "deeply concerned about gross and pervasive human rights violations in Syria," which are allegedly taking place "in a context of impunity." "Of particular concern are reports referring to children who have suffered torture and mutilation while detained; as well as cases of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions; arbitrary detention by police forces and the military; and enforced and involuntary disappearances," said Claudio Grossman, who heads the expert panel. Reliable sources indicate the abuses "are allegedly conducted under direct orders from public authorities, at their instigation or with their consent or acquiescence," Grossman said. The committee has asked Syria to provide a special report by early March indicating that it is abiding by its obligations under the U.N. Convention against Torture, to which Syria is a signatory. Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Massachusetts woman was found guilty Wednesday in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend, whom she bludgeoned and strangled before cutting the baby from the victim's womb.|||Julie Corey, who was 35 at the time of the crime, was convicted in Worcester Superior Court in the 2009 slaying of Darlene Haynes, 23, in Worcester. Corey is to to be sentenced on Tuesday and faces a maximum sentence of life without parole, prosecutors said. As the verdict was read, Corey cried and placed her hands over her face. Haynes' body was found in her apartment on July 27, 2009. She was eight months pregnant at the time of her death. Days after the murder, Haynes' baby was found with Corey in New Hampshire. DNA evidence and a fingerprint on a bottle at the crime scene tied Corey to the killing, the district attorney's office said. According to trial testimony, Corey tried to pass the baby off as her own to family and friends, the statement said. The child now lives with her father, the statement said. "It's probably the most horrific case this office has seen," Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. said. "This woman was killed for her baby." Corey's lawyers argued that police failed to follow up on leads, including Haynes' ex-boyfriend. They suggested that the ex-boyfriend had given the baby to Corey and her former boyfriend, Alex Dion, according to CNN affiliate WCVB. Dion denied this in court testimony. Calls to Corey's attorney were not returned. At the time, Worcester police said Haynes told people she gave birth at an undisclosed Massachusetts hospital. "When the woman (Corey) appeared with the newborn baby girl in Worcester ... the suspicions of a number of this woman's acquaintances were piqued," police said. "In the aftermath of the discovery of Ms. Haynes' body and the information that her fetus was missing was reported in the media, several of these acquaintances advised detectives of their suspicions."
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A bomb attached to a car carrying an Iraqi army general exploded Saturday afternoon, killing the driver and wounding the general and a bystander, an Interior Ministry official said.|||U.S. soldiers patrol the streets of Baghdad's central district on Saturday. The official said Gen. Abdul Karim Jabbar was seriously wounded when the bomb went off  between al-Firdous Square and al-Andalus Square. The U.S. military refers to bombs attached to civilian vehicles without the driver's knowledge as "sticky bombs." Separately, a civilian was killed and five were wounded in afternoon clashes between gunmen and Iraqi National Police in the al-Shaab neighborhood of northeastern Baghdad, the ministry official said. In the same neighborhood, a roadside bomb exploded at an Iraqi army checkpoint Baghdad, killing a child, the Interior Ministry official said. The blast also wounded four Iraqi soldiers. Also Saturday, two Iraqi soldiers were killed and another was wounded when a roadside bomb struck an Iraqi army patrol on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad.
NEWPORT NEWS, Virginia (CNN) -- A federal bankruptcy judge has denied the Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan presented by suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick.|||Football player Michael Vick listens as his lawyers make the case for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Frank Santoro urged Vick, 28, to offer the Eastern District of Virginia Bankruptcy Court another plan for emerging from bankruptcy. "Put together a plan that's doable," Santoro said. "This plan does not work." Santoro said the plan called for Vick to come up with $750,000 to $1 million in "good, hard cash" to be paid to creditors on the day it would go into effect, but he saw no evidence that Vick could come up with that much money. "Your plan puts you below zero," Santoro told Vick. He suggested Vick liquidate some of his assets, including two houses and three cars, which Vick said he was going to keep in the rejected proposal. Vick tried to sell one of his mansions in the upscale Sugarloaf Country Club Community in Georgia earlier this month. The home was up on the auction block, but no one submitted the minimum $3.2 million bid. Vick is scheduled to return Monday to the federal penitentiary in Leavenworth, Kansas, but his lawyers said they need him in Virginia to help devise another plan. The judge's ruling comes a day after Vick's lawyer said the suspended quarterback will go to work for a construction company in Newport News, Virginia, after he leaves federal prison for bankrolling a dogfighting operation. The details emerged in a Chapter 11 confirmation hearing in Virginia Eastern Bankruptcy Court to determine how Vick, 28, will work his way out of bankruptcy. Vick's 23-month sentence ends in July, but he is expected to be released from the federal penitentiary in Leavenworth, Kansas, in May and serve the remainder of his sentence in home confinement, most likely in Virginia. He is a native of Newport News. The sports agent who landed Vick's landmark 10-year, $140 million contract with the Atlanta Falcons also testified that he expects Vick will be back in the game as soon as September -- if the National Football League reinstates him. Vick is in great shape and could once again command millions of dollars if he returns to football, Joel Segal told the court. The decision to reinstate Vick rests with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, with whom Segal said he had consulted. Vick was suspended from the NFL after his conviction but remains under contract with the Falcons, Segal said, though he does not expect the Falcons to retain Vick's rights if he is reinstated. Vick and many of his creditors are depending on a return to football as his main source of income. But Segal admitted that he has no way of knowing whether Vick will be reinstated, because the decision lies with Goodell. In the meantime, Vick is ready to "get back in the community in a positive light" and demonstrate remorse for his actions, Segal said. He has agreed to participate in a documentary about him that will net him $600,000, Segal said. He will also work 40 hours a week for W.M. Jordan, a construction company based in Newport News. The employment is not part of the official 61-page agreement tentatively worked out between's Vick's lawyers and numerous creditors. CNN's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Superstar DJ Avicii canceled his Ultra Festival performance this weekend to undergo gall bladder surgery.|||The Swedish artist behind the hit song "Wake Me Up" was scheduled to perform in Miami on Saturday, but was hospitalized with severe abdominal pains. "I woke up on Wednesday morning with serious pain, but I flew to Miami anyway, hoping that it would go away," he said in a statement Friday. "The pain was still there when I landed, so I went straight to hospital. I was treated and left later that night." Doctors scheduled surgery Saturday to remove his gall bladder after the pain returned. He described it as a routine procedure, and said he expects to be back on his feet for his "True Tour," which starts next month. The artist, whose real name is Tim Bergling, became an international star as a DJ and producer in electronic dance. His other hit songs include "Levels," which was nominated for a Grammy for Best Dance Recording last year.
(CNN) -- Snapchat, the app that sends automatically-deleting messages, has proven to be hugely popular among teens and young adults, but until now, it restricted anyone under the age of 13 from using it.|||On Saturday, Snapchat decided to change their policy by introducing an update that lets younger users register for a more limited version of the app, which the startup has dubbed SnapKidz. SEE ALSO: This College Student Is the King of Snapchat PR. "Instead they are able to use 'SnapKidz' a version of Snapchat that includes an interface for taking snaps, captioning, drawing, and saving them locally on the device, but does not support sending or receiving snaps or adding friends," the company wrote in a blog post. In essence, SnapKidz is just a photo and drawing app for kids, which lacks Snapchat's main feature: sending messages. The kid-friendly option is currently only available as part of an update to the iOS app, but may roll out to Android in the future. The move comes as Snapchat is reportedly looking to raise a big new round of funding. By introducing a more PG-version of the app for younger users, Snapchat may be able to boost its user numbers and change the perception that it is simply a tool for sexting. Of course, users can also lie about their age and continue using the app's full features. Do you think Snapchat will find success among younger users? Share your thoughts in the comments below. This article originally appeared on Mashable. © 2013 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
The quest for peace in Syria is now crippled with setbacks, as a U.N. observer mission has suspended operations and attempts to rescue civilians trapped amid violence have proved futile.|||At least 71 people were killed Monday, the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The dead included "entire families trapped under rubble" when regime forces shelled the city of Douma, according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria. "Nobody can rescue the victims because of the continuous shelling," the LCC said. Government forces also shelled the southern town of Tafas after more than 80 tanks entered the town, killing three people, the LCC said. It accused "security forces and thugs" of using children in Tafas as human shields on their tanks to prevent possible attacks by the opposition Free Syrian Army. Also Monday, the Standard Club, a British marine insurer, said that it had stopped coverage for Russian operator Femco's cargo ship, MV Alaed, amid allegations that it is carrying weapons to the Syrian government. U.S. officials have said the ship is carrying attack helicopters and munitions from the port of Kaliningrad. Increased violence in Syria in recent days so exacerbated the already risky situation faced by the approximately 300 unarmed monitors that the United Nations announced Saturday it was suspending the operation. The LCC issued a statement saying the decision "represents a failure of ... the international community to effectively and responsibly deal with the situation in Syria." Officials from the Syrian National Council said the suspension indicated it was time for world leaders to take more severe steps. "We say that all options are there and must be put on the table," said Abdul Basit Sieda, the group's leader. "This regime only understands the language of violence and force." In Washington, Sen. John McCain called Monday for just that. "The Syrian opposition needs to know that the United States stands with them and that we are willing to take risks to support them when they need it the most," the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee told an audience at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank. "Inaction denies us the opportunity to have influence with forces in Syria who will one day inherit the country, ceding that to foreign states that may not always share our values." McCain took aim at what he said is the Obama administration's toothless policy of calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step aside. "To say they are leading from behind is too generous," he said. "That suggests they are leading. They are just behind." The Republican senator from Arizona accused the administration, "in its desperation," of appearing to place its hopes on persuading the Russian government to push al-Assad from power. President Barack Obama met with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday at the G-20 meeting in Los Cabos, Mexico. Afterward, the two leaders issued a statement calling for "an immediate cessation of all violence" and expressing support for efforts by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy Kofi Annan to broker a peace deal. That elicited derision from McCain. "It was the kind of statement that you usually hear when there's no concrete agreement," he told CNN. "Also, it's a little weird, Orwellian, to consider their statement supporting Kofi Annan's initiative." McCain described the Annan plan as "a total failure." In his speech, McCain said any military aid should not include U.S. ground forces, but should include other military might from the United States and its allies, such as European and other Arab countries. McCain rejected characterizations of the current state of affairs inside Syria as a civil war. "It's not a civil war because all the military strength is on one side, and not the other," he said. "At least we ought to give them a chance to have a fair fight." The suspension of the monitoring mission is a major blow to Annan's peace plan, which had become a symbol of hope for a country torn by relentless attacks during the 15-month uprising. The Syrian government has blamed the violence on "armed terrorist groups," the vaguely defined entities it has consistently blamed over the past year. Syrian opposition groups say more than 13,000 people have been killed since al-Assad's government started cracking down on anti-government protesters last year. The United Nations' latest estimate puts the death toll at more than 10,000. CNN cannot independently verify government and opposition claims of casualties because the Syrian government has restricted access by international journalists.
Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- One man died and another was injured after they set themselves on fire Tuesday in Egypt, the latest in a string of self-immolations in restive North Africa, officials told CNN.|||Ahmed Hashem Sayed set himself on fire in Alexandria and died from his burns, said Dr. Salama Abdel-Menem, Alexandria's health director. Local media reports that Sayed was unemployed. Mohammed Farouq Mohammed, a lawyer, set himself ablaze in Cairo, but is now in stable condition with 5% of his body burned. Dr. Mohameed Yousuf, head of Cairo's Mouneiriya hospital, said the victim will be leaving the hospital within days. Mohammed burned himself in front of the parliament building because his ex-wife refused to allow him to see his daughters, a security source and a medical source at the hospital told CNN. The popular protests in Tunisia that have caused upheaval in the government were sparked by Mohamed Bouazizi, a 26-year-old unemployed college graduate, setting himself on fire in protest. He later died. Now, reports are coming in from other countries in the region -- including Algeria and Mauritania -- that other people are turning to self-immolation, even though it is too soon to know how many of the incidents were sparked by political and social grievances. The Cairo-based Al-Azhar mosque and university, the most respected Sunni Muslim institution in the world, addressed the issue on Tuesday. Spokesman Mohammed Refaa Tahtawi said, "Islam clearly and broadly forbids committing suicides for any reason and does not permit its followers to kill oneself as an expression of discontent, protest or anger." In an interview with Egyptian's state-run MENA agency, Tahtawi said al-Azhar doesn't comment on specific cases of people who torch themselves "because they may be suffering from a mental or psychological condition that forced them to do so, therefore we cannot judge them and we pray for God to forgive them." Abdo Abelmonem Gafr, a baker from a town outside Cairo, set himself on fire outside the parliament building on Monday, an Interior Ministry official said. Gafr has burns to his face but is alive and not badly hurt, ministry spokesman Alla Mahmood said. In Algeria, security officials said Sunday that three people set themselves on fire. Riots and demonstrations have erupted in Algeria in recent days. News reports out of Mauritania say a man set himself on fire Monday in front of the presidential palace. The reports identify the man as Yacoub Dahoud, who posted a Facebook message praising Bouazizi and vowing, "We will never forget you." Mauritanian media said Dahoud started a Facebook group called "Stop the corruption and tyranny in Mauritania." In a statement on the page, Dahoud wrote, "Isn't it the time for the Mauritanian people to choose their freedom?" Blake Hounshell of the foreignpolicy.com blog, wrote on Monday that the attempts are a "shocking, desperate tactic that instantly attracts attention, revulsion, but also sympathy." Bouazizi had set himself ablaze outside a government building in the Tunisian town of Sidi Bouzid after police confiscated his fruit cart, saying he was selling without a permit, according to Amnesty International. The cart was his only means of income. Buddhist monks famously took to self-immolation in protest against the Vietnam War. "Of all the dramatic photographs to come out of the Vietnam War, the first to shock the world was of a Buddhist monk in flames," journalist Tim Larimer wrote for Time magazine in 1999. At Beijing's Tiananmen Square in 2001, five people lit themselves on fire in front of a CNN crew. One died. A police report identified them as members of the banned Falun Gong movement. But Falun Gong denied any connection to that incident, saying what transpired had "nothing to do with Falun Gong practitioners." CNN's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- Over 28,000 Liverpool fans marked the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster in a special memorial service at Anfield on Wednesday.|||Liverpool supporters at the Kop end paid their respects in an emotional afternoon at Anfield. A total of 96 supporters died on April 15, 1989 before the FA Cup semifinal between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Sheffield Wednesday's stadium, the worst-ever tragedy in English sporting history. To commemorate the anniversary, the city of Liverpool came to a standstill at 3.06 pm (1406 GMT) with the bells of the two cathedrals and its civic buildings ringing out in memory of those fans who lost their lives. On Anfield's famous Kop, 96 candles were lit while commemorations took place at Hillsborough and also in Nottingham. Members of the current Liverpool team stood somberly as hymns were played before a roll call of the dead was read out. Club legend Kenny Dalglish, who was Liverpool manager at the time of the disaster, then read a short prayer. The mayor of Liverpool, Steve Rotherham, who was at the game 20 years ago, helped organize the emotional memorial. "Hillsborough affected so many lives, not just on Merseyside but across the whole of the UK," he said. "I attended the match 20 years ago and the passing years do not diminish the importance and the poignancy of this occasion." Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard, whose 10-year-old cousin Jon-Paul Gilhooley was the youngest victim of the tragedy, spoke of his feelings this week. "Time has gone by, but the scars will never ever be healed and the fans will never ever forget. So you can always rely on our supporters to be there for you when you need them." The Liverpool fans died in a crush which started just before the kick-off as the gate at the Leppings Lane End was opened with terrible consequences. The match started but when the scale of the tragedy became clear, it was swiftly abandoned at 3.06 pm. In the immediate aftermath, the British government commissioned Lord Justice Taylor to conduct an inquiry which would have a far-reaching impact on football. Taylor was deeply critical of the police operation at Hillsborough, but his most significant recommendations were the removal of perimeter fencing and the creation of all-seater stadia. His report also cleared Liverpool fans of blame for the tragedy after lurid tabloid headlines provoked revulsion on Merseyside. Prime minister Gordon Brown paid reference to the controversy in an interview released on Liverpool's official television channel. "It was wrong for people to blame, as some did, Liverpool fans on that day," he said. "That's probably what matters most -- that people understood that the behavior of Liverpool fans in helping each other was magnificent. "Let's never forget the fans who cruelly lost their lives on a day when we know the people of Liverpool were trying to help each other," he added. However, the people of Liverpool are still angry and bitter at the lack of justice for those who died -- and that frustration surfaced when Andy Burnham, the   Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport took to the stand to address the crowd. As Burnham spoke, the crowd rose as one to sing "Justice for the 96". The Kop chant boomed around the stadium and Burnham, an Everton fan, was left in no doubt about the strength of feeling over the lack of accountability from officialdom over the tragedy. Fittingly, the ceremony was concluded with Gerry Marsden leading the fans in singing Liverpool anthem 'You'll Never Walk Alone'.
It's tricky business comparing the handful of smartwatches that been publicly unveiled so far -- an early wave in the growing flood of wearable tech products.|||The market is still defining what qualifies as a smartwatch, and the features available so far vary broadly from device to device. Samsung made the biggest splash so far Wednesday when it rolled out its Galaxy Gear, a souped-up watch with a simple camera, some decent storage space, voice controls and a single-core processor. But it lacks integration with Facebook and Twitter -- basic functions already adopted by some of its simpler competitors. And, if truth be told, some of the stars are still waiting in the wings. Apple, Google and Microsoft -- arguably the heftiest triumvirate in the tech world -- are all expected to hit the market soon with their own smartwatches. For now, here's a comparison of the leading connected wrist adornments for sale to tech fashionistas and early adopters. Expect this list to grow quickly as the weeks go on. Samsung Galaxy Gear. Display: 1.63 inches. Price: $299. Battery life: About one day. Compatibility: New Samsung Galaxy devices, eventually older ones. Connection: Bluetooth 4.0 LE. Camera: 1.9 megapixel camera, 720p video recording. Other: 4GB storage, 800 MHz single-core processor, gyroscope and accelerometer. Availability: Late September worldwide, early October in U.S. and Japan. Pebble. Display: 1.26 inches. Price: $150. Battery life: 7+ days (additional 10-15% on phone battery) Compatibility: iPhone 3GS, 4, 4S, 5 or any iPod Touch with iOS 5 or iOS 6. Android devices. Connection: Bluetooth 2.0, 4.0. Camera: No. Other: Accelerometer, magnetometer, water-resistant. Availability: For sale now. Motorola MotoActv. Display: 1.6 inches. Price: $149 for 8GB version. Battery life: 20 hours active indoors, 9 outside. Compatibility: Android phones. Connection: Bluetooth 1.5 or higher. Camera: No. Other: Optimized for exercise, it has GPS tracking, Google Maps integration, is water resistant. Availability: For sale now. Sony SmartWatch 2. Display: 1.6 inches. Price: $262. Battery life: 3-4 days. Compatibility: Most Android phones. Connection: NFC and Bluetooth 3.0. Camera: No. Other: Display that's readable in sunlight, hundreds of apps available. Availability: Available "soon" Qualcomm Toq. Display: 1.55 inches. Price: Around $300. Battery life: TBA. Compatibility: Android phones. Connection:  Bluetooth. Camera: No. Other: Mirasol display, similar to e-ink. Availability: In limited numbers in mid-October.
(CNN) -- When President Xi Jinping arrives in Seoul this week, the Chinese leader will have passed over North Korea in favor of its arch rival.|||Although Beijing remains North Korea's strongest ally, Xi is breaking with tradition by visiting South Korea first, rather than Pyongyang. "It's clearly a rebuff to Kim Jong Un," said David Kang, professor of international relations and business at the University of Southern California, referring to North Korea's leader. Xi is expected to be in South Korea for two days to discuss trade and regional security issues, including North Korea. Trade between the two countries surpassed $270 billion in 2013. And China remains South Korea's main trading partner. Since Xi and President Park took office in their respective countries last year, the two nations have solidified a steady relationship, with several political and economic shared interests. The two have expressed similar concerns about North Korea's nuclear ambitions in particular. Nuclear priority. Both China and South Korea pledged their commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula when the two heads of state met at a nuclear summit in the Netherlands in March. But this increasingly cozy relationship could be a concern for Pyongyang. On Wednesday morning, North Korea launched two short-range rockets off its east coast, according to South Korea. The secretive regime also fired "projectiles" into waters off its coast on Sunday and on June 26, prompting speculation about whether North Korea was expressing displeasure with the upcoming meeting between Xi and Park. A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said he didn't see any connection with the launches and Xi's upcoming visit, according to Yonhap, South Korea's semi-official news agency. With closer ties between South Korea and China, "North Korea is worried it can be isolated in northeast Asia," said Kim Hankwon, director of the Center for Regional Studies at the Asan Institute for Policy Studies in Seoul. North Korea has begun talks with Japan and struck economic deals with Russia which could indicate that Kim Jong Un is trying to "reduce dependency on China," he added. Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions have tested China's patience at times. "Most North Korean provocations hurt China's military and security interests," said Kim. "The U.S. has increased its military and security influence over northeast Asia -- their rationale was North Korea's nuclear threats." This has brought more U.S. involvement in east Asia, much to China's chagrin. Despite Beijing's disagreements with North Korea, there may not be much change in their decades-long alliance, Kim added. "China is angry at North Korea's military provocation. That does not mean that China has changed its strategy towards North Korea." Beijing tries to strike a balanced relationship with the Koreas, talking to the South about economic issues and the North about political topics," Kim said. Common ground. Apart from the issue of North Korea, China and South Korea have bonded through their distrust of Japan. "China and South Korea share a number of issues concerning Japan including the comfort women, and the announcement of [Japan's Prime Minister] Abe reinterpreting the constitution," said Kang, director of Korean Studies Institute at USC. On Tuesday, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe confirmed the "reinterpretation" of the country's pacifist postwar constitution, which will allow the Japanese military to assist in conflicts overseas. Both China and South Korea issued predictably chilly responses to the announcement. The two countries bitterly disagree with the way Japan has addressed its military past, especially over the issue of so-called comfort women, who were forced into sexual slavery by Japan's imperial forces before and during World War II. Both countries are also involved in territorial disputes with Japan over the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands and Dokdo/Takeshima islands. North Korea fires two short-range rockets into sea. North Korea proposes end to hostilities with South -- with conditions. Family of woman abducted by North Korea hopes talks will bring closure.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are in pole position to pocket the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup $10 million jackpot after finishing the third round tied for the lead at the season finale Tour Championship.|||The 27-year-old American and the world No. 1 are two of five players in the 29-strong field who can claim the $10 million prize for topping the FedEx Cup playoff series by winning the season's final event at Atlanta's East Lake Golf Club. McIlroy began the day two shots behind Horschel but a three-under par 67, compared to the American's 69, ensured the Northern Irishman drew level at nine-under par after 54 holes. After Friday's heroics, where McIlroy fired a tee shot into a spectator's trouser pocket on his way to a five-under 65, Saturday was shaping up to be equally eventful. A birdie, bogey, birdie start hinted at another day of high drama and low scoring before things settled down with a run of five pars. That sequence was broken with a birdie at the ninth followed by a bogey at 10 before an eagle three at the par five 15th saw McIlroy finally reel in his playing partner. "I haven't really played the par fives well all week ... it was a big turning point as it tied me for the lead," McIlroy told Sky Sports. An errant tee shot at the par three 18th threatened to take the gloss off another polished display, but the ever-assured McIlroy made a tricky up-and-down from thick, greenside rough look simple. "I've felt a little weary and in no way have I played my best golf, but I'm tied for the lead and I can't ask for any more," McIlroy said. Earlier, three front-nine birdies had seen Horschel extend his overnight lead to three shots but two bogeys at 10 and 13, coupled with McIlroy's eagle, saw his advantage disappear. Jim Furyk is by no means out of contention to win the tournament after a 67 left him two shots adrift of the joint-leaders while Ricky Fowler, England's Justin Rose and Australia's Jason Day are all one shot further back on six under. Of the remaining three players who can claim the FedEx jackpot with a win on Sunday no matter where other players finish, Chris Kirk, joint-leader with Horschel after round one, is in closest contention. The Atlanta native is five under after three rounds while Bubba Watson is three-under par. Hunter Mahan, however, will not be banking a $10m check come Monday morning -- the 32-year-old is seven-over par for his three rounds. Read more: Horschel chooses golf over baby's birth.
Berlin (CNN) -- It happens more often than you might think: Streets cordoned off and bomb disposal experts called in to deal with unexploded bombs that were dropped on Germany nearly 70 years ago.|||Commuters in Berlin Wednesday were the latest to suffer the inconvenience of dealing with ordnance dating back to World War II. This time the culprit was a Russian-made aerial bomb weighing in at 100 kilograms (220 pounds), unearthed just two meters away from a train track leading into the city's main train station. Nearly 840 people were evacuated from the central Berlin area, police said, before bomb disposal experts moved in to defuse the device. About 25 minutes after they started their delicate task, the mechanical fuse was unscrewed and the bomb was disabled. Alert over, Berliners could return home and go back to their everyday business. A member of the bomb disposal team told CNN the bomb could have blown a crater 3 to 4 meters wide and 3 meters (10 feet) deep, had it gone off. The device was discovered by Heidestrasse, a lightly populated street with an industrial feel in the former "no man's land" between East Berlin and West Berlin. "They do risk a lot, but they have a lot of experience," Berlin police spokesman Jens Berger told CNN as the bomb disposal team set to work. "Here in Berlin it is a fact of daily life to defuse bombs, but without question they are risking a lot." Wednesday's operation was made more complicated because there was a depot for freight trains on one side of the site and houses on the other, Berger said. The device was found Tuesday afternoon by a bomb disposal team that was checking out a construction site near the Hauptbahnhof, the central station. Roads were closed in the area overnight as the experts assessed the best way to deal with the device. Some train services were delayed Wednesday, said Holger Auferkamp, spokesman for national railway operator Deutsche Bahn, but Berlin's metro system, or S-Bahn, was not affected. It may seem surprising that unexploded bombs remain undiscovered in Berlin and other German cities decades after World War II ended. But so many were dropped by Allied forces during the war that finding them all will still take years. From the archives: WWII bombs defused, allowing 45,000 evacuated residents to return. Their presence is sufficiently common that private bomb disposal teams are contracted by German railway operator Deutsche Bahn and other companies to check that sites are safe when building works are planned. Some bigger devices have been found elsewhere. A 250-kilogram (550-pound) bomb discovered in central Munich last August had to be detonated where it lay because the fuse was unstable. The explosion damaged nearby buildings. In 2011, 45,000 residents were evacuated from the city of Koblenz, situated on the Rhine and Moselle rivers, as bomb squads dealt with two bombs and a military fog-producing device that were dropped by American and British warplanes in the last years of the war. One was a 1.8-metric ton British air bomb that could have wiped out the city center, according to the local fire brigade. They were exposed 65 years after being dropped when water levels in the Rhine River fell to record lows, prompting what officials said was the biggest evacuation since the war's end. Sometimes the bombs can have a more deadly impact. Three members of a bomb-disposal squad were killed in 2010 when the device they were trying to defuse in the German town Gottingen went off. Unexploded munitions a dangerous legacy of war. CNN's Diana Magnay reported from Berlin and Stephanie Halasz from London, while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London.
New York (CNN) -- New York police arrested 50 protesters Saturday on what organizers from Occupy Wall Street were dubbing a day to "re-occupy," coinciding with the movement's three-month anniversary.|||Those arrested were charged with trespassing after they attempted to scale a fence belonging to a church in lower Manhattan, NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said. Browne added that the arrests "may have stymied plans to cut through the fence on multiple sides." The fence protected an area of Duarte Park that is owned by Trinity Church. Though supportive of the movement, the Rev. James H. Cooper, the rector of the church, said he does not believe setting up a tent city at Duarte Park enhances its mission or that of the protesters. "The vacant lot has no facilities to sustain a winter encampment," Cooper said in a statement Saturday. "In good conscience and faith, we strongly believe to do so would be wrong, unsafe, unhealthy, and potentially injurious." A spokesman for Occupy Wall Street expressed disappointment that the movement did not get more support from the church. "Churches have been supportive venues -- it is a shame that this came to this," Karanja Gacuca said. Protesters are looking for a new home after being evicted last month from the city's Zuccotti Park -- the movement's physical birthplace -- when a New York Supreme Court judge ruled that they could protest at the park, but not camp out. Upon hearing of the protesters' plan to set up camp at the church, officials from the Episcopal Church, which oversees Trinity, warned Friday that demonstrators would be subject to police and legal action should they attempt to trespass on the property. "In a country where all people can vote and Trinity's door to dialogue is open, it is not necessary to forcibly break into property," Archbishop Desmond Tutu said in a statement Friday. Gacuca said Saturday that protesters aren't "interested in seizing property -- we are interested in justice and expressing our frustrations." "The area we're talking about is empty and vacant. It is a tragedy because it is a waste of resource," he said. Earlier, Occupy Wall Street protesters gathered in Duarte Park for speeches and music. Protesters called Saturday "part of a call to re-occupy in the wake of the coordinated attacks and subsequent evictions of occupations across the nation and around the world," according to their website. It is unclear when the arrested protesters will be released. A smaller number of Occupy participants marched to Times Square on Saturday night.
(CNN) -- A judge issued bench warrants for the arrest of actor Randy Quaid and his wife, Evi, after the couple failed to appear for a court hearing in Santa Barbara, California, Monday morning, a court spokesman said.|||The Quaids were ordered to appear for a hearing on burglary charges filed last month after police were called to a Montecito, California, residence to investigate a report of squatters. According to a press release from the Santa Barbara Sheriff's department, a representative for the owner of the property came by the house to check the security alarm because it had gone off earlier that day, and then discovered that someone had been resting their head in the property's guest house. The Quaids weren't around at the time, but upon their return later that evening the couple told police that they have "owned the property since the 1990s." According to the statement, the owners had documentation that another buyer had purchased the property from the Quaids several years earlier. A contractor who worked on the residence told police he believes the couple caused more than $5,000 in damages in the guest house, and the Quaids were charged with residential burglary. The judge revoked their $50,000 bond when they failed to show up for Monday's hearing, the court spokesman said. Another hearing was set for next Tuesday. CNN's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report.
More than 150 people were arrested in a four-month nationwide roundup of alleged sellers and makers of synthetic drugs, substances that authorities say can be more dangerous than the drugs they mimic, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday.|||Federal, state and local agencies collaborated on the arrests, targeting drugs such as synthetic marijuana -- often sold online and labeled as incense to hide its purpose -- and hallucinogens and stimulants sold under the guise of "bath salts" or "plant food," the DEA said. Authorities seized hundreds of thousands of synthetic drug packages and more than $20 million in cash and assets in the 29-state, January-to-May roundup, which the DEA said was the second phase of an operation called Project Synergy. "Many who manufacture, distribute and sell these dangerous synthetic drugs found out first hand today that DEA will target, find and prosecute those who have committed these crimes," DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said, adding the agency was targeting those "who are all too willing to experiment on our children and young adults." Synthetic drugs are a wide range of chemical products with ever-changing -- and often dangerous -- ingredients. Synthetic marijuana, for example, can be plant material treated with psychoactive compounds that mimic marijuana's active ingredient. Authorities and researchers have said synthetic drugs are particularly dangerous because their ingredients can be particularly potent and haven't been tested for safety. Users of bath salts  sometimes have violent episodes, extreme paranoia and disorientation, the DEA says. In the roundup's first phase, authorities arrested more than 227 people from December 2012 to June 2013, the DEA said. What you need to know about synthetic drugs.
(CNN) -- African American Jesse Owens remains the most iconic Olympian of them all.|||Owens defied Hitler by winning four gold medals in Berlin in 1936. Although there have been more successful athletes in Olympic history, Owens' four gold medals at the Nazi-dominated 1936 Berlin Games earned him a unique place in the sporting hall of fame. Born James Cleveland Owens -- he was nicknamed Jesse by a school teacher -- he was the son of a sharecropper and grandson of slaves. Despite suffering from chronic bronchial problems as a child, he excelled as a high school athlete, and attracted national attention in May 1935 when, at a Big Ten athletics meet in Ann Arbor, Michigan, he set three world records and tied a fourth, all in the space of an hour. It was the Olympic Games of the following year, however, that secured Owens' place in popular mythology. Held in the German capital, Hitler had intended the Xlth Olympiad to stand as a testament to the racial superiority of white Aryan athletes, openly denigrating Afro-American performers as "non-humans." In one of the greatest sporting rebuffs of all time, Owens -- one of 18 black athletes on the U.S. team  -- duly won four gold medals in the 100 meters, 200 meters, long jump and 4x100 meters relay. His 100 meters time of 10.3 seconds equaled the Olympic record, while his performances in the 200 meters and long jump -- 20.7 seconds and 8.06 meters respectively -- set new world records. The 39.8 seconds recorded by U.S. 4x100 meters team also set a world record, one that stood for 20 years. Although the Nazi press was openly scathing, condemning the U.S. team's use of 'black auxiliaries', the German spectators recognized Owens' achievement and gave him a standing ovation. The first person to congratulate him after his long jump victory was German silver medallist Luz Long. "It took a lot of courage for him to befriend me in front of Hitler," Owens later commented. "You can melt down all the medals and cups I have and they wouldn't be a plating on the 24-carat friendship I felt for Long at that moment." Ticker-tape parade. Owens returned to the U.S. a hero. Despite that, he was unable to escape the racial prejudice and segregationism of his fellow countrymen. Although he received a New York ticker tape parade, he was forced to ride in a freight elevator to a reception in his honor at the Waldorf Astoria. "Although I wasn't invited to shake hands with Hitler," he said, "I wasn't invited to the White House to shake hands with the President, either." He failed to attract the endorsements and sponsorship deals enjoyed by white athletes, and was reduced to running exhibition races against dogs and horses to make ends meet. It was not until the 1950s, 20 years after his Berlin triumph, that he finally achieved a measure of financial security, opening a public relations firm and becoming a highly successful public speaker. In 1976 he received the Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor the U.S. can bestow, and in 1990, a decade after his death from lung cancer, President George Bush awarded him a posthumous Congressional Medal of Honor. In perhaps the most fitting memorial to his achievements, a street in Berlin was renamed in his honor in 1984.
(CNN) -- At some 7 billion people, the world can sometimes seem like a crowded place. But if the latest estimates are to be believed, then in less than a century it is going to feel even more so -- about 50% more crowded, in fact. Such dizzying numbers understandably raise an important question, one that we have been wrestling with at least since Thomas Malthus famously predicted that rising populations would create a food crunch: Can the world's supply of food continue to meet demand?|||World Food Day, being marked Thursday, seems as good a time as any to wrestle with this question. And for once, it looks like there is actually some good news in the fight against global hunger. But any attempt to fully understand the magnitude of the challenge -- and to formulate ways we can meet it -- should begin with five key numbers:. 805 million: The number of people who suffer from chronic hunger. While this number is down about 11% over the last decade, it still represents an unacceptable proportion of the world's population. 10.95 billion: How many people the United Nations thinks the world is going to have to support by the year 2100. This represents a significant upward revision from previous estimates that had pegged the human population as leveling off around 2050 at about 9.5 billion. Much of this new growth is occurring in sub-Saharan Africa, where family size remains high and mortality from HIV is down. 33: The percentage of the world's food that is wasted before it is consumed by a human being. In the Global South, this waste occurs thanks to inefficient processing and storage facilities. In the Global North, consumers and retailers are to blame. The United Nations estimates that global food waste costs $2.6 trillion annually. 2.512 billion: How many tons of food the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization expects the world's farmers to harvest this year. If this projection comes true, we will be within .50% of the world's most bountiful year on record. 2,868: The number of dietary calories available on our planet per person per day in 2011, the last year for which data is available. This number has actually been growing, suggesting that the amount of food produced per person has been steadily rising (in 1990 there were 2,619 dietary calories per person per day). This growth in productivity is especially remarkable considering that the Earth's population grew by about 2 billion people over this time. Most importantly, the number of calories per person per day tells us that there is enough food on the planet for us all. Of course, the first two numbers paint a sobering picture of the potential food security and sustainability challenges the world faces. And when we add in the uncertainties over climate change, then the task of planning and effectively implementing systems and policies that will ensure everyone in the future receives an adequate diet seems a daunting one. But the other figures tell a different story, and allow room for some optimism. Why? Because fundamentally, the data show us that we have enough food. We are not up against some irrefutable Malthusian monster. What's more, these numbers prove that hunger is a matter of public policy and everyday behavior and suggest that social collapse, widespread famine and destitution should never be seen as inevitable in a world that wastes one-third of its food. Ultimately, these five numbers tell us that hunger is a solvable problem. Yes, famines, droughts and food riots will be an increasing feature of the headlines in the decades ahead. But this should not distract from the underlying: The world can have a well-fed future, one where everyone has enough to eat.
The head of the opposition Free Syrian Army told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday he has intelligence showing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government is moving its chemical weapons out of the country.|||"Today, we have information that the regime began to move chemical materials and chemical weapons to Lebanon and to Iraq," Gen. Salim Idriss said from inside Syria. CNN could not independently verify Idriss' claim. Several senior Israeli officials told CNN's Elise Labott that they have not seen movements into Lebanon or Iraq, and that they did not believe it made sense for the Syrians to be moving weapons so soon. And Iraq categorically denied that chemical weapons had crossed into its territory, with an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki speculating "there is a political agency behind this claim." "We were the victims of chemical weapons under Saddam's regime," said the adviser, Ali al-Moussawi. "And we will never allow to let any country to transfer chemical materials to our lands at all." Still, if the allegation were true, it could fundamentally shift the assessments of U.S. intelligence officials, CNN's Barbara Starr reports. Namely, these officials have said that al-Assad would not disperse his stockpile of chemical weapons because he knows the United States would not bomb it, that Syrian security forces firmly control the weapons and that there exists a large, secure infrastructure that has been moving these arms from rebel-held areas. Moving these weapons into Iraq, Lebanon or some other country outside Syria might prompt U.S. intelligence authorities to question whether they were being transferred by a rogue element or whether it was evidence of a crack in the government's control. The Syrian opposition is afraid, Idriss told CNN's Amanpour, that al-Assad's forces will then use those weapons sometime in the future -- even after the international effort to collect and destroy its chemical weapons arsenal is finished. "The regime," he said, "is behaving like Saddam Hussein." Idriss said he talked Thursday about what's happening diplomatically with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who the rebel leader claimed told him "that he will discuss with the Russians how honest the regime is." "And if our friends discover that the regime is trying to play games and waste time," Idriss said by way of summarizing Kerry's remarks, "the threat of the strikes is still on the table." Earlier on Thursday, Idriss told NPR that he had not received "any weapons from our American friends," despite reports that lethal aid had indeed started reaching the Syrian opposition. That includes a U.S. official who told CNN on Wednesday that light and anti-tank weapons as well as ammunition -- paid for by the United States albeit made elsewhere -- had begun flowing to Syrian rebels over the past two weeks. Idriss told Amanpour that he "can't talk about weapons," though he did stress that opposition forces were getting help. "We are getting now a lot of support from our American friends, but I can't talk in detail about all kinds of the support," he said. For its part, the opposition will support efforts to take control of and eventually dismantle Syria's chemical weapons, with Idriss saying, "We will do our best to help them." But the rebel leader questioned that things will play out as hoped. "I think the regime will prevent them to go to the locations and to do their job," Idriss said. "I think the regime will tell them, 'Today you can't go out of the hotels because the situation is very dangerous, and tomorrow you can't go,' and they will delay and delay." And even if Idriss is proven wrong and Syria's chemical weapons are wiped out as part of this process, the rebel leader stressed that bigger issues remain in a civil war that the U.N. estimates has killed more than 100,000 people -- most of them by conventional weapons. "We have many, many problems with the regime," he said. "The chemical weapons (are) not ... the only problem that we have."
(CNN) -- After a year of national gridlock that ended on the precipice of a cliff, Donald Trump went nuclear.|||The man who called Barack Obama's re-election a travesty said Republicans could gain control of the budget showdown because they "are sitting there with a nuclear weapon": the specter of voting against a rise in the debt ceiling in the coming weeks. In other words, the GOP could get its way by again threatening to push the country into default. The remarkable thing here is not Trump's apocalyptic advice but that the man who still doesn't concede that the president was born in Hawaii draws attention no matter what he says. The colorful businessman has a knack for hijacking the media -- and he's hardly alone. Watch: Hey Fox, Hillary Clinton was sick after all. In fact, one of the most striking developments in recent years is how easy it is to carry out the hijacking. You don't need a weapon, nuclear or otherwise. You don't have to be a famous zillionaire to pull it off. In the Twitter age, almost anyone can capture the spotlight for 15 seconds. We're so easy. If it's new, novel or naughty, we are there. A critical mass of tweeters hijacked the presidential debates by turning Big Bird and "binders full of women" into trending topics. What, you thought what was most important was what the candidates said during those 90-minute face-offs? Nope, it's just as much about winning the post-game chatter. A single "oops" by Rick Perry enables the press to wipe out everything else that was said. Watch: Are critics being too harsh on Chelsea Clinton? Clint Eastwood, telling Obama (in the guise of an empty chair) to perform an anatomically impossible act? That hijacked Mitt Romney's convention. Eric Fehrnstrom inadvertently hijacked his boss' campaign when he compared Romney's election strategy to an Etch A Sketch. Nothing like a kid's toy to seize the attention of grown-up journalists. Any invocation of a celebrity has great hijacking potential, even if the story is a sprinkling of fairy dust. The political press recently surrendered to the notion that Ben Affleck might run for John Kerry's Senate seat in Massachusetts. This was based on nothing more than local chatter, amplified by Politico. Affleck shrewdly kept the door ajar -- such speculation helps in the gravitas department --but on Christmas Eve, he gave the press a lump of coal by admitting he wasn't running. Watch: Were the media swept away by fiscal cliff madness? Next the media got excited by the idea that Ted Kennedy Jr. would run for office -- until he quickly popped that trial balloon. Sometimes the hijacker wants no part of the limelight but is swept along for the ride. Paula Broadwell was embedded in the nation's consciousness for weeks after her affair with David Petraeus prompted his resignation as CIA director. And her romantic rival, Jill Kelley, became a captive as well. Racial tension can grab the media's attention like few other issues. There are more than 15,000 murders annually in the United States, but only a few move beyond local headlines. The killing of Trayvon Martin, initially overlooked even in Florida, became a national sensation once activists persuaded the media that race played a role in the teenager's shooting (a perception deepened by NBC's misleading editing of George Zimmerman's 911 call). Week after week of routine murders in cities such as Chicago barely register on the radar. WATCH: Forget the Fiscal Cliffâ€”Kim Kardashian Is Pregnant! Most journalists gravitate toward sensational and sexy stories (and I haven't been immune to the temptation) because we want the clicks and the ratings. And perhaps to alleviate our own boredom with the daily grunt work of reporting. The on-and-off negotiations over the fiscal cliff have been tedious and incremental. Along comes Trump and boom, you've got an easy headline. The problem with all this media hijacking goes beyond the strange twists and turns along the way. It's that we cede control of what's important. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz.
A suspected Islamic militant who was detained in Afghanistan in 2001, imprisoned at the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, but later acquitted at trial in Spain, is again facing a trial in Madrid on new charges.|||The suspect, Moroccan national Lahcen Ikassrien, has been indicted, along with 14 other suspected militants, on charges of recruiting and sending militants to help ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria. Investigating magistrate Pablo Ruz at Spain's National Court, which handles terrorism cases, issued the indictments on Tuesday, which were made public Thursday, and CNN viewed a copy. Ikassrien, who is in his late 40s, was arrested last June in Madrid, where he lives. He is the suspected "charismatic leader of the organization," and was "the determining factor" for recruits, providing them with "cover and international contacts," Judge Ruz wrote. The Madrid-based cell had contacts with militants in Syria, Egypt, Tunisia, Morocco, France and Belgium, the magistrate alleges in a 102-page indictment order, which sets the case for trial before a panel of judges. No trial date has been set. In 2003, a different judge at the National Court, in a separate indictment, repeatedly cited Ikassrien and said he had been recruited earlier to go to Afghanistan by a Syrian-born man, Imad Eddin Barakat Yarkas, who was later convicted of being al Qaeda's leader in Spain. After Ikassrien's capture in Afghanistan by U.S. forces in 2001, he was sent to Guantanamo, but then extradited to Spain in 2005. He was acquitted in 2006 of charges he was a member of a terrorist group. At trial he had argued that he was tortured while a prisoner at Guantanamo. In this case, Ikassrien and the 14 other defendants are charged with membership in a terrorist group. If convicted, they face up to 12 years in prison, the judge wrote. Spain's interior minister said earlier this year that about 50 militants have left Spain to assist ISIS, or ISIL, the extremist group that refers to itself as the Islamic State. Security officials have expressed particular concern about these or other Islamic militant fighters returning from combat zones to Spain and other Western countries, and potentially carrying out attacks.
(CNN) -- Football legend Diego Maradona had his earrings seized by Italian authorities Friday to help pay off his back taxes, according to media reports.|||Diego Maradona sports expensive-looking earrings during a recent football match. The current coach of Argentina's national team was staying at a clinic in northern Italy in a bid to lose weight when finance police swooped, Reuters.com reported. The jewelry was said to be worth €4,000 ($5,888). Italian tax authorities say he owes the country €31 million ($45 million) in back taxes from when he played for top league club Napoli between 1984 and 1991. But Maradona says the Serie A club should have paid the taxes. Three years ago, tax police took two Rolex watches from him when he was back in Italy for a benefit match. The 48-year old is under intense pressure in his native Argentina after a dismal World Cup qualifying campaign left his star-studded team in danger of missing their first tournament since 1970. After a recent defeat against Paraguay he was quoted by FIFA.com as saying, "I am not afraid of criticism. I am afraid of nobody. I am doing my job, I have my team and I am going to go forward.  "I have been battling critics since I was 15 years old. Now I am 48 and I am going to continue to battle with them [the press]."
Beijing, China (CNN) -- Jack's elder sister was returning from a holiday. Her connecting flight was through Kuala Lumpur on MH370. After news of the missing flight, Jack took leave from his job to come to Beijing in search of answers.|||He shows me the text he received from Malaysia Airlines on his smartphone Monday night. This is the infamous text announcing that "none of those on board survived." Jack scrolls down to the response he texted back in English, "F--- You", although he spelled out the word. The fight is under way. Grief has turned to action. Inside a Beijing hotel room, Jack and eight other passengers' relatives crowd around three laptops on a coffee table. They are discussing, downloading, organizing. What's the next move? There is purpose in the air. They've already protested in front of the Malaysian embassy in China. Now they've decided to share with the media their smartphone video of meetings with Malaysian officials. They have designated themselves the media committee. Eighteen days ago, they were busy with jobs and family life. Today, these former strangers are now partners in a mission: to push for answers and find their loved ones. They are not satisfied with the Malaysian government's explanation that satellite data indicates the plane most likely crashed in the southern part of the Indian Ocean. The relatives want more information and tangible proof like debris. "It's an irresponsible conclusion with no direct evidence," says Steve Wang, whose mother was on the flight. "If there is no evidence, we still have hope." He's wearing a white t-shirt displaying blue Chinese characters that read: "Pray for the passengers of MH370. We wish you a safe return." Father has no answers for his children.
Sydney, Australia (CNN) -- Qantas is considering legal action against engine-maker Rolls-Royce after one of the manufacturer's engines sparked a fire on a flight last month, the airline said Thursday.|||The Federal Court of Australia granted the Australian carrier an injunction Thursday allowing it to pursue legal action against Rolls-Royce in Australia if a commercial settlement is not possible, Qantas said. Qantas said it has already started discussions with Rolls-Royce. A Sydney, Australia-bound Qantas Airbus A380 was forced to turn back to Singapore on Nov. 4 when an oil fire badly damaged one of the plane's four Rolls-Royce Trent 900 engines. The fire resulted in part of the engine casing falling off in flight. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau issued a safety recommendation Thursday about the Trent 900 engines, which are installed on some A380 superjumbos, the world's largest airliner. The ATSB said it had identified a potential manufacturing defect with the Trent 900 on some A380s that could have been a factor in last month's fire on the Qantas flight. "The problem relates to the potential for misaligned oil pipe counter-boring, which could lead to fatigue cracking, oil leakage, and potential engine failure from an oil fire within the HP/IP bearing buffer space," the ATSB said in a statement. Rolls-Royce said checks conducted immediately after the Nov. 4 incident showed the problem was specific to the Trent 900 and that it was confined to a specific component in the turbine area of the engine. That in turn caused an oil fire, Rolls-Royce said. A Rolls-Royce spokesman said Thursday the ATSB recommendation was consistent with those findings. "We have instituted a regime of inspection, maintenance, and removal which has assured safe operation," the spokesman said. "This program has been agreed in collaboration with Airbus, our airline customers, and the regulators." Qantas grounded its A380 fleet for several weeks while it inspected the problem. It said Thursday it is doing further one-off inspections of the engines for possible tubing defects. The ATSB plans to hold a media briefing Friday when it releases its preliminary report into the mishap. CNN's Melissa Gray contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In what was a bizarre, disturbing scene at Wimbledon, Serena Williams withdrew from her doubles match with sister Venus Williams on Tuesday due to a viral illness.|||"I thought I could rally this morning, because I really wanted to compete, but this bug just got the best of me," Serena Williams said in a written statement. The Women's Tennis Association said in a release that Serena Williams, a five-time Wimbledon champion at doubles, had a viral illness. During warmups Tuesday, Williams stumbled around the court and looked disoriented. She had trouble catching balls thrown to her. Following the warmup, a tournament doctor examined her on the bench, at one point taking her blood pressure. During the 11-minute break, Williams put her head in her hands and appeared to cry. She decided to try to play, but it was tough to watch. At one point, Williams missed on a shot. When it was her turn to serve, it was an entire game of uncharacteristically wild double faults. At that point, the Williams sisters retired from the match, down 3-0. "Unfortunately Serena has been feeling unwell for the past few days and she just couldn't play to her potential today," Venus Williams said. "I'm really proud of her for trying." Tennis analyst Pam Shriver tweeted that no one she talked to could remember someone so clearly out of it on the court. Germany's Kristina Barrois and Stefanie Voegele of Switzerland advanced to the third round with the default. Both Williams sisters have been eliminated from singles' competition.
(CNN) -- A strong earthquake measuring 6.1 in magnitude struck southern Iran on Wednesday, according to a report from the U.S. Geological Survey.|||The citadel at the city of Bam, Iran in 2005, hit by a quake in 2003 when 30,000 people died. The quake demolished nearly 200 villages in Iran's Hormozgan Province, according to Iran's Press TV, citing the head of the provincial disaster management headquarters, Yasser Hazbavi. At least six people were killed and 46 others were injured, Hazbavi told Press TV. People panicked and fled buildings when the temblor struck in the quake-prone region around 3:30 p.m. Iranian time (1100 GMT), Iran's state-run IRNA news agency reported. It also knocked out power to the region.  See map of quake's epicenter ». The epicenter was located 35 miles (55 km) west-southwest of Bandar e-Abbas, Iran --  just across the narrow Strait of Hormuz from the United Arab Emirates -- according to USGS. Mehdi Rezapoor, head of the Iranian Seismological Center, said it was "a medium-sized quake." Speaking on Press TV, Rezapoor had no details on damage, but said that based on the quake's strength, "I don't think it was very extensive." The quake shook nearby Dubai, where CNN staff members said they felt the building they were in shake for about 15 to 20 seconds. "From my office window at the Dubai Media City where all foreign media are located, I can see that a lot of offices have evacuated buildings," CNN Dubai Bureau Chief Samson Desta said. "I can see up to perhaps 200 people who have taken refuge out in the streets, causing somewhat of a traffic jam." There was no evidence of any damage in Dubai, where there are a lot of high-rise buildings. Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and has experienced devastating earthquakes -- most notably in December 2003 when a 6.6 magnitude quake devastated the ancient city of Bam in southeast Iran, killing at least 30,000 people.
Turkish football club Fenerbahce have been excluded from European competitions for two years after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) upheld a ban issued by UEFA.|||Fenerbahce were handed the sanction by European football's governing body for fixing matches to help the team win the 2011 Turkish Super Lig title. The Istanbul team had been due to enter the second-tier Europa League after losing to English team Arsenal in a two-legged Champions League playoff. Fenerbahce were not immediately available for comment. The CAS also upheld a one-year ban meted out to Ukrainian team Metalist Kharkiv, also for match-fixing. Metalist were replaced by PAOK Thessaloniki in the Champions League qualification competition following the original verdict earlier this month. PAOK were subsequently eliminated by German club Schalke. UEFA will meet on Thursday to discuss who will take Fenerbahce's place in the Europa League. "UEFA welcomes today's decisions of the CAS rejecting the appeals made by Fenerbahce SK and FC Metalist Kharkiv against the UEFA Appeals Body decisions of 15 July 2013 and 14 August 2013 respectively," read a UEFA statement. "The UEFA Emergency Panel will meet on Thursday afternoon to decide on the consequences the confirmed exclusion of Fenerbahce SK from the 2013/14 UEFA club competitions will have on the Europa League."
The United States believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria, two U.S. officials first told CNN.|||U.S. and Western intelligence agencies are reviewing classified data showing Israel most likely conducted a strike in the Thursday-Friday time frame, according to both officials.  This is the same time frame that the U.S. collected additional data showing Israel was flying a high number of warplanes over Lebanon. One official said the United States had limited information so far and could not yet confirm those are the specific warplanes that conducted a strike.  Based on initial indications, the U.S. does not believe Israeli warplanes entered Syrian airspace to conduct the strikes. Both officials said there is no reason to believe Israel struck at a chemical weapons storage facilities. The Israelis have long said they would strike at any targets that prove to be the transfer of any kinds of weapons to Hezbollah or other terrorist groups, as well as at any effort to smuggle Syrian weapons into Lebanon that could threaten Israel. The Lebanese army website listed 16 flights by Israeli warplanes penetrating Lebanon's airspace from Thursday evening through Friday afternoon local time. The Israeli military had no comment. But a source in the Israeli defense establishment told CNN's Sara Sidner, "We will do whatever is necessary to stop the transfer of weapons from Syria to terrorist organizations.  We have done it in the past and we will do it if necessary the future."
It's the second most common cancer for men worldwide, but prostate cancer remains difficult to diagnose, with standard blood tests criticized for delivering a high rate of false positives.|||But in a study presented in May this year, trained detection dogs were able to identify prostate cancer from a few sniffs of a urine sample with a staggering 98% accuracy, with few false positives. Although the study is by no means conclusive, it joins a growing body of research suggesting dogs could be able to smell out cancers. However, there are numerous practical problems in using dogs to detect cancers in a medical setting (not least training, consistency and identifying exactly which chemicals the dogs are detecting), which is why scientists are seeking to harness the potential detection ability of man's best friend through the development of an "electronic nose" capable of making a diagnosis. 'Easily sniffed' Finnish researchers are using a device that conducts molecular analysis of the atmosphere in the "headspace" above urine samples, and tests it for the volatile organic compounds associated with prostate cancer. In a study published earlier this year, the method had a detection rate of 78%, and a specificity (the probability of the test being negative when cancer is absent) of 67%. "We see molecules at the stages when the tumor is very small," said lead investigator Dr. Niku Oksala, of the University of Tampere. "We can also find whether it is aggressive or benign to know what action is needed." Oksala's team is continuing to refine the method, such as through removing impurities for cleaner sample analysis, but he believes the principle is reliable and can be applied to many other cancers. "We have found there are over 30 molecule compounds in a tumor that are very smelly and easily sniffed. Eventually this can be used as a test for every cancer in the Western world," he added. Around the world, similar approaches are being applied to offer simple diagnosis for the world's greatest killers. In 2011, the Gates Foundation announced funding for a battery-operated electronic nose prototype in India that functions as a breathalyzer test for tuberculosis. The "NaNose" is being developed by the Israeli Technion Institute, claiming 90% accuracy in detecting lung cancer from a breath test, and providing enough information to distinguish between subtypes of the disease. New generation. Electronic noses are not a new concept. Medical sensors first emerged in the 1980s, but were unable to deliver reliable diagnoses. But in this new generation of devices, experts believe the field has matured. "The idea been around for over 20 years with many companies making e-noses they thought would be useful for diagnosing diseases, but they were way oversold and that destroyed the idea for a time," says Dr. Gary Beauchamp, director of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Pennsylvania. "While the devices today don't come close to mimicking the nose of a dog, I'm confident that they will help to recognize diseases based on body odors." Cancerous material can be found easily enough, says Beauchamp, but decoding the mass of combinations that form smells remains a difficulty. "Odors are a mixture of compounds and that requires pattern recognition. A dog recognizes an individual person through thousands of odors at one time, so you need a device that gives you the same information, and that is the challenge for the next generation." In the short-term, Beauchamp believes that odor recognition could be used in conjunction with other tests, particularly as a means of non-invasive, early detection that could be followed up if necessary. "They could become part of a routine examination in much the same way as blood tests ... that seems to me a likely scenario." There are fears that making diagnosis too widely available could take serious decisions out of the hands of experts, and that unreliable tools could proliferate. But similar techniques are already established outside of medicine, for a range of applications from testing for dangerous chemicals to quality control in food manufacturing. Companies are already moving toward consumer healthcare applications for the electronic nose. British start-up Owlstone is working on a mobile breath-testing system that would give users instant analysis of their breath, offering early detection of conditions such as diabetes, TB or cancers. NASA technology is also being researched as a mobile sensor for lung cancer. As molecular analysis becomes cheaper and more reliable the applications are rapidly expanding.
(CNN) -- Russia's controversial anti-gay propaganda law has sparked the "defining civil rights movement of our time" according to U.S. athlete Nick Symmonds.|||The recently implemented law has been criticized by U.S. President Barack Obama and there have been calls by some to boycott next year's winter Olympics in the Russian city of Sochi. It bars "propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations to minors" and so effectively prevents gay people from expressing their sexuality in public. "As an American who believes in freedom of speech and freedom of assembly I take huge offense that the Russian government is limiting their people in that way," Symmonds told CNN Friday. Already a talking point at the track and field world championships in Moscow, the issue intensified when one of Russia's greatest athletes, Yelena Isinbayeva, appeared to back her nation's stance Thursday. "If we allow to promote and do all this stuff on the street, we are very afraid about our nation because we consider ourselves like normal, standard people," Isinbayeva said in English at a press conference. "We just live boys with woman, women with boys." After the pole vaulter was criticized, too -- Symmonds was one of those who took offense -- she backtracked Friday, claiming she had been misunderstood as English wasn't her first language. But even before Isinbayeva's comments, Symmonds had stated his disapproval with the law in his blog for Runner's World -- though he promised to not discuss the subject during the championships. However he "couldn't stay silent anymore" after watching a CNN story that showed two Russian women shoved to the ground after they appeared to kiss each other in the street. It was "based on nothing more than they wanted to express their love for each other," he told CNN. "I was just appalled." Symmonds dedicated the silver medal he won in the 800 meters Tuesday to his gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender friends in the U.S., British newspaper the Independent reported. "This is the defining civil rights movement of our time," Symmonds told CNN. "I just want to say in 100 years when people look back on this moment, the people who are against equality and against love are going to be remembered on the wrong side of history. "And I'm honored to be standing alongside our gay and lesbian friends on the right side of history." He isn't the only competitor at the world championships supporting gay rights. Swedish high-jumper Emma Green Tregaro and sprinter Mao Hjelmer wore rainbow-colored fingernails in their events. Green Tregaro posted a picture on her Instagram account captioned: "Nails painted in rainbow sign#pride#moscow2013." That prompted Isinbayeva to hit back. She complained about the Swedes being "unrespectful to our country" and "unrespectful to our citizens because we are Russians. "We have our home and everyone has to respect (it). When we arrive to different countries, we try to follow their rules." Symmonds said he was trying to be respectful but felt he had to speak up. "I'm a guest in this nation," he told CNN. "And if I really wanted to press this issue I could go a lot further and be assembling in the streets but I want to be respectful. Respect the fact that there are a lot of competitors around here that still have to compete and I'm trying to not create a huge distraction for them. "But at the same time, you watch that video and if that just doesn't show how antiquated some people's thoughts are on this issue, then I don't know what does. "Running around in circles is great. Winning medals is awesome. If you can maybe change the mind of people for the better and encourage love and equality, then that's what this is really all about."
(CNN) -- The University of Florida's health system is reviewing the application of a heart surgeon from Kentucky who came under scrutiny after a CNN investigation into the deaths of babies in his care.|||Dr. Mark Plunkett was the chief heart surgeon at Kentucky Children's Hospital before he resigned to take a position with University of Florida Health. When CNN contacted an official from the University of Florida last month, he said he was excited to have Plunkett come work there. "We think he'll do excellent in our environment," said Dr. Timothy Flynn, senior associate dean for clinical affairs at the University of Florida College of Medicine. "We had extensive discussions with his colleagues in Kentucky, all of whom thought he performed very, very well." But after CNN published its story, UF Health spokeswoman Melanie Ross said his application is still being considered. "Our review of Dr. Plunkett's application is ongoing as we continue to follow our standard processes," Flynn told the Gainesville Sun newspaper. "His hiring is contingent in part on his obtaining a Florida medical license and completing our credentialing process, which has not yet occurred." Kentucky Children's Hospital stopped doing heart surgeries last October. Parents react to story. Dr. Michael Karpf, executive vice president for health affairs at the University of Kentucky's health care system, which includes Children's Hospital, said he put the program on hold because the mortality rates weren't what he wanted to them to be. After fighting requests to release its pediatric heart surgery outcomes, citing patient privacy, the hospital on Friday provided some figures. They show the overall mortality rate between 2008 and 2012 ranged from 4.5% to 7.1%, which the hospital said is comparable to those of programs of similar size. CNN has asked Kentucky Children's Hospital for more details. CNN contacted four families whose babies had surgeries with Plunkett during an eight-week period last year. Two died, and the two children who survived had additional surgeries elsewhere. The parents voiced their frustration that the University of Kentucky is not releasing more information about why the surgeries stopped or why Plunkett left. The University of Kentucky is conducting an internal review of the events at Children's Hospital last year. The hospital plans to hire a new surgeon and reopen the program at some point. Karpf told CNN that when the program opens again, it will be first class: "I won't be satisfied until our program is as good as anybody's program," he said. CNN attempted to contact Plunkett by e-mail Friday but has not received a response. CNN's Jennifer Bixler and William Hudson contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- A review of forensic evidence in New York City rape cases has uncovered 26 incidents where critical evidence went undetected, prompting the city's medical examiner's office to look into more than 800 rape cases over 10 years, "reviewing and retesting everything."|||On Friday, the medical examiner's rape-case review prompted New York's City Council speaker to set an "emergency oversight hearing" for January 22. "The mishandling of rape cases is making double victims of women who have already suffered an indescribably horrific event," City Council Speaker Christine Quinn said. "We cannot allow these women to wonder if their attacker remains free or to go one more day without knowing justice was served in their case." The review, which began in July of 2011, focuses on the work of one technician includes all cases the technician processed over a 10-year period. So far, that re-examination has uncovered 26 cases where the technician allegedly failed to detect biological evidence critical to the cases. In another 19 cases, the review found that pieces of evidence were in the wrong rape kits. '"The only answer here is a top-down, complete review on how they train, the procedures they use and the oversight," said Sonia Ossorio, president of the National Organization for Women of New York City. "The mishandling of evidence can mean that rapist who should be in jail are out walking the street just looking for more victims." The results have only indicated false negatives, not false positives, according to Chief Medical Examiner spokeswoman Ellen Borakove. "We know that nobody has been wrongfully convicted, and nobody is serving time for something they shouldn't be serving time for," she said. The technician in question was in charge of processing rape kits, alongside some 40 other staff members at the office. Around the end of 2008-2009, after she enrolled in a training program to become a DNA analyst, the supervisors realized "there was a problem" and took her off casework, Borakove said. Her mistakes then prompted supervisors to look at her earlier work,and they discovered the false results. "She (the technician) is no longer here and that's the important thing," said Borakove. The newly discovered forensic evidence has since led to the indictment of a Brooklyn man in an incident 10 years earlier, according to Borakove and the district attorney's office.
New York (CNN) -- Health advisories were issued for four beaches in New York City Thursday evening as wastewater from a plant continued to discharge into the Hudson River, according to a press release from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection.|||A four-alarm fire at the North River wastewater treatment plant triggered flooding of wastewater into the Hudson River Wednesday morning, after a blaze began in the plant's engine room. The health advisories were issued for South Beach, Midland Beach and Cedar Grove Beach on Staten Island, and Sea Gate in Brooklyn, according to the release. The beaches are not closed but the New York City Department of Health recommends that people not swim or enter the water at those locations. They also recommend that young or elderly people, or anyone who suffers from a medical condition not go near the water at those beaches. The advisories will last through Monday. Popular Coney Island Beach was unaffected by the advisories as of Thursday evening. All employees at the plant were accounted for following the incident with no injuries, New York City Department of Environmental Protection Commissioner Cas Holloway told CNN affiliate WPIX. The facility was not operational on Thursday evening but department staff and contractors were inside the facility working to bring the plant online. The plant is responsible for treating 120 million gallons of wastewater a day on Manhattan's west side.
(CNN) -- In a matter of minutes, a way of life disappeared in Hackleburg, Alabama.|||Three schools. A doctor's office. The pharmacy. A ballfield where children swang for the fences. The Wrangler plant that employed hundreds. A service station. All gone. But the cost from Wednesday's devastating storms was so much dearer. Twenty-nine people in the northwest Alabama town of nearly 1,600 residents died, according to Marion County Sheriff Kevin Williams. Sixteen died at the scene and 13 died at several hospitals, Williams said. "It's been overwhelming at times," he said of the county's ordeal. Another six perished in the county seat of Hamilton, he said, making for a total of 35. Up to 400 people may have been hurt across Marion County, which borders Mississippi and has about 30,000 residents. The state's official update Friday night listed seven people as still missing in Marion County. Total fatalities for all of Alabama was 249. The storms -- which may have included two tornadoes -- roared along U.S. 43 and downtown, destroying almost every business in Hackleburg, officials said Friday. A trailer plant managed to survive, but up to 100 residences were destroyed. "It's pretty much wiped out," Williams said of the city. "It looks like a war zone." A bank vault is being used to store medicine, now that the pharmacy is gone. Thirteen people were trapped in the Wrangler plant; one died. "Everything is gone, and I am not exaggerating," said city Police Chief Kenny Hallmark, 40. But, officials said, there were blessings. The superintendent Wednesday decided to send students home. Assistance -- in the form of law enforcement, emergency crews and aid groups -- has poured in. And two members of the city's police department recently received homeland security training in Eufaula, Alabama. About 250 firefighters from the region logged in as volunteers, Williams said. Although there were shelters, townspeople were taking caring of their own, Hallmark told CNN. "We have a small, close-knit community that takes care of each other, where we don't have to have shelters," Hallmark said. "My house was in direct path and it is still standing," although it was damaged, he said. Others were not so fortunate. Most of the dead, Williams said, were found in residences. The incredibly powerful storms lifted a truck and deposited it four miles away, said Hallmark. For now, the city is digging out and trying to reassemble. "This is people who lived here," the chief said.
(CNN)An ISIS outfit based in northeastern Syria has been drawing up plans since at least the middle of last year to kidnap Westerners and others in neighboring countries, a Middle East security source told CNN on Friday.|||The source said the terrorists want to go into countries such as Lebanon and Jordan and bring hostages back to Syria, where they could be used in ISIS propaganda videos, according to intelligence gathered on the planning. After producing at least seven highly publicized clips in which hostages were beheaded, ISIS may believe it needs to kidnap more people. It's hard to know how many captives ISIS and other groups have because governments, employers and families tend to keep kidnappings quiet for fear of putting the victims in greater danger while negotiators work to secure their release. The group, which is based in the area of Raqqa, has financial resources to sneak across borders and bribe security guards who might be sympathetic to their cause. Some of the funds have come from ransoms paid for the release of other hostages. A new ISIS-affiliated group in Egypt might be keen to help snatch Westerners. Opinion: ISIS has miscalculated. CNN national security commentator and former Rep. Mike Rogers said the report is "very plausible." The large number of refugees streaming out of Syria into Lebanon and Jordan could give the terrorists cover at the border, he said. ISIS may try to capture aid workers at the refugee camps. There are many ISIS sympathizers in northern Jordan, which borders Syria, said Lt. Col. Rick Francona, a retired airman and a former U.S. military attaché in Syria. "And that border is very, very porous," he said. Another big concern, the experts said, would be that other groups could abduct people and sell them to ISIS. "It is a cash business. We should make no mistake about it," Rogers said. ISIS putting price tags on Iraqi children, selling them as slaves, U.N. says.
(CNN) -- Another "Real Housewives" divorce is on the way.|||"Real Housewives of Atlanta" star Phaedra Parks is calling it quits with husband Apollo Nida. The couple's relationship has taken a bumpy turn of late because of Nida's legal issues and prison sentence. According to Parks' representative, the mom of two has "retained an attorney with the intent of amicably ending her marriage." The news comes a month after Nida reported to prison to begin an eight-year federal sentence for a fraud conviction. The reality star pleaded guilty in May to charges in a fraud scheme that federal prosecutors say stole millions of dollars from at least 50 people over four years. Nida, 35, must also serve five years under parole supervision after he completes his prison stint. He is being held at the minimum-security federal prison in Lexington, Kentucky. This is Nida's second prison sentence; he served five years for auto title fraud before marrying Parks in 2009. The pair joined the hit Bravo series in 2010, and have been lead participants since. The troubled couple play a big part in the show's upcoming seventh season, if the trailer is anything to go by. In July, Nida told Atlanta radio station B100 he had doubts his marriage to Parks would continue. "I mean, my wife didn't even ... show up for my sentencing, so I'm still kind of salty about that," Nida said. At the time of Nida's sentencing, Parks' publicist released a statement on her behalf. "Phaedra is now putting all of her energy into ensuring the well-being of her two children and making decisions that are in their best interests," the statement said. "This situation has put a tremendous strain on Phaedra and her family, and she is working hard to bring back a sense of normalcy to everyone's lives." The former couple has two sons, Ayden, 4, and Dylan, 1.
(CNN) -- Cadel Evans secured Australia's first ever Tour de France victory after the 21st and final stage of the historic race culminated on the streets of Paris.|||Evans, who rides for the BMC team, finished amidst the peleton in the 95km stage, to maintain his 1min 34sec lead over Andy Schleck of Luxembourg. Britain's Mark Cavendish, of HTC-Highroad, sealed a hat-trick of victories on the Champs Elysees to take the green jersey, awarded for the Tour's best sprinter. Samuel Sanchez, of the Euskaltel team, claimed the polka dot jersey and Frenchman Pierre Rolland, of Europcar, scooped the white jersey after becoming the best placed rider 25 and under. Cadel Evans: From the outback to Tour de France fame. Evans has twice finished runner up in the world's premier cycling event, in 2007 and 2008, and was mobbed by his teammates as soon as he crossed the line in the French capital. It was Evans' commanding performance in Saturday's individual time trial that secured him both the yellow jersey and an unassailable lead, and the final flat stage of the race was little more than a procession. Evans, who became Australia's first ever world road race champion in 2009, told reporters: "It's been 20 years since I watched my very first Tour de France on TV and I said I'd like to win it. A lot of people didn't believe it. "But some very good people believed in me, from my very first coach right through to the ones who turned me to the road. "It's been years of hard work and there were a lot of moments in this three weeks where our Tour was lost but to get here safely with all my skin, just that alone is a quest in itself. "But to be here wearing the yellow jersey -- for my team, my country, a group of people around me... it leaves me a little lost for words." An emotional Evans paid tribute to Aldo Sassi -- his mentor who died of a brain tumor a year ago. "Aldo Sassi always believed in me, more than I did myself," he added. "He said to me at one point, I hope that you can win a grand Tour and I hope for you it is the Tour de France for it's the most prestigious. If you do, you'll become the most complete rider of your generation." Andy Schleck finished second for the third successive year, with his brother Frank coming third. Frenchman Thomas Voeckler was fourth with last year's champion, Alberto Contador, of Spain, finishing fifth. "It's been a perfect Tour de France but there's only one who can win," Andy Schleck told the Tour's official web site. "We knew that from the start and that's Cadel and he also deserves this victory. He's been fighting for it. I was fighting too but he was stronger and I'll be back." A jubilant Cavendish, who has now won a total of 20 Tour de France stages, said: "This is absolutely my best Tour de France yet. The green jersey is an objective I've had in mind for a long time. It's incredible to get it."
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods doesn't have a great record in team events, especially in light of his stellar solo achievements, but the world No. 1 helped the United States win the Presidents Cup for the fifth successive time Sunday.|||Bouncing back from his first defeat of a week marred by bad weather at Muirfield Village, Woods clinched the decisive point against the visiting International team by defeating South African Richard Sterne. The Americans have now held the title since 2000, with Fred Couples unbeaten as captain on the last three stagings -- though he will stand down ahead of the 2015 event in South Korea. "A three-peat's good enough for me," said the 54-year-old after the 18½-15½ triumph against a team featuring major champions such as Adam Scott, Ernie Els, Charl Schwartzel, Louis Oosthuizen and Angel Cabrera. Woods has won just 13 of 29 Ryder Cup matches for the U.S. but has earned the clinching point in the last three matches against the Internationals. The U.S. dominated the match, and went into the closing singles with a 14-8 lead after the final foursomes results were finally completed Sunday morning. Woods and playing partner Matt Kuchar suffered their first defeat, losing 1-down to South African Els and Zimbabwe's Els Brendon de Jonge. However, the 14-time major winner overcame a niggling back problem to beat 41st-ranked debutant Sterne 1-up with a half at the 18th hole. "It feels good. It was a team effort this whole week. We played well and had a nice lead going into the singles," said Woods, who earned just one point in fourballs and foursomes at the last Presidents Cup. "I wasn't feeling my best coming down the stretch. I had a 1-up lead and I tried to keep hold of that. I knew I wasn't feeling well and I really didn't want to play any more, so I really just wanted to get that half on the final hole and get it over with." Woods has been a winner five times at the PGA Tour's Memorial Tournament at Muirfield, though rarely has the Ohio course been this waterlogged. "It was a tough day, tough conditions -- rain, wind all around. It was a long week, but it was worth it," he said. "A few of us are a little bit dinged up -- I'm one of them -- and our physios did a great job of getting us out there. I've never played three matches in a day before. "I'm a little bit sore and I'm looking forward to not picking up a club for a while." Meanwhile, Europe won the Seve Trophy for the first time in more than a decade Sunday, beating Great Britain and Ireland 15-13 in France. In a match missing many of the European team which shocked the U.S. on the last day of the Ryder Cup at Medinah, Italian Francesco Molinari sealed the result when he defeated England's Chris Wood 3 and 2 in the decider. "Everything went to the last match. The boys played really well today and I'm really happy to have won the Seve Trophy this time," said European captain Jose Maria Olazabal, who led the 2012 Ryder team. The competition is named after Olazabal's great friend and Ryder Cup teammate, the late Severiano Ballesteros.
(CNN) -- The European Parliament recently voted on a bill titled "Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU." A laudable goal, for sure -- but activists characterized the bill as a Trojan horse with chilling effects on free speech and opinion. The response from the European Parliament left much to be desired in terms of respect for democracy and voters.|||The bill looked great on the surface -- almost idealistic -- but a closer inspection revealed things that went beyond the appropriate. For instance, the bill called for a blanket ban on any and all forms of pornography -- arguably including anything on the Internet -- as well as concrete measures to enforce the ban. Regardless of whether one thinks pornography has a place in society or should be a protected form of expression, the bill encompassed far more than most would term "porn." The language was so vague, and so broad, that it could even criminalize text messages with an ever-so-slightly sexual overtone between husbands and wives. Furthermore, it called for Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to police ordinary people's communications and for dissent against the ban to be criminalized, with "effective sanctions" the penalty for opposition. The term "effective sanctions" usually means fines or jail. Upon realizing the legislative impact of what had initially been a laudable goal, activists' cries of a Trojan horse didn't seem so far off the mark. Had a bill that criminalized dissent really been voted through all committees and made it as far as the floor of the European Parliament? Several people in parliament discarded the bill and the discussions of it as "not important" because it wasn't the final vote in the legislative process, and at this stage was non-binding. Free-speech activists started contacting their representatives en masse though. The message wasn't so much "don't take away our porn!" as "you cannot possibly think this bill, as it is written, is compatible with any kind of fundamental rights." About 250,000 email messages were sent to the European Parliament on the morning of March 7. Then, something odd happened. Around lunchtime on March 7, the email messages stopped coming into parliament, despite still being sent by individual activists -- hand-typed, individual messages of concern. It turned out that some Members of European Parliament (MEPs) -- to this day, it remains unclear just who -- had complained to technical staff about the amount of constituents seeking contact with their representative on a current issue, and succeeded in having technical staff classify the messages as spam, so they never got through. The notion that one or a few MEPs could use parliamentary technical staff and infrastructure to prevent constituents from contacting any part of parliament on a current issue is jaw-dropping. Not just shutting themselves off, but shutting their colleagues off as well -- shutting off the entire parliament off from its constituents' opinions. Swedish media estimated that one million e-mails were prevented from reaching their representatives. The bill was finally voted through on March 12, but not before the parts that criminalized dissent and turned ISPs into communications police had been taken out. There were still calls for enforcing a blanket ban on pornography, but nothing likely to have a real political effect. It is also impossible for people to hold their politicians accountable on this issue, as the European Parliament did not use a "roll call vote," meaning there is no record of how individuals voted. The idea that a vote can be deliberately constructed in a way that prevents office-holder accountability is astounding. If activists hadn't made a lot of noise on the matter, the parts of the bill that criminalized dissent and turned ISPs into morals police would quite possibly have passed too. I can't help feeling a very bitter aftertaste from the European Parliament's demonstration of how little it cares about the people it represents -- deleting one million attempts by constituents to contact Members of European Parliament, and then declining to create any kind of voting record. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Falkvinge.
(CNN)Cigarettes have been put out across the bars of New Orleans. Cigars are welcome no more.|||The city known for excess of everything -- drinking, eating, dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight. How can that be? It turns out that the city known for its over-the-top Mardi Gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests (starting Friday!) didn't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore. The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars, casinos and restaurants -- in January, and the vote was unanimous, the New Orleans Times-Picayune reports. Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots. Harrah's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban, and a hearing is scheduled in state court in a month, CNN affiliate WAPT reports. Fines start at $50. Luckily for us, none of CNN's 15 New Orleans must-do's -- including touring Treme or eating a beignet -- requires smoking.
(CNN) -- Wildfires burning across some 1.4 million acres in 12 states have forced the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses in one Texas county and claimed the lives of two firefighters in Florida, authorities said Tuesday.|||The two Florida Division of Forestry firefighters died Monday while fighting a wildfire in north-central Florida that had been declared contained but suddenly burst out of control, Amanda Bevis, a division spokeswoman, said Tuesday. "They were both in tractors, and the fire literally just caught up with them," she said. The firefighters were identified as Josh Burch, 31, and Brett Fulton, 52. Both were rangers with the forestry division working the Blue Ribbon Fire in Hamilton County. "The wildfires have ravaged our state, burning more than 200,000 acres, and now, they have taken the lives of two of our very own men," Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam said in a statement. Two other firefighters were injured trying to rescue their colleagues, Bevis said. They were treated and released Monday and will make full recoveries, she said. In Texas, a fast-moving fire near Grimes County destroyed at least 26 homes as it burned across more than 4,000 acres. The fire was caused by homeowners grilling near Stoneham, Texas, CNN affiliate KHOU-TV reported. Grimes County Sheriff Don Sowell said officials have identified a person of interest who is believed to have built the barbecue pit that started the fire, but as of now authorities do not believe there was any intent of arson. The speed of the fire forced evacuations of whole subdivisions throughout the area. Jerome Seeberger, who owns 40 acres of land in Grimes County, said there's just one word to describe the scene. "Apocalypse," he told KHOU against a backdrop of charred trees. "I've never seen anything like this. Such a beautiful forest two days ago and now look at it." The fires in Florida and Texas were just two of 53 large uncontained wildfires burning in 11 U.S. states, from Alaska to Florida, according to the National Interagency Coordination Center. All told, the fires have burned 2,166 square miles -- nearly the size of Delaware. About 10,400 firefighters are involved in efforts to contain the fires, with more than 7,000 of them in Arizona and New Mexico, where fires have burned 853,518 acres, according to the center. The largest of the fires continues to be the Wallow Fire in east central Arizona and west central New Mexico. That fire has burned 527,774 acres so far, the fire's incident command team announced Tuesday, and is about 56% contained. While residents of Greer, Arizona, are being allowed to return home, evacuation orders remain in effect in other parts of Arizona and in Luna, New Mexico. Residents in parts of Apache County, Arizona, also have been told to be prepared to evacuate should the need arise. Power has been fully restored in Alpine and Nutrioso, Arizona, but remains out in areas north of Blue River, fire officials said. In North Carolina, Forest Service officials said they are closely monitoring a fire in Pender County, which has burned more than 4,000 acres. Though evacuations have not been ordered, residents of Pender County said they are worried. Diane Kuzina's voice broke as she described the fire's path. Kuzina owns land near the Pender County line. "I don't want to lose my home," she said. "It's just scary." Critical fire weather was forecast Tuesday for parts of Arizona, Colorado, Florida, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas, with a combination of low humidity and high winds in many locations raising the threat from wildfires. The weather service also warned that scattered storms forecast in southeast Texas could bring welcome rain but also lightning that could spark new fires. The number of wildfires so far this year is below the 10-year average for the United States, according to the U.S. Forest Service. But the number of acres burned is three times that 10-year average, according to the agency. While some state and local authorities have reported stretched resources from the widespread fires, Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell told Congress last week that there's plenty of capacity to continue fighting fires. The U.S. Forest Service and the Department of the Interior have about 16,000 trained firefighters available nationwide, Tidwell said. The agency also has left-over funds from previous years to pay higher-than-usual firefighting costs. CNN's Craig Bell contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Video storytelling can be a very powerful thing. Moving images coupled with compelling sound can transport a viewer to a different place, inside the story. To achieve this level of storytelling you must be a technically sound shooter. Here are the basic tools and tips needed to become a great video storyteller.|||Have a plan. Before you actually start shooting, be sure you have a game plan. Think about your subject and what kind of shots you need to best tell the story. Thinking ahead will help you avoid being overwhelmed when you start shooting. Also, be sure to think about your equipment ahead of time. Be sure to have enough charged batteries and spare memory. There's nothing worse than setting up a shoot only to realize you're out of juice. Don't forget about composition. One thing that is easy to lose sight of during a fast-paced news gathering shoot is composition. This can result in bland, forgettable material. Thoughtful shot composition can really make your footage stand out. Generally, it is boring to just center the subject of your shot, so instead, use the rule of thirds. Pretend your frame has evenly spaced lines running throughout it, two horizontally and two vertically. The points where the lines intersect are where you want to have the most important elements of the shot. If your shot seems boring, try to get up high or down low. Presenting your viewer with an alternative to the shoulder/tripod-height view will help create a more dynamic shot. And don't forget to be creative! Think about what angle a person would not normally see and see how it looks through your camera. Have a focal point. Each shot should have something for the viewer to focus on or else the viewer will focus on nothing. Use the rule of thirds to decide where to put this focal point in your frame. Capture action. It is very important to capture action in your shots, but don't get sucked into following every movement. Allow your subjects to move in and out of the frame, as this gives a much better sense of motion. Get a variety of shots. Always make sure you have the following shots: wide shots to set the scene, medium to give context and to tell the basic story, and tight shots to give details that the viewer wouldn't normally see. Once you have a variety of shots of different scenes, you can start telling a cohesive visual story. Stabilize EVERY shot. Train yourself to always use a tripod or monopod when shooting. Shaky footage can totally distract the view from an otherwise great shot. This takes discipline and tripods can be cumbersome, but your material will improve greatly if stabilized. Limit camera moves. Zooms, pans and tilts. When done carefully and deliberately they can be OK, but most of they time they distract from what should be the focal point of the shot: the action. Pay attention to light. Light is your friend. Beautiful light during the golden hour (first and last hour of sunlight during the day) will be warm and soft, shooting at that time of day will make footage pop. Be aware of light. You can use it to silhouette your subject or create a nice rim light effect. Also look out for low light situations and try to have an external source of light if possible. Hold your shots. Try to hold your shots for at least five seconds, this will make life-in-edit much easier, and don't talk while holding these shots! Don't forget about audio. Poor audio can kill video. Always use an external mic when possible. If you can't, be sure to find a very quiet place to conduct your interviews. Use manual settings as much as possible. Yes, there are a lot of buttons and features on your camera. Learn them and use them! Manual controls are much more reliable and give you total control over your shots, more than any auto features your camera may have. Practice, practice, practice. Like most things in life, the only way to become a better shooter is to practice. The more you shoot, the more comfortable you will become with your camera so you can focus less on camera settings and more on getting those perfect shots. For more tips on capturing video, check out last year's boot camp piece on shooting video. Then show us your video skills in this week's boot camp challenge on capturing images. Submissions are due Tuesday, September 6, at noon ET. Until then, if you have any questions, feel free to ask in the comments section, or join us for a round-table discussion of this iReport Boot Camp topic on Thursday, September 8.
(CNN) -- Microsoft has announced its Surface tablets, due out late this year, at a time when security is a growing concern for users of mobile devices.|||And when most consumers think security, Microsoft probably isn't the first brand to spring to mind. But are Surface tablets likely to be any more or less secure than the iPad or Android tablets? That could depend on which Surface model you're talking about. But in general, these devices probably won't pose any significant additional security risks to mobile users. Microsoft said there will be two versions of Surface. The first, due out this fall, will run the not-yet-released Windows RT operating system -- a tablet-based version of the Windows Phone OS, which will only run apps adapted for Microsoft's tile-based "Metro" user interface. So far, Microsoft has offered few hardcore details about this system. But the tech news site Pocket Lint offered a good rundown of what to expect from Windows RT. The higher-end second Surface tablet, probably due out a few months later, will run the full Windows 8 operating system. This OS also has not yet been released, but a consumer preview has been available for several months. At a conference Tuesday, Collin Davis, senior director of development for Symantec's Norton line of security software, explained that so far it's hard to say exactly what types of security concerns Windows RT devices might pose. But security experts know a fair bit about Windows 8. "It's a lot like the current desktop version of Windows we have today, so its security issues will probably be very similar," he said. "Microsoft raised the security bar considerably a few years ago when they introduced Microsoft Security Essentials," Davis added, referring to software has since been rebranded as Microsoft Defender. It offers a level of protection against threats such as spyware, botnets, phishing attacks, websites that install malicious code and more. "We know that Windows 8 will include Defender," Davis said. The "bad guys" who develop malware and other security threats pay close attention to the level of security built into Microsoft products, since Windows remains the most popular computer operating system in the world. And right now, those bad guys are busily updating their code, Davis said. Hackers today can already exploit Windows 7 and soon should be able to exploit Windows 8, he said. One key difference in Windows 8 is that it's two operating systems in one. It offers a regular Windows desktop interface as well as Microsoft's newer "Metro" interface -- the tile-based design that's the hallmark of Windows Phone. In contrast, the first model of the Surface tablet (Windows RT only) will only offer the Metro interface, so it won't be able to run the full versions of many desktop apps popular with Windows users, such as Photoshop. "From a security perspective, we expect this device to be about the same as what we see with current mobile operating systems such as Android and iOS," Davis said. According to Networked World, Windows RT might offer some security advantages for large organizations: "Microsoft can perform a type of network access control on Windows RT devices as a way to protect corporate networks from harm ... making them a cut above iPads and Android tablets in this regard." If you're concerned about security, you can purchase extra security software such as Norton or other products from various vendors, many of which have mobile apps. For the Windows 8 version of Surface, such software could provide additional protection above what Microsoft Defender offers. In the big picture for mobile, so far the vast majority of mobile security threats are malware that target Android devices. The open nature of the Android OS and the ease with which Android apps can be distributed through the Google Play store make this possible. So users of Android devices, including tablets, should be especially careful of security risks. Despite popular opinion that Apple devices are inherently more secure and despite ongoing Windows security problems such as the pernicious Conficker worm, Microsoft may actually be better at security overall than Apple. Security expert Eugene Kaspersky recently told Computer Business Review that Apple is "10 years behind Microsoft in terms of security." Kaspersky was referring to Macintosh computers, but his comments might also apply to iPhones and iPads. Simply because Windows has long been the world's most popular computer operating system by a long shot, it has been a far more attractive target for bad guys seeking to exploit security holes. Thus Microsoft has far more experience with spotting, combating and communicating about security issues. Whether this expertise ends up making these new Windows tablets extra secure remains to be seen. The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran.
(CNN) -- If you access Facebook via the Web browser on a "feature phone" -- a simpler, less powerful cousin to the smartphone -- your experience might improve significantly over the next few weeks.|||On Friday, Facebook announced an upgrade to its "lean" mobile site m.facebook.com. This upgrade integrates the full range of features found in Facebook's mobile site for smartphones and other phones with touchscreen browsers: touch.facebook.com. This update is being rolled out gradually to Facebook users. Facebook product designer Lee Byron explained: "With the new m.facebook.com, users with high-end touch devices will see a rich touch-friendly interface; for users with feature phones, the site will look and work great. ...There will no longer be a difference between m.facebook.com and touch.facebook.com, we'll automatically serve you the best version of the site for your device." Here's why this is a smart move -- one that I wish more online sites and services would emulate. Too often, as popular sites and services upgrade their mobile offerings, they cater primarily to smartphone users -- which means they end up leaving the vast majority of mobile users further behind. According to new numbers from ComScore, currently only 29% of handsets in use in the U.S. are smartphones. A brief definition: While the lines between the two types of devices are becoming blurred, smartphones are defined as having operating systems capable of running "native" apps with a wide range of sophisticated functions, and fully featured web browsers (usually based on the Webkit browser). Feature phones tend to be cheaper, simpler, and more limited. Often feature phones lack touchscreens, and they usually run simple apps based on Java. While smartphones are getting more popular, and many feature phones are getting smarter -- well, at least getting better Web browsers -- most mobile users aren't yet willing to handle the costs and complexity associated with smartphones. Consequently, feature phones will likely continue to be a huge part of the mobile market for at least a few more years. MSNBC reports that Facebook currently has about 600 million users worldwide, and about 250 million of them already access Facebook from their cell phones. With an enhanced experience for simpler cell phones, I'd expect that Facebook might quickly grow its mobile user base -- and probably also pick up a lot of new website users. That's the point: Facebook's business model hinges on getting as many people as possible engaged as much as possible. This means finding a way to efficiently serve the mobile devices they're using today -- not just targeting the mobile devices they might be using a few years from now. The move to upgrade and unify Facebook's mobile Web experience also will streamline Web development for Facebook. As if it isn't complicated enough to maintain native apps for each major smartphone operating system (iOS, Android, BlackBerry, etc.), maintaining multiple mobile website versions consumes considerable time and resources. "Every time we launched a new feature, we had to build it multiple times across different code bases," wrote Byron. "Once for facebook.com, then again for m.facebook.com, touch.facebook.com, and in native applications as well. Honestly, we weren't very good at doing this, so certain features were missing on different devices." Coupled with Facebook's recent acquisition of Snaptu -- a popular platform for Java-based apps that runs on most feature phones -- this consolidation of the company's mobile Web efforts indicates an unusually inclusive mobile strategy. Facebook is clearly taking a hard look at the mobile market that actually exists, rather than the one that most developers and wireless carriers seem to believe, or wish, exists. If Facebook can move fast to serve feature phone users well, while other social media services -- except Twitter, of course -- tend to treat feature phones as an afterthought, it's more likely to maintain loyal users for the long term. The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran.
(CNN) -- Let's assume you live in Utah, Hawaii or South Carolina, and you go to Nevada for a vacation. While in Las Vegas, you spend some money in the casinos.|||Gambling is illegal in the state where you live, so should the cops in your home state be able to track your activities and arrest you for what happened in Nevada? The answer, needless to say, is no. Or at least it should be no. Common sense tells us that state laws should only apply to things that happen inside a state's borders. But this sensible principle is being tossed out the window by the U.S. Senate, which has approved a proposal that would give states the ability to impose their taxes on out-of-state sellers. Many people think this is a debate about "taxing the Internet," but that's a misleading characterization. If a merchant in your state makes an online sale to you or your neighbor, that seller will collect the sales tax levied by your state. And if a merchant in another state makes an online sale to you or your neighbor, that seller is subject to any taxes imposed by the state where it is based. But some governors and state legislators don't like this system because many states don't bother imposing any tax on sales to out-of-state consumers. And even if states levied taxes on sales to out-of-state consumers, what about the five states that don't have any sales tax? Wouldn't those states become "tax havens" for Internet sales? For these reasons, some politicians fret that the Internet will put competitive pressure on them to keep their sales tax rates from getting too high. These concerns are overblown. People generally shop online because of convenience, not tax savings. But it's also a good thing when states are forced to compete with each other. States with no payroll income taxes, such as Nevada, Florida, Tennessee, Texas and New Hampshire, help restrain the greed of politicians in states that have punitive income tax systems, such as California, Illinois, New York and Massachusetts. And if politicians in the high-tax states refuse to adjust their bad tax policies, then people should have the freedom to escape and earn income in other states. The same principle applies to sales taxes. If politicians in, say, Arizona are worried that consumers will go online or travel across the border to avoid the punitive sales tax, then they should reduce their sales tax rate. Politicians can choose to maintain uncompetitive tax systems, of course, but they also should be prepared to accept the consequences. I don't think California and Illinois should try to become the France and Greece of America, but that's something for the voters of those states to figure out for themselves. In any event, they shouldn't have the right to force out-of-state sellers to act as deputy tax collection officials if they decide to impose bad tax policy. But this debate isn't just about tax policy and the proper limits of state government power. The bill still must go through the U.S. House, where the GOP is divided on the issue. If politicians in Washington approve the so-called Marketplace Fairness Act, they'll not only be authorizing extraterritorial tax enforcement, they'll also be setting in motion the creation of a database that will erode privacy for consumers and create opportunities for identity theft. This is because the legislation only can be enforced if governments set up some sort of system for tracking where consumers live, what they buy and how much it costs. With 9,600 sales tax jurisdictions in the United States (cities and counties also impose sales taxes), this is a compliance nightmare. And it means that your personal and financial details will be collected and stored in a database that will be a magnet for criminals and hackers from all over the world. To be blunt, a sales tax cartel is bad news for tax policy and bad news for privacy. Let's limit the power of state governments so they can only screw up things inside their own borders. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel J. Mitchell.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A construction worker found what appears to be a World War II-era bomb Thursday afternoon at a work site on Hong Kong Island, prompting evacuations in the area, police told CNN.|||The suspected bomb was found upright in the ground as workers dug at a construction site for a hotel, the police told CNN. Initial police analysis suggested it was American ordnance, designated US Navy ANM 66. People within 500 meters of the site were told to leave by 8 p.m. (7 a.m. ET), the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported, citing police. The evacuation area included the neighboring Cosmopolitan Hotel. Police didn't immediately know how many people would be evacuated, police spokesperson Florence Ma told CNN. A team of at least six bomb disposal officers in protective clothing was seen at the site. A police spokesperson said that they would not attempt a controlled detonation on site. Neither the condition of the casing nor the integrity of the device could not immediately be confirmed. The scene was calm Thursday night. Firetrucks, ambulances and roughly two dozen police officers were there, but traffic was flowing on the nearby main road, and there appeared to be no onlookers, save for a small group of reporters. Traffic was stopped on roads leading to the site, resulting in a line of several waiting buses. Police gave passengers the option to alight but most waited for the cordon to be lifted. Such a discovery isn't unheard of, and unexploded bombs from World War II raids have been found in Hong Kong hillsides and construction sites, the police spokesman said. Bombs from that era also have been found in Europe. Last month, a bulldozer struck what authorities believed was a World War II-era bomb in the western German town of Euskirchen, causing a blast that killed the bulldozer driver, injured a number of other people and damaged homes, police said.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration has selected 43 more technology specialists as Presidential Innovation Fellows to help the government devise new ways to operate better and save money, President Barack Obama announced Monday.|||The new fellows follow an initial group of 18 chosen last year who came up with ways to digitize disaster recovery efforts, make more government data available to the public for free, and eliminate duplication while speeding up the adoption of new technology by government agencies, Obama told a White House event attended by most of his Cabinet. Citing what he called a 21st century government still mired in some ways in 20th century technology, the president also challenged his Cabinet to develop aggressive management strategies to upgrade systems and operations. "We've found ways to deliver the services that citizens expect in smarter, faster and better ways," Obama said of first term successes, citing improved methods of processing disaster claims through mobile apps and saving $2.5 billion by eliminating duplication and waste when upgrading government technology." "It makes sense for us to be able to redesign government so it can deliver on the functions the American people are looking for," he said. For example, he mentioned one idea "in the pipeline" that would allow people filing for federal benefits to track the status of their application "just like you can follow the location of a package all the way to your doorstep." Obama said Sylvia Matthews Burwell, director of the Office of Management and Budget, would oversee the effort, which he said would extend to the general public to become more involved in helping improve government. "In this democracy, we the people recognize that this government belongs to us, and it's up to each of us and every one of us to make it work better," he said. "We can't just stand on the sidelines. We can't take comfort in just being cynical. We all have a stake in government success because the government is us." CNN's Lesa Jansen contributed to this report.
Chhukha, Bhutan (CNN) -- Bhutan is the last of the Himalayan kingdoms. The small country is situated in the nooks and crannies of the highest mountain range on earth.|||It's a special place that didn't have paved roads until the 1960s, was off-limits to foreign tourists until the 1970's, and didn't have television until 1999, the last country in the world to get service. The altitude and scenery are enough to take your breath away. In this country the environment is cherished. The kingdom lists environmental protection as one of the four pillars of happiness, a state of mind the country takes so seriously that "gross national happiness" is considered more important than gross domestic product. Still, Bhutan is modernizing and looking at how to use its resources responsibly. Water is one of its most abundant resources. "Some people tell me that it's the 'moving gold,' " Sherup Tenzing, the executive engineer for Druk Green Power Corporation in Chhukha, said. "Since the river patterns in Bhutan are naturally designed in such a way that it can produce huge amount of energy -- that is also clean energy." Bhutan is tapping into that clean energy on a massive scale. Hydropower is the sole source of electricity in the country and experts say the country is only using about 5 percent of its potential right now. "After 2020 we have a target of accomplishing 15 additional power plants and 3 are already under construction and they have achieved good progress," Tenzin said. Bhutan's very first hydropower plant was set up in Chhukha, about a two-hour drive from the capital Thimphu. The dam that harnesses the water is a spectacle in and of itself. It is beautifully painted with Buddhist deities, including the water goddess. Even in the belly of the plant, the most utilitarian space has a wall covered with a colorfully painted mural depicting the life of Buddha. The mural adds beauty to what would normally be quite drab and dank. In Bhutan hydroelectricity has become big business; actually, the biggest business. The clean energy created in this small country (it's about the size of Switzerland with a population less than that of San Francisco) is being sold to one of Bhutan's power-starved and highly populated neighbors: India. "More than 60 percent of our GDP comes from hydro-power," Bhutan's Prime Minister Jigme Thinley told CNN. He says the clean energy business is a perfect fit for the country. "Bhutan is ecologically a very fragile region, being located in the vulnerable Himalayas. And in fact, even with respect to hydropower, we are engaging in its realization only because it is ecologically friendly, these are all run-of-the river schemes with minimum or no damage to the ecology," the prime minister said. Not everyone is convinced. Government adviser Dasho Paljor J. Dorji worries too many dams may harm the creatures that live in the water. "It's a shame that so much of our rivers are being tapped. The aim is good. [But] it happens so quickly. I thought that, perhaps, we might be able to leave some of our rivers, still pristine with its natural beauty instead of damming them all," Dorji said. Still, Dorji is well aware of all the benefits from an energy source that doesn't pollute the air. Eighty percent of the country now has electricity and the goal is to have the entire nation electrified by 2013, all of it provided by hydropower. The clean energy has changed many lives in Bhutan. Farmer Zangmo, who uses only one name that is typical in the country, got electricity for the first time in 2000. "Earlier, when electricity wasn't there, we faced a lot of problems. We had to depend on firewood for everything. Everything was dark, back then," Zangmo said. Electricity has helped increase the family income too. Earlier, after backbreaking work harvesting rice in the fields, the family would have to spend their days beating the husks off the rice. Now Zangmo flicks a switch and the electrical machine does the de-husking, making work more efficient and faster. She says she doesn't know how the electricity is made but she is thankful for it. In fact, many of the people benefiting from hydropower have no idea that the pristine water in their rivers is generating the lights in their homes and businesses. When we told Zangmo that running water was helping create the electricity in her home her eye opened wide and she said: "We didn't know that water could produce electricity. It is unbelievable."
(CNN) -- Soccer star Nicolas Anelka has sparked controversy after making a gesture one French government official called "shocking" and "disgusting."|||After he scored his first goal for West Bromwich Albion in Saturday's 3-3 draw at West Ham in the English Premier League, the former France international pointed his right arm straight down and touched that arm with his left hand. The gesture is known as a "quenelle," but some have called it a Nazi salute in reverse. Anelka took to Twitter and claimed the "gesture was just a special dedication to my comedian friend Dieudonne" but the French government is seeking to ban Dieudonne for alleged anti-Semitic behavior. French Sports Minister Valerie Fourneyron added on Twitter that there was no place for Anelka's gesture. "Anelka's gesture is a shocking provocation, disgusting," she said. "There's no place for anti-Semitism on the football field." West Brom's caretaker manager Keith Downing defended Anelka, who converted to Islam almost a decade ago, when he spoke to reporters following the match. "It is dedicated to a French comedian he knows very, very well," Downing said. "I think speculation can be stopped now. It is absolute rubbish really." However, the European Jewish Congress called for English authorities to punish Anelka. "This salute is merely a lesser known Nazi salute and we expect the same kind of punishment to be handed down by the authorities as if Anelka had made the infamous outstretched arm salute," its president Dr. Moshe Kantor said in a statement on Sunday. "This salute was created by a well-known extreme anti-Semite who has displayed his hatred of Jews, mocked the Holocaust and Jewish suffering. "It is sickening that such a well-known footballer would make such an abusive and hateful gesture in front of tens of thousands of spectators. There should be no room for such intolerance and racism in sports and we expect that the English Premier League officials as well as the police will give Anelka the appropriate punishment." The EPL has yet to comment on the incident, but British media reported that the English Football Association would investigate it. This isn't the first time Anelka -- who has played for the likes of Juventus, Real Madrid, Chelsea and Arsenal in a 19-year career -- has been involved in controversy. He earned the nickname of "Le Sulk" due to his body language and was thrown out of the 2010 World Cup by France after he allegedly insulted then coach Raymond Domenech at halftime during a defeat against Mexico. Anelka was later banned for 18 matches by the French Football Federation, and in response he announced his international retirement. He had been part of France's European Championship-winning squad in 2000. At Real Madrid he allegedly once refused to train and was banned by the Spanish club for 45 days. Anelka is now playing for his sixth English club, having left Chelsea in January 2012 for a big-money move to Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua. He lasted just a year there before going to Italy for a five-month loan with Juventus, which won a second successive Serie A title. The 34-year-old had a difficult start to his time at West Brom, which was marred by the death of his agent in August. The West Ham game was his first appearance since late October, and he scored his first goals for the club in what was his eighth outing. West Brom, which sacked manager Steve Clarke this month after a poor run of results, is 15th in the 20-team EPL.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada -- LeBron James put on another shooting clinic in a 118-81 rout of Argentina as the United States locked up a tournament gold medal to go with an Olympic berth at the FIBA Americas Championship on Sunday.|||James and Chauncey Billups hoist the trophy after the U.S. won the FIBA Americas title to go with an Olympic berth. James, who had a perfect night against Uruguay earlier in the tournament by hitting all 11 of his field goals, led the heavily-favored Americans with four three pointers in the third quarter and capped his night with a game-high 31 points. "LeBron's performance was one of the best ever in an international game that a U.S. player has had," American coach Mike Krzyzewski said. Carmelo Anthony and Dwight Howard also looked unstoppable, springboarding the U.S. to a 25-point lead at the half at the Thomas and Mack Center arena. Anthony finished with 16 points and eight rebounds and Howard had 20 points and five rebounds. "This Team USA is one of the best I have seen," Argentina head coach Sergio Hernandez said. "Nobody will ever forget the first Dream Team with Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson, but I like this USA team very much with Kobe Bryant and LeBron James. They really know how to play together." The U.S. and defending Olympic champion Argentina were playing for FIBA Americas bragging rights as both countries had already clinched berths in the basketball tournament for next summer's Beijing Games. Elias Ayuso scored 39 points and Carlos Arroyo had 30 and 10 assists as Puerto Rico beat Brazil 111-107 for the bronze medal earlier in the day. America and Argentina join host nation China, Spain (world champion), Iran (Asia), Australia (Oceania), Angola (Africa) at the 2008 Olympic Games. Brazil, Puerto Rico, and Canada will get another chance to qualify at a 12-team 2008 FIBA Olympic qualifying tournament next July in which three more countries will punch their tickets to Beijing. The U.S. were never seriously challenged at this zone qualifying tournament and heading into the final their 39.2 average margin of victory is one of the highest in tournament history. "The thing I enjoyed most about this team is that everybody put their egos aside," James said. "Guys like Kobe who win scoring titles every year handed it over to Carmelo. We are all here for one reason and that is to win the gold medal." E-mail to a friend.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN)ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site.|||The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. By Sunday, ISIS said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but Iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted Iraqi forces remain in full control. CNN couldn't independently verify ISIS' claim. It wouldn't be the first time that militants and Iraqi forces have battled over the refinery, a key strategic resource that has long been a lucrative target because the facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. If an attack damaged oil fields or machinery, it could have a significant impact. The refinery is just 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit, which Iraqi forces and Shiite militias wrested from ISIS less than two weeks ago. CNN's Jennifer Deaton and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A 32-year-old Saudi Arabian who has crusaded for women to drive in her country said she was stopped Saturday for driving a car -- even though there is no law against it.|||Manal al Sharif, a mother of a 5-year-old boy, told CNN authorities released her and then tried to detain her again early Sunday. Al Sharif, one of those behind Women2Drive, claimed traffic and religious police detained her for six hours Saturday after they spotted her driving in Khobar. She said she was forced to sign a form promising not to drive again, and then was allowed to go home. She told CNN that lawyers are trying to stop police from detaining her for a second time. A Women2Drive tweet later indicated al Sharif and her brother had been taken from their Khobar residence to a police station. CNN was trying to reach Saudi authorities for comment. Women2Drive is an initiative endorsing the right of women to drive and travel freely in Saudi Arabia. While there are no traffic laws that make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia, religious edicts are often interpreted as a ban on female drivers. Hundreds of women have joined the campaign on Facebook and Twitter to begin driving June 17. Some women, such as Al Sharif, with international licenses began driving earlier. Al Sharif recently told CNN, "We are not doing anything that is breaking the law." Strict segregation by sex means women in Saudi Arabia can't travel without a male relative. They can't take public transport. To get around, women hire expensive drivers or taxis. Al Sharif became frustrated after she had difficulty going home one evening. "I had to walk on the street for half an hour looking for a cab. I was harassed by every single car because it was late at night and I was walking alone," she told CNN. "I kept calling my brother to pick me up but his phone wasn't answering. I was crying in the street. A 32-year-old grown woman, a mother, crying like a kid because I couldn't find anyone to bring me home." Al Sharif, who has taught other women how to drive, is resolute about Saudi women being more outspoken. "We have a saying," she told CNN. "The rain starts with a single drop. This is a symbolic thing."
(CNN) -- Pirates traded gunfire with Togo security forces early Tuesday from a hijacked oil tanker off the west coast of Africa, the International Maritime Bureau said.|||"Apparently there was an exchange of fire between pirates on board the hijacked tanker and the naval patrol vessel," said Cyrus Mody, spokesman for the maritime bureau, based in London. A representative for Golden Energy Management, the Greek company that chartered the vessel, said there were 24 crew members on board, all of them Russian. The representative had no information on the condition of the crew and said company officials in Athens have been unable to establish contact with the sailors. The Isle of Man-flagged Energy Centurion was seized off the coast of the Togolese capital Lome, where it was anchored. A security official in Togo said authorities received the alert from the oil tanker around 2 a.m. "We quickly sent patrols after it, but we did not succeed in catching the pirates who took control of the tanker and disappeared off the coast of neighboring Benin," said Col. Djibril Inoussa, the communications director of Togo Armed Forces. Pirate attacks down off Somalia, up off Nigeria. This is the second such attack in less than two weeks in the Gulf of Guinea, off the west coast of Africa. "This has been an area of risk and a hotspot for a number of years," said Mody. He said the number of piracy incidents in Nigerian waters has been severely under-reported, and tend to be overshadowed by Somali piracy. While Somali piracy remains a serious threat, there has been an increase of attacks in the Gulf of Guinea, according to a recent report from International Maritime Bureau's Piracy Reporting Center. The report said there were 32 attacks this year in the Gulf of Guinea -- including five hijackings, versus 25 in 2011. The main difference between the East and West African pirate activities is that almost all the incidents in Nigeria are conducted within its territorial waters, whereas most of the incidents along the eastern coast of Africa and the Gulf of Aden occur on the high seas, according to the maritime bureau. Mody said it is possible that the same group responsible for Tuesday's attack was involved in the hijacking of a UK-operated oil tanker August 19. That vessel was later released off the coast of Nigeria. "Their modus-operandi is to target mainly oil tankers, and steal the cargo," said Mody. He said refined oil -- gas or diesel -- is easy to sell on open black markets. The hijacked vessel is then either taken to the same location where it was picked up, or moved to another site and released. Mody said pirates also go through each crew cabin to see what they can take. He said crews are often beaten up, sometimes severely. "Nigerian incidents tend to be very violent towards the crew," Mody said. Man described as high-ranking Somali pirate gets multiple life sentences. Journalists Erick Kaglan in Togo and Elinda Labropoulou in Athens contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A volcano erupted Thursday in Guatemala, prompting officials to evacuate 35,000 residents, a spokeswoman for the Red Cross told CNN.|||The "Volcan de Fuego," or Fire Volcano, began spewing ash at 10 a.m. and was continuing to belch forth late in the afternoon near the country's former capital, Antigua, said Carmen Maria Caballero of the Guatemalan Red Cross. CNN iReporter Harby David Marroquin had been working at a nearby golf course when he saw nature's pyrotechnics and shot video on his iPhone. It showed white smoke pouring out of the top of the 3,763-meter (12,346-foot) volcano. Listening to the volcano gives him peace of mind, Marroquin said. "You feel an indescribable energy, and this time was no different." iReport: Are you there? Send us your photos, videos. Ten shelters, each able to house some 200 people, were opened in the affected villages, Caballero said. Most evacuees were staying with friends or relatives, she said. Residents within 20 kilometers (12 miles) of the volcano were being taken from the affected zone in buses and private cars, she said. Ash was falling up to 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the volcano. Several people were treated at mobile health centers for respiratory problems; one person was hospitalized in critical condition, according to Caballero. Another Red Cross spokesman, Vinicio Sarazua Santillan, told CNN en EspaÃ±ol that a number of people were remaining in their houses, unwilling to evacuate out of fear that their belongings could be stolen. Thursday's eruption marked the sixth -- and the strongest -- this year, she said. "It's a very active volcano," she added, but said that that did not necessarily mean Thursday's eruption would last longer than others. According to the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History, the volcano is one of Central America's most active. Volcano erupts in another Central American country. Is Yellowstone atop a supervolcano that can threaten Earth? Thousands evacuated after volcano in Nicaragua erupts.
(CNN) -- Kenya's bar association is calling for the prosecution of men who publicly strip women because of the way they dress.|||"The ongoing brutality that is stripping our women in public for allegedly dressing in an indecent manner must be brought to an end," Eric Mutua, chairman of the Law Society of Kenya, said in a statement. Mutua urged Keriako Tobiko, director of public prosecutions, to take action and for the national police to form a special unit to patrol areas where these crimes are likely to happen. "These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards and should never be tolerated or condoned in a civilized society," Mutua said. In an recent incident, a group of men stripped a woman naked in Nairobi after accusing her of "indecent" dressing. The attack was captured on video and prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice. In footage posted on YouTube and shown on local television, attackers confronted the woman at a bus stop. The men pushed and shoved her, eventually stripping her naked. In the background, attackers yell "Toa" -- Swahili for "take it off!" -- as they tug at her clothes. Kenyans took to the streets of Nairobi on November 17 to protest the attacks. Protesters marched through the capital's downtown carrying placards that read "My dress, my choice," while others donned miniskirts, the same attire the unidentified woman wore when she was attacked. Some men wore dresses to show their support. More iReport photos: #MyDressMyChoice. It is not the first time a woman has been undressed for purported indecent dressing in the East African nation, which is a majority Christian. After the videotaped incident, other instances of women getting undressed were reported, including in Mombasa, Kenya's second-largest city. The issue in not limited to Kenya. Over the years, there have been similar occurrences elsewhere in Africa, including Malawi, Cameroon and Zimbabwe. Kenyan authorities have said they are investigating the incidents. CNN's Daisy Carrington and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- To Sam McNair, a 17-year-old high school senior in Duluth, Georgia, it was an innocent hug.|||"You never know what someone's going through," McNair told CNN affiliate WGCL in Atlanta. "A hug might help." It didn't in this case because after McNair hugged a teacher, he ended up with a year-long suspension from Duluth High School, putting his college plans in jeopardy. "He's a senior; he plays football. He was getting ready for lacrosse season, and you are stripping him of the opportunity to even get a full scholarship for athletics for college," April McNair, Sam's mother, told WGCL. The elder McNair, who says she and her son call themselves huggers, said she was dumbfounded to learn of her son's suspension after hugging a teacher. Surveillance video captures the hug in question, showing Sam placing his arms around the teacher and giving her a hug. The teacher then pushes him away. According to a discipline report obtained by WGCL, the teacher said Sam's lips and cheeks touched her neck and that she had warned Sam about hugging in the past. Asked if he kissed the teacher, Sam told the television reporter he did not. He said he has hugged teachers many times before, including this teacher, and has never been warned. In a statement, Sloan Roach, a spokesperson for the Gwinnett County Public Schools, told CNN, "Hearing officers consider witness testimony, a review of the known facts, and a student's past disciplinary history -- including long-term suspensions that result in alternative school placement -- when determining consequences." "If a parent has concerns about the outcome of a panel, he or she is entitled to appeal the decision to the Gwinnett County Board of Education," Roach added. Since this is a discipline issue, the law prohibits the district from sharing details about the student's situation or the student's past discipline history, said the spokesperson. Sam told WGCL he does have a discipline record and previous suspensions but not for sexual harassment. "I have five months left in my senior year. I don't see why they would take that away from me," said Sam. His mother plans to appeal the school board's decision and said the school should have notified her if there were any problems with his hugging before suspending him and threatening his college future. On her Facebook page, she posted a Change.org petition, calling for the school district to "revisit a year-long suspension for hugging a teacher." The petition had more than 200 signatures as of Monday evening. Reaction online has been mixed, with many believing the punishment might be severe but raising questions about Sam's prior history. "Our zero tolerance is taken a bit too far, but I have to reserve my comments since I am curious what his 'previous records' of suspension were about, as well as his disciplinary record," said Sue Scheff, a parenting advocate. "But I don't think hugging constitutes sexual harassment unless he has intent otherwise and it doesn't seem that way," said Scheff. Some commenters said the allegation that the teacher raised the issue before with Sam was a key point. "If she has warned him before and he did it again and his hand or face touches her where she believes it's inappropriate, like (the) neck or breast, it's textbook sexual harassment," said a viewer on WGCL's website. But said another commenter, "This is crazy. Now we can't hug people anymore. What in the world?" "Something so, so innocent can be perceived as something totally opposite," said Sam. Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook.
(CNN) -- A woman climbed a barbed wire fence at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Nova Scotia, Canada, on Sunday with the intention to stop the plane she thought was carrying her husband, said a Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman.|||"Her intent was to stop the aircraft from taking off," said Sgt. Al LeBlanc. "She jumped the security fence, but she was nowhere near the aircrafts. The airport staff and the Mounted Police responded right away and apprehended her." The woman climbed over a 10-foot security fence with angled barb wire around 8:30 a.m. local time, according to Peter Spurway, the airport's communications vice president. "She was immediately spotted by the aircraft control tower. One of our folks was on the area and apprehended her. She was in the airfield for 10 minutes. We had a small aircraft in the area and the traffic control tower rerouted the aircraft," said Spurway. Spurway said the woman then told police that she believed her husband was on an aircraft, and she was trying to stop him. "This is a very unusual type of incident. I had never heard of such an incident before in my many years as an officer," said LeBlanc. Police took the woman to the hospital for a medical assessment. According to LeBlanc, she suffered minor injuries from scaling the fence. The 37-year-old woman is a resident of the Fall River, a small suburban community southwest of the airport. LeBlanc said her husband was not a passenger on any plane and criminal charges are unlikely. The airport is conducting a full review of their security measures, according to Spurway. "This is a very rare occurrence. I have been here over eight years and this has never happened," he said. Man jumps Tampa airport fence, taken into custody. 'Inebriated' man, cross-dressed man jump airport fences in Newark, Phoenix.
(CNN) -- A fatal train derailment south of Paris was caused by a part disconnecting from the switching mechanism on the tracks, the head of the French national railway company said Saturday.|||Six people were killed and 22 others injured late Friday afternoon when four cars of the train, a regional service bound for the city of Limoges, went off the track at Bretigny-sur-Orge station. On Saturday night, officials said the death toll was definitive. "We are now sure that there are no additional victims," said Michel Fuzeau, the prefect for the Essonne department. A train car that was lying on its side at the station was lifted up and then inspected by firefighters and police, who did not find any additional victims, Fuzeau said. Various government officials and authorities had earlier given conflicting death tolls. A moment's silence for the victims was to be observed at noon Saturday at rail stations and on trains across France, said Guillaume Pepy, president of the railway company SNCF. Services have been suspended on the line where the accident occurred, Pepy said. Footage from the station Friday showed a scene of devastation, with the derailed train cars twisted and crumpled across the platform and track. Rescue workers searched the wreckage for the dead and injured. French President Francois Hollande visited the scene of the derailment Friday, when he praised the work of emergency responders. Hollande, who said he'd traveled on the route before, announced three investigations: a judicial inquiry, an internal inquiry within SNCF and an inquiry that will be handled by the country's transport ministry. The train was carrying about 370 people at the time of the incident. Alain Krakovitch, responsible for rail service safety and quality at SNCF, told BFMTV that the train was traveling at a normal speed when it reached Bretigny-sur-Orge about 20 minutes after its departure from Paris Austerlitz. The train and station platform were busy with travelers on what is a holiday weekend in France. A passenger in the first car of the train, whose name was given only as Laurent, told BFMTV he had felt a powerful shaking, lasting 10 to 15 seconds. Smoke was everywhere, he said. His rail car remained on the track, but the passengers could see the derailed cars behind, he said. Officials praised the swift reaction of the train's driver, which meant other train services were halted before they could hit the wreckage. "The train driver had an extraordinary reflex in immediately signaling the alert," Transport Minister Frederic Cuvillier told BFMTV. Freight train hits truck and derails in Maryland. Death toll in Canadian train disaster at 35.
(CNN) -- Members of North Korea's women's Olympic soccer team walked off the field Wednesday when the flag of South Korea was mistakenly flashed on the big screen before their match against Colombia.|||North Korea regards its neighbor as a "puppet regime" of the West and the relationship between the two nations has become increasingly strained. The London Games organizers issued a hasty apology and eventually the North Korean team returned to beat the Colombian team 2-0. Perhaps the organizers can take comfort in knowing that it's not the first time officials have bungled a flag or an anthem. Here's a recap of some notable gaffes:. The ten strangest Olympic sports. 2012 Hockey: Apartheid song plays for South African players. Last month, British field hockey authorities apologized to South Africa after an apartheid-era national anthem played before an international game. The South African women's hockey team heard its pre-1994 anthem "Die Stem" play before a game against Great Britain. The song is a sore spot for many in South Africa, because it represents a checkered part of its history of white minority rule. Great Britain hockey blamed the error on "a contractor responsible for sports presentation at the event." Afterwards, South Africa beat Great Britain 3-1 in an upset. 2012 Amir of Kuwait International Shooting Grand Prix: "Borat" parody anthem plays. A Kazakhstan sharpshooter Mariya Dmitrienko, who won gold at an international shooting championship, was stunned to hear a parody anthem from the movie "Borat" instead of her national anthem. The lyrics blared: "Kazakhstan's prostitutes cleanest in the region, except of course Turkmenistan's." During the awkward award ceremony, Dmitrienko managed to remain steady. Kuwait Shooting Federation officials called it an "unintentional" mistake. And the head coach of the Kazakh team said they were told their nation's anthem was downloaded from the internet. Euro 2008: Banned Nazi lyrics plays to German national anthem. Banned Nazi lyrics ran as subtitles to the German national anthem before a Euro 2008 soccer match. The lyrics were banned after World War II as it starts with "Germany, Germany, above everything else in this world." The subtitles ran live on Swiss TV and on the giant screens around the country, prompting fans to jeer, and toss beer and food at the screens. The snafu was blamed on researchers who copied the lyrics from the internet before the match between Germany and Austria, the Austrian Times reported. Swiss TXT, a company that provided the subtitles, apologized and called it "an embarrassing mistake," reported ESPN. The confusion could've occurred because German's national anthem is the same song, minus the first two stanzas, which were believed to promote Nazi ideals. Germany won the game 1-0. 1992 World Series: Oh Canada? During Game 2 of the World Series between the Atlanta Braves and the Toronto Blue Jays, the Canadian flag was displayed upside-down. The U.S. Marine Corps marched onto the field with an upside-down maple leaf, much to the chagrin of Blue Jays fans and Canadians. The incident sparked so much controversy that then-President George H.W. Bush issued two apologies to the Canadian people, according to the Los Angeles Times. The Marine Corps took full responsibility for the gaffe. The error occurred because the Marines had been provided the Canadian flag at the last-minute, according to the 1992 report. At the end, the Canadian team defeated the American one, becoming the first team from outside the United States to win the World Series. And just this week... Taiwan's flag was removed from London's flag display. The Republic of China, also known as Taiwan, competes in the Olympics as Chinese Taipei and uses a special flag just for the games. It cannot use the Taiwanese flag or play its anthem at Olympic venues, as mandated by a 1981 accord with the International Olympics Committee, stemming from sovereignty disputes with China. But Taiwan's flag hung over Regents Street in London along with 205 other flags of the countries represented in the Olympics. The flag display is run by a neighborhood civic group, not the Olympic committee. Earlier this week, Taiwan's flag was removed, reported the Taipei Times. There was no reason given for its removal. But the Central News Agency reported that Taiwan's Olympic flag will be placed on the street display, instead of its flag. Calls to the Republic of China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not returned. Olympic mascots: Cute or creepy? CNN's Alexis Lai contributed to this report.
FUMICINO, Italy (CNN) -- Under a canopy of elegant Italian pines, the foundations of a mini Roman Coliseum are at once unmistakable and exhilarating.|||The intricate statue head archeologists unearthed while excavating the site at Fumicino, Italy in early 2009. The structure at "Portus," the Romans' ancient Mediterranean port, has remained undiscovered for eighteen centuries until now. University of Southampton archaeologists have just this summer uncovered the remains of an amphitheater, a Roman warehouse and the ruins of an Imperial palace even though archaeologists have been digging at this site since the 19th Century. "It's true I think also to say that we have kind of rediscovered it because the great Italian archaeologist Rodolfo Lanciani reported the discovery of a theater in the 1860s but nobody could actually find it," says Professor Simon Keay, a leading expert on Roman Archaeology at the University of Southampton.  Watch a report on the site's discovery ». "There is only one imperial Rome, and Rome only had one imperial port and Portus is that port. In a sense it is trying to give an idea not only of the importance by virtue of that but also because the archaeological potential of it is huge," adds Keay. The site is a feast for the eyes in the true Roman sense. Excavations have unearthed priceless treasures apart from the foundations of the amphitheater.  See images of the site ». An exquisite white marble head of a statue was found close to the site of the amphitheater. Experts believe it could be a bust of Ulysses or possibly a Greek sailor. Rare and finely carved fragments of columns have also been found. "When we first started the project, everything you would have seen here was grass, a couple of trees," explains Keay. "We very nearly fell into a hole because we couldn't actually see what we were doing. Clearly we have completely exposed this area and because these buildings are so big it is only by uncovering large areas of them that we can actually understand their function and their development," says Keay. The site is ironically less than a mile from Rome's modern transport hub, Fumicino International Airport, and this discovery owes more than a nod to modern technology. Using modern sensors, ground-penetrating radar and probes, researchers complied computer images of what lay beneath. They were dazzled by what modern technology revealed about the ancient past. "So we then played around with it on the computer screen, we did a virtual reconstruction of it and amphitheater shape grew out of the screen and we knew that we were on to something very special," says Keay. The excavations in Fumicino, Italy, just outside Rome, continue in a joint project named "Portus" with the University of Southampton, the British School at Rome, The Italian Archaeological Superintendency for Ostia and the University of Cambridge.
London (CNN) -- With her lashings of butter and flirtations with the camera, celebrity chef Nigella Lawson has charmed her many fans by turning everyday cooking into a more sensual experience.|||Her licking of her fingers as she talks viewers through her recipes have earned her nicknames such as "domestic goddess" and the "queen of food porn" in the British media. But her successful cooking career has not been mirrored in her personal life lately. Her 10-year marriage to millionaire art collector Charles Saatchi has collapsed since photos of the couple having an argument at a restaurant emerged in June. In the photos -- which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers at the time -- Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson's throat. Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault, and the couple announced they would divorce soon after. Now Saatchi is set to take the stand in the trial of the couple's two former personal assistants, who are accused of defrauding them of hundreds of thousands of pounds. They deny the charge. In a pre-trial hearing, the defense read an e-mail from Saatchi to Lawson about the allegedly embezzled money, saying that the assistants would "get off" because, he wrote, Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked." Representatives for Lawson declined to comment on the allegations, citing the ongoing court proceedings. Born in London, Lawson, 53, is the daughter of a former Conservative Party British Chancellor of the Exchequer -- or finance minister -- Nigel Lawson. Her brother Dominic was formerly editor of The Spectator, a British conservative political magazine. Before she married him, Saatchi ran Saatchi & Saatchi, a leading global advertising agency, with his brother in the 1980s. Its campaigns included the promotion of the Conservative Party under Margaret Thatcher. After studying at Oxford University, the celebrity chef began her career in publishing before moving into media, writing restaurant columns. She met her first husband, John Diamond, while working at the Sunday Times newspaper. The couple had two children. In 2001, Diamond died after a battle with throat cancer. Lawson went on to contribute to various UK newspapers before writing books. In 1998, she brought out "How to Eat," in which she stated how food was an early love. "I am not a chef. I am not even a trained or professional cook. My qualification is as an eater," she wrote. Her second book -- "How to be a Domestic Goddess," in which she taught readers how to feel just like that while baking muffins or cakes -- came out two years later and won her the British Book Award for Author of the Year. Lawson went on to release a string of other successful cookbooks as well as host numerous cooking television shows, such as "Nigella Bites" in Britain. In the United States, she's been a judge on the ABC show "The Taste" -- due to air its second season from January. She also launched a successful kitchenware range and once oversaw a lunch menu for former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and former U.S. President George W. Bush. Lawson lists her recipes on her website and posts them on her Twitter account.
Beijing (CNN) -- Liu Ming Xing is a student at Jin Wei Elementary School, where her favorite class is music.|||The 13-year-old loves the class. "It makes me feel good," she said. And she says about her school life at Jin Wei: "This place is good, I like it. I want to stay here." But she may have to leave. Liu's family migrated to the Beijing from the countryside for work, and Jin Wei is a school for migrants. But the surrounding community, once filled with families like Liu's, is under pressure as the government began dismantling the neighborhood to make way for new development. The school, funded by migrant parents, may soon close. "The children of the rural migrants won't be able to continue to attend school in this area," said human rights lawyer Zhang Zhiqiang, referring to the area where Liu's family lives. In China, families are registered as rural or urban. When rural migrants move to the cities they live in a twilight zone: They can't access healthcare, social security or even public education as part of the nation's "hukou" system, which requires household registration. Migrant workers still must be registered in their rural town of origin, not the city to which they move -- which keeps public services out of reach for many who have flocked to cities for work. "What makes this bad is that it violates the rights of migrants to live and work here," Zhang said. "Secondly, and more importantly, it violates children's rights to get compulsory education because when parents are forced to move back to their hometown. Beijing has made urbanization a main goal for increasing domestic consumption and closing the wealth gap. Hundreds of millions have moved to the cities from the countryside in search of jobs. Last year, the urban population of the world's most populous nation exceeded the rural population for the first time, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. But activists say that the government's own policies are forcing these migrants out of cities and creating an underclass in China. About 250 million people -- equivalent to about 80% of the population of the U.S. -- are migrant workers in China. It's the children of migrant workers, like Liu, who are often hardest hit. "They don't have a lot of connections back home. Their kids don't speak much of local dialect," Zhang said. "The government is forcing these people to move elsewhere without understanding their difficulties." But registration of children is tied to their parents, so children of migrant workers eventually will have to return to their parents' home village to register and continue their education. Beijing has pledged to reform the hukou system but is hampered because many social services are funded by local cities rather than the national government. "The government is trying. They're definitely making efforts, they realize that this is a big problem," William Nee of the China Labour Bulletin said. "The problem is the finances of the health care scheme and education are all done at the local level, so I think it's very difficult for the government at the national level to say, 'Okay, let's just reform the hukou system'." The political cost of reforming the hukou system is onerous. "The mayors and party secretaries of many major cities are concerned that if hukou is freed up, there will be a huge fiscal burden in providing services for these migrants," said Yukon Huang, senior associate of the Carnegie Endowment and former World Bank director of China. "If you ask the residents, the established residents of the major cities, they would say I don't want more people coming, this may mean fewer job opportunities for us," Huang added. "They also associate inflows of migrant workers in terms of crime, pollution or congestion. So this is going to be a political issue. And I think it is a political issue that requires very careful management," he said. "China has been very successful in avoiding some of what I call 'the urban sprawls' in places like Calcutta or Manila or even Bangkok. In that sense, it's going to be a new challenge for China." If reform is on the horizon, it may come too late for Liu's family, who is watching their neighborhood being torn down as her father recovers from heart disease. "I just hope that my father can get well as soon as possible and that we will be okay," said Liu, breaking down in tears. CNN's Kristie Lu Stout and CY Xu contributed to this report.
HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- A man named Ernesto pressed an old-fashioned radio to his ear, listening to a baseball game roughly 5,000 miles away.|||Ernesto listens to the Baseball World Cup gold medal game by radio in Havana. The U.S. beat Cuba 10-5. "Oh, it's already over," he groaned, listening to the staccato play-by-play of Sunday's Baseball World Cup championship. In the gold-medal game, played in Nettuno, Italy, team USA defeated Cuba, 10-5, to wrap up the World Cup played this year throughout Europe. In the winning country, that news likely was overshadowed in most places by Major League Baseball, professional football, or dozens of other sports stories that developed on Sunday. But in Cuba, where baseball is as much a source of national pride as it is a game, the Baseball World Cup was big news. Reverberations of that last out in Italy could be felt as far away as Havana's central park, where a daily gaggle of baseball fans often provide for the country's liveliest debate. "The American pitching was strong," said Ernesto, still listening to the crackle and pop of his radio. "But Cuban batters were not as good," he added. For the widely anticipated match-up, Havana residents holed up in their homes Sunday afternoon to watch their national team take on their northern neighbor on TV. Those without televisions huddled around a small radio in the capital's central park, appearing to hang on every broadcasted pitch. "Strike three!" the radio sputtered as another Cuban batter was retired by U.S. starter Cory Luebke, who tallied seven strike-outs in four-and-a-third innings. He prompted a near-unison groan among the group. The United States, led by Los Angeles Dodgers prospect Lucas May, scored early and often as May put the Americans ahead with a second inning three-run home run. The Cubans refused to go quietly, rallying in the fourth inning and scoring two runs on three singles. A two-run blast by Cuban first baseman Ariel Borrero in the sixth inning tied the game at 4-4 before a salvo of U.S. hits in the seventh drove in six runs, enough  to secure the American win. For team USA, the contest capped a 14-game winning streak that began after a first-round loss to Venezuela. Sunday's win is only the fourth U.S. championship in World Cup competition, with Americans having previously earned gold in 1973, 1974 and 2007. For the Cubans, whose teams have brought home gold in 25 of the last 30 Baseball World Cup championships their country has played in, it was time to start looking ahead in quintessential baseball philosophy. "They won it this year, but we will win it the next," said one Havana resident who declined to give his name. Long a baseball powerhouse, Cuba has never finished out of the top three in World Cup competition, according to International Baseball Federation spokesman Jake Fehling. But million-dollar contracts in professional baseball often have lured away top Cuban prospects and depleted national team talent, pulling star athletes such as Orlando "El Duque" Hernandez and Jose Contreras away from state salaries at home. Cuban pitcher Ardoldis Chapman, who defected in July during a national trip to the Netherlands, is the latest example of top Cuban players seeking the bigger payoffs of major-league salaries. Chapman, a lefty who reportedly throws over 100 mph, has sparked rumors of a potential bidding war among top major-league franchises. Residents in Havana's central park, however, were unwilling Sunday to say more than a few words about the loss of star talent. "If they leave, they leave," Ernesto said, still clinging to his radio. Players come and go, but in Cuba, baseball -- and baseball talk -- is one steadying constant. And in Havana's central park, the talk of Sunday's game -- the talk of baseball -- buzzed on, long after the last pitch was thrown.
Producer's note: Everyone's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment.|||But now, through Kickstarter, a company called Siva Cycle has created a new device to make sure this never happens to you again. It's cheap. It's practical. And it's remarkably low-tech. We spoke to them via Skype, and they showed us how it all works.
Ralph Baer, the inventor of the first home video game console, has died. He was 92.|||His family confirmed the death, at his home in Manchester, New Hampshire, to the New York Times. Baer was an engineer with a defense contractor in 1966 when he began toying with the concept of playing games on a television. The German native, whose Jewish family moved to the United States before World War II, patented several video game prototypes. The "Brown Box" would go on to become the Magnavox Odyssey, the first commercially available home gaming system. The Odyssey was released in 1972 and ran a tennis game that predated, but was similar to Atari's Pong. According to the Times, Baer was waiting for a friend at a bus terminal in New York City when an idea gripped him and he began scribbling on a note pad. The idea was a "game box" that would let people to play board, action, sports and other games on most television sets. A boss at his job gave him $2,500 and two staffers to pursue the idea. Baer and his employer, Sanders Associates, would file for the first video-game patent in 1971. While his console launched what would become a multi-billion-dollar industry, his single most popular product was actually "Simon," the memory game that was released in 1978. Simon, with four colored buttons with corresponding audio tones, became an instant best-seller. Versions of it are sold to this day. By the time of his death, Baer had  more than 150 patents. He was awarded the National Medal of Technology in 2006, the same year he donated all of his prototypes and related documents to the Smithsonian Institute. Baer is survived by two sons and a daughter and four grandchildren. His wife, Dena, died in 2006.
Kung fu movie star Jackie Chan says he "takes responsibility" for the drug charges laid against his son, 32-year-old Jaycee Chan, in Beijing.|||Police detained the junior Chan, who is originally from Hong Kong and also an actor, as well as Kai Ko, a 23-year-old Taiwanese actor, during a raid on August 14 in Dongcheng district, Beijing, state media said. Both men tested positive for marijuana. Jackie Chan publicly addressed the incident for the first time on Wednesday evening, through messages posted on his account on Weibo, a Chinese microblogging platform. The star of "Rush Hour" wrote that he felt "extremely furious" and "extremely shocked" at the news of his son's drug woes, adding that Jaycee's mother is "heartbroken." "I hope that young people will see Jaycee as a cautionary tale and stay away from drugs," wrote Chan, who once campaigned against drug use and was named an anti-drugs ambassador in China in 2009. "I failed to teach my son and I should also bear responsibility. Jaycee and I deeply bow in apology to society," concluded Chan on his Weibo, which has more than 23 million followers. 'Really sorry' After detaining the young actors, police searched Jaycee Chan's apartment and found more than 100 grams of marijuana. He was also accused of "hosting others to take drugs," the state-run China Daily said. He could face three years in jail under Chinese law. State broadcaster CCTV aired footage of Chan, his face blurred, showing police where the drugs were hidden at his home, while Ko was shown making a tearful apology. "I very much regret what happened. I'm very sorry to those who support me, like me or even know me personally," he said. "I just want to tell them I'm really sorry. I've set the worst example, which had the most terrible influence. And this is a huge mistake." Celebrity targets. The two actors are being seen as the targets of the capital's latest anti-drugs campaign, which has snared more than 7,000 people for using drugs since January, a 72% year-on-year increase, according to China Daily. Celebrities are increasingly in the spotlight, with a number of high-profile arrests over drug-related incidents in recent months, including popular movie actor Zhang Mo and singer Li Daimo, who was sentenced to nine months in jail for hosting a crystal meth party at his home, according to the China Daily. Earlier this month, dozens of management agencies representing performers in the entertainment industry signed an agreement with Beijing authorities banning drug use from the industry and pledging to sack artists who break the law.
(CNN)Can anything stop Pep Guardiola's irresistible Bavarian machine?|||It doesn't look likely on this form. Five separate players scored as Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich thrashed a woeful Hamburg 8-0 at the Allianz Arena Saturday. Thomas Muller, Mario Gotze, Arjen Robben, Robert Lewandowski and Franck Ribery did the damage with Muller, Gotze and Robben each scoring twice. Bayern returns to Champions League action on Tuesday night against Shaktar Donetsk of the Ukraine but refused to rest up against its struggling northern opponents despite being three goals up at half time. The reigning German champions rolled in a further five goals after the break, maintaining its eight point lead atop the table over second placed Wolfsburg who were involved in a high scoring affair of an entirely different nature Saturday. A 93-minute goal from Bas Dost ensured Die Wolfe claimed a dramatic 5-4 victory over sixth-placed Bayer Leverkusen. The late strike was the Dutchman's fourth goal of a pulsating game in which Wolfsburg had led 3-0 at half time before being pegged back at 4-4 in the closing stages. Leverkusen's Heung-Min Sun also grabbed a hat-trick although the Korean's star-showing was somewhat overshadowed by Dost's match-winning heroics. In Saturday's other Bundesliga fixtures, Borussia Dortmund's mini-revival continued with a 4-2 victory at home to Mainz. The result lifts Jurgen Klopp's men up to 16th position and clear of the relegation and playoff places where it has found itself in recent weeks. There was no such joy for VFB Stuttgart, however, which remains rooted to the foot of the table after going down 2-1 to HGV Hoffenheim. Elsewhere, an injry-time header from Borussia Moenchengladbach's Granit Xhaka sealed a 1-0 win over regional rivals Cologne. However, the goal sparked scenes of anger among a group of Cologne fans dressed all in white who invaded the pitch and briefly clashed with police before order was restored.
(CNN) -- Colombians cast ballots in a hotly contested presidential vote on Sunday, but none of the five candidates running received enough support to win the election.|||In the preliminary tally, Oscar Ivan Zuluaga was in the lead with 29.3% of votes, officials said, while incumbent President Juan Manuel Santos had secured 25.6% of votes. To win a presidential election, Colombian law requires a candidate to obtain more than 50% of votes. That means Zuluaga and Santos will face off in a runoff election on June 15. A key question voters are weighing: Should Colombia's government keep negotiating with leftist guerrillas or force them to surrender? Santos was first elected in 2010 on a platform of continuing an offensive against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, leftist guerrillas that have been at war with the government for decades. But since late 2012, peace talks with the group have become a hallmark of his presidency. On Sunday, Santos said that in the second round, voters will choose "between the end of the war and a war without end." "We are going to choose between those who respect the opposition and the free press, and those who prefer intolerance," he said. Zuluaga has called for an end to the peace talks and is against giving any political space to the rebels. On Sunday, he stressed that he also wanted peace for Colombia. "Peace, yes, but peace that benefits the people," he said. "My pledge is to work for a serious, responsible and lasting peace." "The difference regarding the candidates' position in the economy and other issues is minimal, but when it comes to how to handle the guerrilla, it's abysmal," pollster Javier Restrepo told CNN last week. "Santos is advocating for a continuation of the peace talks he started in 2012, while Zuluaga's position is that there should not be a dialogue with an illegal guerrilla until its fighters surrender to government forces and lay down their weapons." Election observers from the Organization of American States said there was a high level of abstention in Sunday's vote, with around 60% of eligible voters deciding to stay home rather than cast ballots, CNN en EspaÃ±ol reported. As candidates debated the issues, a scandal involving a hacker and a video sent shockwaves through the final days of campaigning last week. The video published by the weekly news magazine "Semana" in BogotÃ¡ allegedly shows Zuluaga getting secret military information from a man who was arrested earlier this month and accused of illegal hacking activities. Zuluaga told reporters the five-minute video was "a vulgar montage" put together to smear his campaign. CNN's Mariano Castillo and CNN en EspaÃ±ol contributed to this report.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israel early Sunday released the names of the first group of Palestinian prisoners to be freed in exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, setting in motion a process that will allow the public to file objections to specific releases.|||The list features 477 names, including those of Ahlam Tamimi, serving life terms for being an accomplice in a suicide bombing at a Jerusalem restaurant, and Amneh Muna, who plotted the killing of a 16-year-old Israeli boy in 2001 and received a life sentence. Israel approved the deal Tuesday night, agreeing to release in two stages 1,027 Palestinians prisoners, including hundreds serving life sentences for attacks on Israelis. The first swap is expected to take place early this week. Twenty-seven of the prisoners are women. The second stage, which includes 550 prisoners, will occur later this year. A spokesperson for Israeli President Shimon Peres said Saturday that the pardoning process formally commenced after a Justice Ministry official submitted the requisite paperwork. Peres will allocate 48 hours to complete the procedure in order to allow public objections and petitions against the pardons. Read the list (PDF) The president is expected to voice his discomfort with the release of convicted murderers, but is unlikely to reject any of the pardon requests, spokeswoman Ayelet Frish told CNN. Any changes to the list negotiated with Hamas could potentially endanger the entire deal, she said. The most notable name not in the list is jailed Palestinian lawmaker Marwan Barghouti, who is serving five life sentences. He was convicted in an Israeli court on murder and other charges related to his role in planning attacks on Israelis during the second Intifada. Shalit has been a recurring topic in the country's national dialogue. Militants captured him in June 2006 after tunneling into the Jewish state and attacking an Israeli army outpost. Israel immediately launched a military incursion into Gaza to rescue Shalit, then 19, but failed to free him. Since then, he has been held incommunicado by Hamas, which controls Gaza. Shalit's family has continuously petitioned Israeli government officials to broker a deal that would secure his release. "Everyone wants to see Gilad Shalit safe and well and back home but I think there is a real failure to understand the price that is being paid, and the price is phenomenal," said Arnold Roth, who lost his daughter Malki in the Jerusalem suicide bombing in 2001. "We are releasing people who have dedicated their lives to killing Jews and Israelis." Roth opposes the announced release of Tamimi, who was sentenced to multiple life sentences for her involvement in the August 2001 bombing of a Sbarro pizza restaurant in 2001, in which 16 people were killed. Israeli radio reported Saturday that 182 files for pardons were submitted to the president for prisoners convicted in Israeli criminal courts. Remaining pardon requests will be handled by the Israeli Defense Forces officials. On Friday, the terror victims association Almagor petitioned the Supreme Court to suspend the release until the deal is thoroughly examined. More petitions against the deal are expected to be submitted Sunday by families of victims directly affected by the prisoners on the list. The Ministry of Justice announced it will operate an information center "where information regarding prisoners on the list can be obtained." Of the male prisoners on the list, 275 will return to their homes in Gaza. Most of the rest will be sent to the West Bank or East Jerusalem. Five prisoners who are Israeli citizens can return to their homes, and 39 are to be sent abroad.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Thousands of demonstrators, mostly students, lined the streets Friday outside Sanaa University as anti-government protests continued.|||Anti-government throngs also hit the streets in Aden in southern Yemen, according to eyewitnesses. Eyewitnesses reported that security forces tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas and attacked using batons -- an account authorities disputed. The eyewitnesses said 11 demonstrators in Aden were wounded while one died of gunshot wounds. Authorities insisted no one had been killed. Protests also were reported in the cities of Taiz and Ibb. The protest in Sanaa, the capital, was countered by a pro-government demonstration on Tahrir Square, where thousands waved flags and held up pictures of President Ali Abdullah Saleh. "We are gathering in support of President Saleh's initiative and to show the international community that we are with Saleh and that the opposition does not control the streets,"  Interior Ministry spokesman Mohammed Maueri said before the demonstration. Anti-government protesters said they were looking for the regime to end. "This protest and all the following protests are for the fall of the regime," said Noman Saleem, an anti-government demonstrator. "We will not slow down until it falls. Whether it takes place today or  tomorrow, we are patient, and we will wait." Hasam Zaid, general-secretary for the opposition Haq party, said the Sanaa University gathering is a "people's protest" that isn't being coordinated by any particular political party. "We are joining the youth to be among them and not to lead them," he said. Saleh has ruled Yemen since 1978. The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising, a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water. High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty. The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom. Saleh has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections, and he has said he supports the creation of a national unity government to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections. But he has refused to step aside immediately. On Monday, he compared the anti-government protests to an illness sweeping through the region. "This is a virus and is not part of our heritage or the culture of the Yemeni people," he told reporters. "It's a virus that came from Tunisia to Egypt.  And to some regions, the scent of the fever is like influenza.  As soon as you sit with someone who is infected, you'll be infected."
(CNN)The bureau chief for Reuters in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Maria Golovnina, died Monday after falling unconscious, her employer said.|||Golovnina, 34, passed out at her office in the Pakistani capital, according to a statement from Reuters. Medical responders were unable to save her. The cause of death is being investigated, police official Mohammad Yaqoob said. "Maria was a superb journalist with a long and varied career at Reuters," the news agency said. She joined the company in 2001 as a foreign correspondent in a number of places, including London, Singapore, Moscow, Afghanistan and Iraq. She had been bureau chief for Afghanistan and Pakistan since 2013. CNN's Sophia Saifi in Islamabad, Pakistan, and Chieu Luu in Hong Kong contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Iceland will close two airports on Friday for the first time, a week after ash from an Icelandic volcano forced the shutdown of airspace over much of Europe and stranded thousands of passengers around the world, the Icelandic aviation authority announced Thursday.|||The Keflavik International Airport and Reykjavík International Airport will be closed beginning early Friday morning, the aviation authority said, according to a statement on the Keflavik airport's website. Though the ash cloud originated in Iceland, the country's airports have been spared from closure until now. Strong northwest winds had been blowing ash from the volcano, in the south of Iceland, out to sea and over Europe. "Now the winds have died down, and the cloud is lingering around Iceland," said Chris Almond, a forecaster with Britain's Met Office, the nation's national weather service. Two other Icelandic international airports, in Akureyri and Egilsstadir, will stay open to all air traffic, the aviation authority said. The ash cloud is not expected to reach those cities, which are in the north and east of the island nation. Icelandair announced Thursday that trans-Atlantic passengers from the U.S. and Europe who would have stopped in Keflavik will be rerouted Friday via Glasgow, Scotland. Icelandair said that passengers traveling to and from Iceland will have the option of being re-routed through the Akureyri airport, a four-hour drive from Reykjavík. The airline is arranging bus travel between Akureyri airport and the Reykjavík Bus Terminal. Elsewhere in Europe, most airports appeared to be open on Thursday and are expected to be open Friday. But the cloud still caused flight disruptions Thursday. The British Ministry of Defence temporarily suspended non-essential flying Thursday after volcanic ash was found on some of its Typhoon fast jets. The closure of so much European airspace for nearly a week left untold numbers of travelers stranded, and it's not clear how long it will take to get everyone home. Many airlines added or rearranged flights to try to clear the backlog. At its peak, the crisis affected 1.2 million passengers a day and 29 percent of all global aviation, according to the International Air Transport Association. It was the worst disruption of air traffic since the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States in 2001. Following those attacks, the United States closed its air space for three days, forcing Europe to postpone all transatlantic flights. The International Air Transport Association estimated earlier this week that the Icelandic volcano crisis cost airlines more than $1.7 billion in lost revenue through Tuesday. The crisis began after the volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier erupted April 14 and sent a cloud of ash into the atmosphere. By the next day that cloud had reached Europe, where authorities quickly closed the airspace over safety fears. By Tuesday, however, airlines had started to complain that the measures were too restrictive. Ash levels in most parts of Europe, they said, were low enough to allow the safe operation of flights. Scientists in Iceland said Wednesday the volcano has decreased its ash output by 80 percent compared to the first day of eruption. Armann Hoskuldsson, a volcanologist at the University of Iceland, told a briefing that the volcano's output is now "insignificant," though it will continue to be active for a while. That reduction in volcanic activity appeared to be the main reason that flights resumed operating in Europe on Wednesday, along with European countries relaxing their restrictions on flight, according to a spokeswoman for Eurocontrol, an intergovernmental body that manages European air travel. In Britain, the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) issued revised guidance on flying through volcano ash clouds, allowing airlines to conduct their own risk assessments and requiring them to report any ash damage to the authorities. The 27 countries of the European Union also agreed with Eurocontrol to split the airspace into zones based on their ash content and to allow flights in the unaffected areas, said Spanish Minister of Public Works Jose Blanco. "Airspace was being closed based on theoretical models, not on facts," said Giovanni Bisignani, director general and CEO of International Air Transport Association. "Test flights by our members showed that the models were wrong."
(CNN) -- Smarting from their first back-to-back defeats in nearly three years, Barcelona are on the defensive for a change as they approach Tuesday's Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea.|||Barcelona all but surrendered the Spanish league title with Saturday's 2-1 home loss to Real Madrid that came days after a 1-0 defeat at Stamford Bridge in the first leg. Barca defender Gerard Pique strongly rejected any suggestion that his club might be in the midst of a more deep-seated crisis, and that the losses could signal the beginning of the end of a glittering era. "A team that has won 13 trophies in three and a half years deserves more credit than that," he said. "Other teams need to win more championships before we start talking like that. We deserve respect." Coach Pep Guardiola was equally bullish in his news conference before the match, even swearing as he defended his decision to play the inexperienced Cristian Tello against Madrid. Guardiola has seen his side dominate possession against both Chelsea and Madrid yet struggle to find a way to goal, with Lionel Messi failing to add to his 63 goals for the season. "I don't know if this is the most important moment of my career as a coach," Guardiola said of the Chelsea game. "But I have always faced these challenges with a lot of optimism as I believe in my players and team." Madrid now lead the Spanish league by seven points with four games remaining, with midfielder Xavi conceding that a fourth straight title "is practically impossible." But Barcelona could still end the season as winners of the Champions League and Copa del Rey. The Catalans have already won the Club World Cup, the European Supercup and the Spanish Supercup. "We'll keep fighting, because we know that it's still in our own hands to have a good season," Xavi said on Barcelona's official website. Chelsea haven't lost in six meetings with Barcelona and won the home leg thanks to a determined defensive display and a Didier Drogba goal just before half time. Guardiola has the option of restoring Pique to his starting lineup to combat Drogba's strength, having sprung a surprise by leaving the Spain international out of both the first leg and the game against Madrid. Pique said he isn't taking it personally. "For me, the important issue isn't whether I play tomorrow," he said. "For me, the main thing is that we win and reach the final. "It is a new situation for me because I'm used to playing and in the last matches I have not had a chance to play. But it's a technical decision of the manager and I have to respect that." Barcelona go into Tuesday's match having won their last 15 home matches in the Champions League. Chelsea, meanwhile, have only won once on the road in Europe this season. But Chelsea have found a unity under interim coach Roberto di Matteo that seemed to be lacking under previous manager Andre Villas Boas, and they are unbeaten in 13 of 14 matches since the Italian took charge. "His message is clearly aimed at team spirit -- fighting," Chelsea striker Fernando Torres told the UEFA website. "You have to fight and then your talent will come through afterwards. When all of that comes together, you'll overcome your opponent most of the time." That was never more evident than in Chelsea's first leg performance. Barcelona had 72% of the possession and six shots on target. Chelsea had one -- Drogba's goal. "Many teams who play Barcelona think that you have to steal the ball from them, but I don't think that's possible," Torres said. "You have to use different weapons against them. If you want to steal the ball, you won't manage it and you'll get tired, and then create more space for your opponent." Barcelona's last Champions League exit in 2010 came in the semifinal at the hands of Jose Mourinho's Inter Milan side, which won the first leg 3-1 before producing an ultra-defensive display at the Camp Nou to win 3-2 on aggregate. But Di Matteo said he won't send his side out to play for a goalless draw. "The tie is half time, it's 50-50. Both teams still have the same chance to go through," he said. "I do think we will have to try to score."
(CNN) -- YouTube is a source of entertainment and news for billions around the world, but Pakistanis have lost access to the video site for almost a year after clips of the controversial film "Innocence of Muslims" prompted a government ban.|||That ban will be challenged for the first time in court Wednesday -- and activists, as well as artists, some of whose careers were launched on YouTube, are keeping their fingers crossed. Rapper, singer and songwriter Adil Omar is a musician that has relied on social networking sites to launch his career. Even without a record label, he successfully used YouTube to reach both a domestic and international audience -- collaborating with international artists like Cypress Hill, Everlast, Xzibit and guitarist Slash from Guns 'N Roses. Producer of anti-Islam film on supervised release. YouTube "has put me out there internationally. I've worked with major artists, been in the mainstream press," Omar said. But soon after the YouTube ban, response to his album plummeted. "I'm getting about a tenth of the promotion I was getting before and I have about a tenth of the sales I was initially getting," he said. Numbers on YouTube reflect his comment. Omar's last major single "Paki Rambo," released before the YouTube ban, generated more than 320,000 hits. One of his first singles after the ban got just over 30,000 clicks. Protests erupted across the Arab world last year when trailers for "Innocence of Muslims," an anti-Islam film that mocks the prophet Mohammed, appeared online. YouTube is not the only social media website that was taken away from Pakistani Web users. Facebook, Twitter and Tumblr all have been banned in the past. The recent ban on YouTube, however, is the longest-running act of online censorship in Pakistan's history. Bytes for All, an organization that fights for digital rights in Pakistan, has worked to lift this censorship -- running a poster campaign, filing petitions and writing to the U.N. Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Expression. "We do not need dictatorial nannies to tell people what to watch and what not to watch and what decision to take and how to take it. Because after all, it's a democracy. It's not a dictatorship anymore," said Furhan Hussain from Bytes for All. The ban on YouTube "is in direct violation of the constitution of Pakistan. It violates the fundamental human rights of freedom of expression and freedom of access to information of the citizens of Pakistan," he said. CNN reached out for comment repeatedly to Pakistan's minister of information technology but got no response. Omar, like the activists from Bytes for All, hopes the ban will be lifted soon. "What I'd like to see happen is for YouTube to open up again. For Pakistani artists and musicians to be able to earn money again and make a living ... to be able to reach an international audience again."
(CNN) -- Michigan and federal authorities will coordinate their criminal investigations into a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that killed 22 people in that state and 64 people total nationwide, the Michigan attorney general and the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts said Monday in Detroit.|||However, Michigan -- which had the most deaths of any single state in the 2012 outbreak -- will let its own grand jury in the case take a "temporary pause" in the probe of the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said. The Michigan grand jury hasn't announced any indictments and its six-month term is set to expire soon, though a judge could call it back, Schuette said. He emphasized his agreement with the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts, Carmen Ortiz, saying it will ensure state investigators see the evidence that a federal grand jury in Boston is seeing, and vice versa. "This will help us reach our mutual goal: to secure justice for victims of fungal meningitis," Schuette said. "... By working together we can ensure our investigative efforts are not duplicated." The outbreak, thought to be caused by tainted steroid injections from the New England Compounding Center, infected 751 people in 20 states last year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported. More than 260 of the infected were Michigan citizens, Schuette said. Massachusetts cracks down on compounding pharmacies. The company filed for bankruptcy last December. A state pharmacy board also voted to permanently revoke the company's license to operate as well as the licenses of the company's three principal pharmacists. No one has yet been charged in the case, said Ortiz, who appeared with Schuette at a news conference in Detroit Monday morning. She declined to discuss details of the investigation, but said she is confident in the direction it is going. Symptoms of fungal meningitis can include headache, fever, nausea, stiff neck, new weakness or numbness anywhere in the body, slurred speech, pain or swelling at the injection site and sensitivity to light, according to the CDC. What is a compounding pharmacy? Compounding pharmacists customize medications to fit an individual's needs. Doctors prescribe these custom medications when the manufactured drug won't work -- for example, when a dosage is too large, or a patient has an allergy to a dye or ingredient in the commonly available product. 8th case of meningitis confirmed at Princeton.
Washington (CNN) -- A Marine shot and killed two of his fellow service members at a Virginia base Thursday night and then apparently killed himself, base officials said.|||The incident took place at Marine Corps Base Quantico. The shooter gunned down a man and a woman, the spokesmen said. All are Marines -- permanent personnel assigned to the officer candidate school. Authorities did not disclose a motive and were investigating the incident. The identities of the victims were not immediately disclosed as authorities worked to notify next of kin. "It's been a long night," Col David Maxwell, the base commander, said Friday. The incident shocked the military community. It comes as the Corps grieves over another tragedy: the deaths of seven U.S. Marines in a training exercise in Nevada on Monday. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel "was saddened to learn of the shootings at Marine Corps Base Quantico," Pentagon spokesman George Little said Friday. "This tragedy, as well as the tragedy in Nevada earlier this week, took the lives of Marines who volunteered to serve their nation. His heart and his prayers are with them and their families. He believes that the legendary strength of the United States Marine Corps will ensure that they are forever remembered," Little said. Base lockdown. Early Marine accounts said the notification of the shooting came late Thursday when authorities found one dead victim. Using a public address system, police announced a lockdown at the base and surrounded the building where the suspect was believed to be barricaded. They ordered everyone to stay in their homes, doors locked, they said. Authorities from the base and Prince William County, Virginia, surrounded the shooter, who was in a barracks not far from where the first shooting occurred. Law enforcement officials entered the barracks two hours later and discovered the shooter dead, apparently of a self-inflicted wound. The female victim was in the room with him, fatally shot. The lockdown ended early Friday, a few hours after it started. As dawn rose over the base, Maxwell told reporters that there were no barricades or a standoff but did not elaborate. The incident was confined to a single barracks at the candidate school. He said "quick" police reaction helped resolve the situation, first reported at 10:30 p.m. via an emergency call. Soon, security was heightened and a mass notification was issued throughout the base. Base restrictions were lifted a few hours later. Others in the officer candidate school were "accounted for and safe." "As we take care of our Marines and their families that are dealing with this tragedy, I'd also ask for the support of our neighbors, the community, and their thoughts and prayers as well for our Marines who have lost their comrades-in-arms," Maxwell said. Quantico, a historic hothouse of Marine ideas and training. Visitors to the base will see a grand statue: the Iwo Jima Monument. It gives all who enter pause about the important role the base has played training generations of Marines in forging military doctrine and fighting America's wars. The statue depicts the historic flag-raising on Mount Suribachi, on the Japanese island of Iwo Jima, during the famous World War II battle there. The Quantico base, started during World War I, has been integral in training, education and forging military doctrine for America's battles. Early on, amphibious warfare was, the corps said, "conceived and perfected" there. The Marines there came up with the idea "of carrying troops from ship to shore by helicopter." Now, it's home to the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory, which conducts experiments in modern warfare. "This is perhaps the only command whose mission touches the farthest reaches of the Corps; decisions made here impact Marines aboard ship, fighting in the Global War on Terrorism, on guard duty at embassies across the globe and reserve duty throughout the United States," the Marines said. Federal agencies, such as the Drug Enforcement Administration and the FBI, share training facilities there. The base also has a reputation across popular culture as a key national security training location. Jack Ryan, writer Tom Clancy's well-known character in novels and films, for example, took officer training there. CNN's Jason Hanna and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report.
Dorchester, Massachusetts (CNN) -- President Barack Obama insisted Tuesday that education spending needs to be spared from the growing drive for fiscal austerity, telling an audience of students and teachers in Massachusetts that cutbacks would ultimately prove self-defeating.|||"We need to come up with a budget that forces government to live within its means," Obama said. But we "cannot cut back on job-creating investments like education." The president stressed the need for blending public education reform -- including greater accountability -- and higher spending. "We have a moral and economic imperative to give every child a chance to succeed," he declared. "A budget that sacrifices our commitment to education is a budget that sacrifices our country's future." Obama delivered his remarks at TechBoston Academy in Dorchester, a largely minority urban Boston neighborhood with traditionally higher unemployment and other economic woes. The academy, which opened in 2002 as a partnership between the public schools, private business and philanthropists, boasts a graduation rate roughly 20 percentage points higher than schools in the Boston area as a whole. Ninety-four percent of students from TechBoston's most recent graduating class went on to college. The president praised the school -- which has a longer academic year and strict academic requirements -- as a model for the rest of the country. Obama's proposed budget for fiscal year 2012 includes an 11% hike in federal education spending, to more than $77 billion. A number of GOP congressional leaders are seeking to reduce federal spending on education, with many arguing it should be primarily a state and local concern. Among other things, the administration has made a pledge to prepare an additional 100,000 science, technology, math and engineering teachers by the end of the decade. The White House also is pushing to make permanent the American Opportunity Tax Credit, which is worth up to $10,000 for four years of college. Obama has also asked Congress for $900 million for a new round in the Race to the Top competition, which rewards states and localities that meet the administration's standards for educational innovation and outcomes. CNN's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- If you frequent the pistes of the French Alps, you may see more than just skiers and snowmen scattered around the trails below. For the last 10 years, British artist Simon Beck has been decorating snow-covered lakes and mountainsides with massive geometric designs, often based on fractal patterns, using his footsteps as his implement.|||Beck's snow drawings have attracted attention and opportunity beyond the Les Arcs ski resort in France where he got his start. This year alone, he's delivered TED Talks in Austria and Cyprus, collaborated with New Zealand clothing brand Icebreaker on a series of garments, and has seen his international Facebook following grow to 280,000. Now he adds Snow Art, a book of over 200 photos he has taken of his work, to his list of accomplishments. From engineering, to orienteering, to art. Beck's journey to art was unconventional. He was working as an orienteering cartographer when he made his first snow drawing, and before that the Oxford graduate was an engineer. He created his first snow drawing, a star on a lake near his apartment at Les Arcs, to pass the time after a day of skiing in 2004. "When I did my first drawing, I had no idea how good it was going to look," he says. "It's just so unusual and unique. No one else is doing anything like it." But it wasn't until five years ago, when he recognized the toll that his frequent orienteering trips had taken on his feet, that he started to take his drawings seriously. "I realized that it would probably be better to do something a bit easier than orienteering, and do something less painful," he says. Snow drawing went from an occasional hobby to his primary form of exercise during the winter months. One hundred and fifty snow drawings later, quite a few things have changed. Where he was once restricted to scouting locations and photographing his work from mountain tops and ski lifts, he can now afford to work out of an aircraft if he chooses; instead of winter boots, he now wears snowshoes. His work has gone from a fairly solitary pleasure to something enjoyed by thousands online. However, his techniques have remained the same. Beck still walks as many as 30 km across distances as large as six soccer fields, counting each pace as he would while orienteering, armed with nothing but a compass and a map he designed himself. A single drawing can still take as long as 12 hours to realize. But he now has his art down to science. Beck knows the best terrain (thoroughly frozen lakes), the best time to shoot (just before the drawing goes into shadow at the end of the day), and the best conditions (sunny, at least one foot of snow). He can now shift his focus from creating the perfect drawing to pushing himself creatively. Exploring new territory. Earlier this year, Beck spent time in New Zealand and Somerset Beach in the UK creating sand drawings, raking complex designs into the sand to be washed away by encroaching tides. Fans have suggested that he try his hand at working in mud or deserts, or even try mowing a lawn, but he'd most like to try his hand at creating crop formations. He'd also like to start exploring more remote lakes in the towns surrounding the Alps, like Zermatt, Switzerland. "And there are other places I'd just like to (try) because of the location, like Central Park in New York. I'd love to do a drawing there, or on the grounds of the White House, Buckingham Palace gardens, or the parks in London," he adds. "If you ever got the conditions to be right, it would be fantastic to go and do something like that, and get famous buildings in the background." Snow Art by Simon Beck (S-Editions) is available for purchase online at snowart.gallery. When art, design and a whole load of plants collide. Art works that mess with your sense of scale. World's 'most complicated' watch sells for record $24.4 million.
BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN) -- Preliminary DNA tests indicate a 3-year-old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels, Colombian officials announced Friday.|||Clara Rojas appears in a video released by the kidnappers in July 2002. "There is a very high probability that Juan David belongs to the family of Clara Gonzalez de Rojas," Mario Iguaran Arana, the country's chief federal prosecutor, said at a news conference. The boy, known as "Emmanuel," has been at the center of a hostage drama that raised hopes the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia would liberate some of their hostages. The rebel group, known as FARC for its Spanish acronym, had agreed to release three hostages as part of a deal brokered by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez. FARC said it would release Emmanuel along with his mother, Clara Rojas, and another woman, Consuelo Gonzalez, but the mission to free the captives fell apart December 31, when the rebel group said it could not release the hostages because of Colombian military operations in the area, according to a FARC statement Chavez read on Venezuelan television. Colombian President Alvaro Uribe denied the group's assertion, saying there were no combat operations in the area near the rebels, and he said the rebels could not release the three hostages because they did not have Emmanuel in custody. He raised the possibility that Emmanuel, who was born in captivity to Rojas, was living in a foster home in the Colombian capital of Bogota. Authorities in Colombia suspect the FARC duped child-welfare authorities by presenting the boy as a child in need of foster care in 2005, he said. On Friday, Iguaran Arana said initial DNA results will be checked against tests being done in European labs to verify the child's identity. There was no immediate response from Venezuela after the announcement concerning Emmanuel's DNA. However, a statement on the Venezuelan government's Web site from earlier Friday said the Colombian government had not allowed Venezuela to participate in the DNA testing. Established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party, FARC is Colombia's oldest, largest, most capable and best-equipped Marxist rebel group, according to the U.S. Department of State. The United States, the European Union and Colombia classify it as a terrorist group. FARC has justified hostage-taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long-running and complex civil war that also has involved right-wing paramilitary units, government forces and drug traffickers. Fighting has waned, but not stopped, in recent years. Among the group's hostages are three American contractors who were captured when their plane went down in 2003 during a drug-eradication flight, and Ingrid Betancourt, a French-Colombian independent presidential candidate who was kidnapped in 2002. Rojas was kidnapped in 2002 while she managed Betancourt's campaign. Betancourt is perhaps the best-known captive in Colombia, a country plagued by kidnapping.  E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- Last winter, the Chicago Crime Commission and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration named Mexican billionaire Guzman Loera the city's "Public Enemy No. 1." Also known as "Shorty," Guzman heads the world's largest narcotics operation, the infamous Sinaloa cartel, and allegedly pushes 1,500 to 2,000 kilograms of cocaine through Chicago each month.|||The commission's executive vice president, Arthur Bilek, said "because of the direct link between the violence of the street gangs and the narcotics business, it can be said that Guzman's fingerprints are on the guns used in many of the shootings plaguing Chicago today." We don't know if Guzman has ever been in Chicago, but The New York Times magazine reported he calls Chicago his cartel's "home port." The head of the city's DEA's office, Jack Riley, says the Sinaloa cartel causes so much havoc in Chicago that Guzman deserves the title. The only other time Chicago police took the step of designating a Public Enemy No. 1 was in 1930, when it targeted Al Capone. The gangster used the city as the hub for his various illegal activities, and authorized violent crimes to enforce his rule. Yet when law enforcement managed to put Capone behind bars, it wasn't for his brutal acts. The only serious offense they could make stick was Capone's income tax evasion. Crimes have changed with the times. Today, suspected drug lords like Guzman and Zeta cartel boss Miguel Ã.
Washington (CNN) -- An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, the Justice Department announced Thursday.|||Paul Schlesselman of West Helena, Arkansas, faces 10 years in prison under a plea agreement reached with federal prosecutors in Tennessee. Federal officials in Washington said Schlesselman threatened to kill then-Sen. Obama on October 23, 2008, shortly before the presidential election. He also planned to "murder dozens of people with a focus on murdering African-Americans" the Justice Department said. "Despite great civil rights progress, hate-fueled violence remains all too common in our country, as illustrated by this unthinkable conspiracy," said Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez in a statement issued by his Justice Department office.
(CNN) -- As many as four African migrants from Ethiopia and Eritrea trying to cross into Israel from Egypt's Sinai desert were shot dead by smugglers and 10 others were wounded, according to state media.|||The smugglers opened fire when the group refused to pay them, according to Egypt's official MENA news agency. Egypt's interior ministry confirmed that an investigation was under way into the incident, though its casualty figures differed. An official at the ministry told CNN that two Eritreans were killed on Egypt's border with Israel, and that three people were wounded. Fifteen others were arrested by Egyptian border police. In total, the group consisted of three-dozen African migrants attempting to flee into Israel, the official said.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Comedian Conan O'Brien returns to the late-night television circuit Monday with a much-anticipated new show.|||Actors Seth Rogen and Lea Michele will be guests on the first episode of "Conan," which airs Monday at 11 p.m. ET on TBS. But the veteran host is keeping mum about a mystery guest -- the winner of an online poll. A guest lineup schedule posted on the new show's website says: "You clicked and we listened! Who will be the poll winner: The Pope? The Sultan Of Brunei? Nobel Prize in Chemistry winner Gerhard Ertl? WATCH AND FIND OUT!" There's one person who probably won't be taking the stage in O'Brien's Burbank, California, studio any time soon: Jay Leno. "He can come as the musical guest, because that I want to see... No, there are certain things I will not do, regardless of the price," O'Brien said in an interview in the December issue of Playboy. Will Conan O'Brien live up to the 'Conan' hype? O'Brien has been off the air since January, when NBC canceled Leno's primetime hour after disappointing ratings led to an affiliate revolt. NBC paid O'Brien and his staff an estimated $40 million to clear the way for Leno to return to the "Tonight Show" host chair he handed off to O'Brien last year. The settlement left O'Brien free to launch a competing show after September 1, 2010. TBS announced plans to bring O'Brien onboard in April. The cable network is owned by Turner Broadcasting, the same company that owns CNN. The ouster of O'Brien after just seven months on the show stirred his friends and fans -- dubbed Team CoCo -- to launch a variety of anti-NBC protests. Actors Tom Hanks, Jon Hamm and Michael Cera are among the guests slated to appear during the first week of O'Brien's new show. Musical guests Jack White, Soundgarden and Fistful of Mercy are also scheduled to perform. From 1993 to 2009, O'Brien hosted "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" on NBC. He is also a former editor of the Harvard Lampoon and writer for "Saturday Night Live" and "The Simpsons."
(CNN)  -- The death toll from severe storms in northern Arkansas has been lowered to one person, emergency officials said early Saturday.|||Officials had initially said three people were killed when the storm and possible tornadoes walloped Van Buren County on Friday. The number of injuries in the county was also less than previously reported, said Rene Preslar, a spokeswoman for the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management. There were 10 people injured in the county instead of the 25 previously reported, Preslar said. "We are still looking at a number of damages, but fortunately the human impact is lower than previously thought." A total of 23 people were injured statewide, Preslar said. CNN's Patty Lane contributed to this report.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) -- Almost overnight, a patchwork of plastic tents appeared on an empty piece of land less than 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) from the World Cup stadium as a show of force from Sao Paulo's working poor.|||In a matter of weeks, more than 3,000 families joined the squatters settlement known as the "People's Cup," hoping to use the global sporting event as a platform to pressure the government to provide low-income housing. On a recent morning, Jucilene de Oliveira was working in the communal kitchen -- a lean-to made from plastic tarps and plywood -- preparing lunch for families in her quadrant. She said her rent in Sao Paulo's East Zone nearly doubled when the stadium was being built. "We paid 700 reais ($314) on rent, then food and clothes, it was too much," she says. She, her husband and four daughters now camp out in a small tent stacked with mattresses, hoping to persuade the government to build subsidized housing on the occupied land. "We don't want anything for free, but we need something we can pay," said the young manicurist. "If we can pay 700 reais a month for rent, we could pay that in installments for a housing unit." Rising rent. During the day, the tent city is a maze of mostly empty lean-tos. New arrivals show up to pitch tents and get themselves on the list of house seekers coordinated by the Homeless Workers Movement. Sometimes it is an entire family living in a tent. In other tents, family members take turns in spending the night there. Rents in the city have risen by double digits in recent years, far outpacing the increase in minimum wage, which is $360 a month in Sao Paulo. In the East Zone, a simple two-room apartment now costs around $300. But it is hard to say whether the World Cup has had an impact on rents as the increases have been felt across the city, not just in the East Zone where the stadium was built. At night, thousands of people pour into the settlement as families return from work and others show up for the nightly assembly. They tell us they won't even watch the World Cup now. "I always liked the World Cup. I was Brazilian through and through," says one woman. "But this Cup and the stadium are making people angry." Maria das Dores takes the stage to lead the group in a rally. "Let's hear it for quadrant G1," she shouts and is greeted by a cheer from the crowd. Das Dores has been coordinating land invasions for the movement for eight years. She says the World Cup has done nothing for Brazil's lowest classes. "The World Cup and the stadium here in the East Zone aren't going to leave the legacy that was expected," she says. "The legacy is higher rents and pushing people further outside of the city to the peripheries." Popular pressure. In the protests leading up to the games, The Homeless Workers Movement has become the biggest force out on the streets of Sao Paulo, with marches of more than 10,000. They lash out at the government for spending $11 billion on the World Cup instead of schools, hospitals and public housing. All the pressure appears to have paid off. The government said this week that it is drawing up plans to build low-income housing on the land occupied by the People's Cup and that details of the project will be made public this month. But the families at the tent city say they're ready to march on the Sao Paulo stadium at a moment's notice if those guarantees fall through.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard -- who ordered jets over the Capitol amid the September 11, 2001, terror attacks -- was among those killed in a transit train crash in Washington this week, authorities said Tuesday.|||The crash killed retired Maj. Gen. David Wherley Jr., ex-leader of the D.C. National Guard, and his wife, Ann. Retired Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. and his wife, Ann, both 62, were killed along with seven others Monday in the most deadly train crash in the history of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. "He was as fine a public servant, as dedicated to the United States of America ... as anyone I have ever met," Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty told reporters Tuesday. On the morning of the September 11 attacks, Wherley, commander of the 113th Fighter Wing at Andrews Air Force Base, deployed pilots with orders from then-Vice President Dick Cheney to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol, according to the 9/11 Commission Report. "They said challenge them, try to turn them away; if they don't turn away, use whatever force is necessary to keep them from hitting buildings downtown," Wherley told the Washington Post in a 2002 interview. Wherley, a 40-year military veteran, served as the commanding general of the D.C. Guard from 2003 to 2008. "I am personally grieved by this unbelievable tragedy," said Maj. Gen. Errol R. Schwartz who succeeded Wherley when he retired.  See pictures of crash site ». The Wherleys are survived by a son, David, a noncommissioned officer in the U.S. Army Golden Knights; a daughter, Betsy; and one grandchild, according to the National Guard. The seven others killed in the collision were: train operator Jeanice McMillan, 42, of Springfield, Virginia; Mary Doolittle, 59; Lavanda King, 23; Veronica Dubose, 26; Cameron Williams, 36; and Dennis Hawkins, 64, all of Washington; and Ana Fernandez, 40, of Hyattsville, Maryland.
(CNN) -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting.|||Muntari is a practicing Muslim who, like many of the same faith around the world, is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period. The midfielder is not the only high-profile player who will be fasting, check out Fanzone's First XI of Islamic stars..
(CNN) -- A week after Facebook's bungled IPO comes fresh news to tantalize, or torment, the company's investors. The social-networking behemoth may be making a phone.|||Facebook hopes to release its own smartphone by next year, according to a New York Times report quoting anonymous sources at the company and others who have been briefed on Facebook's plans. Facebook has already hired more than half a dozen former Apple engineers who worked on the iPhone, the report said. We've heard this before. In 2010, TechCrunch reported that Facebook was building software for a phone and partnering with a third party to make the hardware. Citing their own sources, tech blog AllThingsD said last year the phone was code-named "Buffy" and would run on a version of Android modified to integrate Facebook's services. Facebook's iPhone: The most ill-fated idea since Palm Pre? But Sunday's Times report added new specifics such as an interview with a former iPhone engineer who said he recently met with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who "peppered him with questions about the inner workings of smartphones," including the types of chips used. "It did not sound like idle intellectual curiosity, the engineer said." A Facebook spokesman declined to comment on the report Monday. The company had referred the New York Times to a previous statement that said in part, "We're working across the entire mobile industry; with operators, hardware manufacturers, OS providers, and application developers." A Facebook-built smartphone could allow users to more seamlessly send messages, post updates and share photos or article links. Although it makes apps for iPhones and iPads, Facebook is still not integrated into Apple's mobile operating system, for example. The news arrives amid speculation that Facebook, facing new pressure as a public company, will need to develop fresh sources of mobile revenue and exert greater control over its mobile products as users spend more time networking on phones or tablets instead of laptops or desktops. Opinion: Was Facebook's botched IPO a conspiracy? "Mark (Zuckerberg) is worried that if he doesn't create a mobile phone in the near future that Facebook will simply become an app on other mobile platforms," a Facebook employee told the New York Times. It also comes days after rival Google closed its $12.9 billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility, a deal that could let Google make its own smartphone, too. Many tech bloggers believe such a move would be a bad idea for Facebook, in part because there's no clear-cut consumer need for a Facebook phone. Henry Blodget of Business Insider wrote that Facebook would face stiff competition in the hardware business, an area where it has no experience and where profit margins are historically low. "So instead of building a phone, which seems like a desperate move, Facebook should partner with every operating system and carrier and hardware maker it can to try to embed this social platform within every mobile platform," Blodget said. "And it should build great apps to float on top of these systems." In a post titled "It'll Be A Miracle If The Facebook Phone Doesn't Suck," TechCrunch's Alexia Tsotsis was more blunt. "Making phone hardware is hard work, much harder than anything Facebook has ever attempted in the past," she wrote. "Basically, there are a million ways this project will fail, and just one way it will work: Facebook ostensibly could succeed by tapping into the opening in the mobile market where people want an alternative to poorly designed Android phones â€” targeting people who would buy something other than an iPhone if the price point was $150 less and the design were at least a little bit more ambitious than what is currently available on Android."
London (CNN) -- British Airways and Unite -- the union representing many of the airline's cabin crew -- reached an agreement on Thursday, reducing the threat of strikes.|||The deal, announced by a Unite spokesman, signals the end of a long-running dispute between cabin crew and the airline over pay and working conditions. Unite says it will not be calling for any industrial action following the talks as BA agreed to restore travel concessions to staff who went on strike. Unite said a two-year pay rise had also been agreed, giving rises of 4% this year and 3.5% next year, subject to productivity agreements. The agreement is to be put to a ballot of around 7,000 workers, with a recommendation to accept. Industrial action would have been called within days if the deal had not been negotiated, the Press Association reported. Len McCluskey, Unite's general secretary, said in a written statement: "We always said that this dispute could only be settled by negotiation, not by confrontation or litigation. And so it has proved." A spokesman for BA said: "We are very pleased the threat of industrial action has been lifted and that we have reached a point where we can put this dispute behind us." BA's cabin crew employees have been embroiled in an ongoing wage dispute over the past two years and some 6,700 crew participated in 22-days of strikes last year. In late March, cabin crew vote by more than 8-1 to stage fresh strikes. Of the 10,000 crew polled, 83% of the 6,981 who returned valid ballot papers voted yes to strike action. But in mid-April BA and Unite agreed a 28-day extension before any further strike action was called.
A federal lawsuit filed Friday seeks to overturn portions of Texas' new abortion law, considered among the most restrictive legislation in the nation, just weeks before it takes effect.|||The lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Austin by Planned Parenthood on behalf of more than a dozen women's health care providers across Texas alleges the law violates the constitutional rights of women and puts unreasonable demands on doctors who perform abortions. The law bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation, mandates abortion clinics upgrade facilities to become ambulatory surgical centers, tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486, and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they're providing abortion services. The lawsuit specifically targets requirements under the new law that doctors obtain admitting privileges at a local hospital, usage controls on RU486 -- the so-called morning after pill -- and mandates that clinics upgrade to surgical centers. The new law "would be catastrophic, making essential reproductive health care services for many Texans, especially poor and rural women, practically impossible to access, said Nancy Northup, president and chief executive officer of the Center for Reproductive Rights. Gov. Rick Perry's spokesman said the lawsuit was not a surprise. "It's not surprising that those in the abortion business would oppose these common sense measures to protect women's health and the lives of children," said Josh Havens, the governor's spokesman. "Every abortion clinic in Texas can choose to meet these standards and continue operation. Those that don't are clearly putting profits before patients." The 20-week ban takes effect on October 29, while enforcement for the rest of the bill begins in September 2014. The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen. Wendy Davis. Perry then called the legislature into a second special session to continue consideration of the bill. Davis to run for governor.
(EW.com) -- Four new movies were no match for the feline phenom "The Lion King 3D," which ruled the box office for the second weekend in a row with $22.1 million, according to studio estimates.|||The 1994 Disney classic dropped only 27 percent -- an incredibly impressive hold considering this is the re-release of a 17-year-old film that's coming out on Blu-ray/DVD in one week. The 3-D version has now grossed $61.7 million, bringing "The Lion King"'s cumulative tally to $390.2 million. Disney says it plans to extend what was originally intended to be just a two-week release, although details are still being ironed out. The weekend's runner-up was the new Brad Pitt baseball drama "Moneyball," which batted a solid $20.6 million. If the estimate holds, that'll represent the best opening ever for a baseball film, beating 2006â€²s "The Benchwarmers" ($19.7 million). Surprisingly for a sports movie, "Moneyball" drew a crowd that was evenly split between men and women, although it skewed quite older, with 89 percent of the audience at least 25 years old. Both critics and moviegoers were fans -- the PG-13 film received some of the strongest reviews of the year and earned an "A" rating from CinemaScore participants. "Moneyball" will now try to follow in the box-office footsteps of last year's "The Social Network," which debuted to a similar $22.4 million en route to a domestic total of $97 million. Both movies were released by Sony in the middle of fall and were written by Aaron Sorkin (who co-wrote "Moneyball" with Steven Zaillian). The two films even cost around the same amount to produce: $50 million for "Moneyball" and $40 million for "Social Network." Right behind "Moneyball" was the PG-rated family drama "Dolphin Tale" with $20.3 million. The Warner Bros. film joined "Soul Surfer" and "The Help" to become the year's third release to score an "A+" from CinemaScore audiences. As a result, "Dolphin Tale" is expected to hold up particularly well in the next few weeks and should easily earn back its $37 million budget. Showings in 3-D theaters accounted for 50 percent of the film's opening. Fourth place went to Lionsgate's "Abduction," starring "The Twilight Saga"'s Taylor Lautner is his first solo lead role. The PG-13 action film debuted to a modest $11.2 million -- slightly below industry predictions. The $35 million movie received most of its business from young women, with 68 percent of the audience being female and 56 percent under than age of 25. Abduction garnered a lackluster "B-" rating from CinemaScore moviegoers, though women under the age of 18 were more generous with an "A-" grade. And according to CinemaScore, 56 percent of ticket buyers listed Lautner as their main reason for attending the movie. So the 19-year-old actor does have box-office potential, but it's currently limited to teenage girls. Finally, in fifth was the R-rated thriller "Killer Elite," which snagged a disappointing $9.5 million. The $66 million movie, starring Jason Statham, Clive Owen, and Robert De Niro, is the first picture to be released by Open Road Films, a partnership between the AMC and Regal theater chains. But despite its buzz-worthy cast, the film couldn't match the $11.4 million debut of Statham's last live-action project, January's "The Mechanic." CinemaScore graders handed "Killer Elite" a so-so "B" rating. In limited release, the action biopic "Machine Gun Preacher" -- starring Gerard Butler as real-life biker-turned-defender-of-Sudanese-orphans Sam Childers -- underwhelmed with $44,000 at four theaters. And "Puncture," featuring Chris Evans as a drug-addicted lawyer, also disappointed, grossing $35,700 from four locations. 1. The Lion King 3D -- $22.1 mil. 2. Moneyball -- $20.6 mil. 3. Dolphin Tale -- $20.3 mil. 4. Abduction -- $11.2 mil. 5. Killer Elite -- $9.5 mil. See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
(CNN Student News) -- November 11, 2011.|||Download PDF maps related to today's show:. South Korea. South Africa. Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- U.S. drone strikes in Yemen on Friday killed six militants, including two senior leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, four local security sources said.|||Qaed al-Thahab, the top AQAP leader in the country's Baitha province and described as a "high-profile target," was among those killed, the sources said. They said eight missiles were launched by two unmanned drone planes targeting vehicles. The strikes are believed to have been undertaken by the United States, which has been conducting drone strikes in the fight against terrorism. There was no immediate comment about the attack from the United States. Offensives by the nation's army and drone attacks by the United States have reduced the terror organization's effectiveness in recent years. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen. The Long War Journal, a website that tracks, reports and analyzes the U.S. fight against terrorists, said the drone strike was the first in Yemen since August 10, when the United States targeted AQAP operatives traveling in Lahj province. Drone strikes against militants in Yemen intensified a few weeks ago as the U.S. Embassy there and in other Middle Eastern and African countries closed amid terrorism fears. After the Lahj strike, a Yemeni Defense Ministry official said that 34 people had been killed in 12 drone strikes since July 28.
Washington (CNN) -- Two major civil liberties groups filed a lawsuit Tuesday challenging the government's asserted authority to kill U.S. citizens living abroad who are designated as terrorists.|||The American Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights announced they represent the father of influential Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, believed to be living in Yemen, who may be targeted by U.S. government drones. U.S. officials believe al-Awlaki, a Yemeni-American, influenced Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of killing 13 people in the 2009 Fort Hood shootings, and played a more active role in Umar Farouk Abdul-Mutallab's attempted bombing of a U.S. airliner on Christmas Day 2009. Officials also believe al-Awlaki inspired Faisal Shahzad, who has pleaded guilty to federal terrorism charges in the attempted car bomb attack in Times Square in May, as well as several others. The ACLU and CCR announced the challenge to the government's plan to use lethal force against U.S. citizens "located far from any battlefield without charge, trial, or judicial process of any kind," a statement from the groups said. "President Obama is claiming the power to act as judge, jury, and executioner while suspending any semblance of due process," said Vince Warren, executive director of the CCR. The two groups and al-Awlaki's father, Nasser al-Awlaki, are particularly concerned about the use of drones to target civilian al-Qaeda supporters. Unmanned drones are frequently used in the border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan, where Taliban and other insurgents are believed to be operating. The suit specifically challenges the law that prohibits attorneys from providing representation for al-Awlaki without first seeking a license from the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Asset Control. The office, which labeled al-Awlaki a "specially designated global terrorist," has so far not granted the groups a license. "The government is targeting an American citizen for death without any legal process whatsoever, while at the same time impeding lawyers from challenging that death sentence," said ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero. The Justice Department, which is expected to defend the administration against the lawsuit, had no immediate comment.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A former New York City bouncer was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for the brutal slaying of a graduate student from Boston, the Brooklyn district attorney's office said.|||Darryl Littlejohn, 44, is already serving prison time for the attempted kidnapping of another student in 2005. Darryl Littlejohn, 44, was convicted of first-degree murder last month in the 2006 death of Imette St. Guillen, 24, who had been studying criminology at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. Littlejohn, who is already serving 25 years to life for the October 2005 attempted kidnapping of a 19-year-old Queens college student, will serve out the sentences consecutively, said Sarah McNaughton of the Brooklyn district attorney's office. During the trial, witnesses said they saw Littlejohn and St. Guillen leaving The Falls bar in lower Manhattan together early February 25, 2006. Littlejohn was working as a bouncer at the bar. Hours later, St. Guillen's nude body was found in an isolated lot in Brooklyn. Her face was covered with strips of packing tape, and a sock was stuffed into her throat. She died of asphyxiation, and investigators determined she had been raped. Littlejohn was charged with murder after investigators linked his DNA to blood found on plastic ties used to bind St. Guillen's hands behind her back. Littlejohn's attorney, Joyce David, has filed an appeal on behalf of her client and maintains his innocence. She said that although Littlejohn has a long criminal record, he has no history of violence against women. The horrific incident spread shockwaves through New York City nightlife, which relies heavily on unlicensed bouncers to keep order in the city's bars and nightclubs. Littlejohn is being held at New York's Rikers Island maximum security facility. CNN's Chris Kokenes and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report.
(CNN)F-16 fighter jets escorted two passenger planes into Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Saturday after a bomb threat made on Twitter was deemed credible, according to military officials.|||Southwest Airlines Flight 2492 and Delta Flight 1156 landed safely at the airport and were searched by bomb disposal units, according to airline officials. Nothing out of the ordinary was found, officials said. One runway was closed temporarily, causing delays for other flights as passengers on the two flights were questioned and their luggage was searched by bomb-sniffing dogs, officials said. Delta spokesman Morgan Durant said, "It was a Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta, Georgia, flight. Delta is supporting the sweeping process carried out by authorities." The Southwest flight was coming from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The F-16 fighter jets were from McEntire Joint National Guard Base in South Carolina and returned to the base after the passenger planes landed. "What you see is a very hefty response," said CNN Aviation Correspondent Rene Marsh. Due to the current  world wide terror threats "no one wants to take the risk," she said. Normal operations returned to Atlanta's airport after nothing suspicious was discovered during the searches.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Actor Pernell Roberts, who played the eldest Cartwright brother in TV's "Bonanza," died at his Malibu, California, home Sunday at 81, his lawyer said.|||Younger TV viewers may remember Roberts from the lead role in "Trapper John, M.D.," a medical drama that aired on CBS for seven years, ending in 1986. Roberts, a native of Waycross, Georgia, spent much of his adult life "pursuing his dream of equality for all," according to a family statement released by his lawyer, Richard Stone. Roberts spent the first decade of his acting career on stage -- including Broadway -- before he moved to Hollywood to act in movies. His first film was "Desire Under the Elms," starring Sophia Loren and Burl Ives. In 1959, he landed the role of Adam Cartwright, the handsome and smart son of rancher Ben Cartwright (Lorne Greene) in the new western series "Bonanza." His character was serious and introspective, in contrast to younger half-brothers Hoss (Dan Blocker) and Little Joe (Michael Landon). The move to a television series "was a difficult transition," the family statement said. "Accustomed to freely moving from part to part, now being in a wildly popular show, without costume changes, about three grown men living at home with their father, he found did not hold much creative interest for him," it said. Roberts walked alongside the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in the historic 1965 march from Selma to Montgomery in Alabama, the family said. "On the set of 'Bonanza,' he protested the use of all white crews and guest stars, finding some support but never enough to satisfy his sense of outrage," the statement said. Roberts left the popular western after the end of the sixth season in 1965, although "Bonanza" stayed in production for another eight years. While the show's storyline kept open the possibility of his return to the Ponderosa ranch, Roberts never did. He never gained much of a foothold in film, but stage acting kept Roberts busy for more than a decade. He also guest starred in more than 60 TV series. His role of Dr. "Trapper" John McIntyre, starting in 1979, was a spin-off of a character from the hit TV comedy "M*A*S*H." Roberts played the balding physician working in a San Francisco hospital nearly three decades after he returned from the Korean War. His last regular TV job was in 1991 when he was host of the short-lived ABC police anthology "FBI: The Untold Stories." Roberts was married four times. His only son, Chris, was killed in a motorcycle crash in 1989. His fourth wife, Eleanor Criswill, was by his side when he died Sunday, the family said. CNN's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- All U.S. forces have vacated a military base in Pakistan, meeting a deadline set by Islamabad after a NATO airstrike killed dozens of soldiers, local military officials said Sunday.|||Pakistan requested U.S. forces to vacate the Shamsi Airbase by December 11 in response to the November 26th attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in the northwest of the country. Fifty-one American personnel have left the air base, taking drone planes and other equipment with them, according to the Pakistani military officials. They did not want to be named because they are not authorized to talk to the media. Pakistan military has taken over the base, the officials said. Shamsi Airbase was one of two bases Pakistan provided the U.S. for their operations in the region. It was built in 1992 by Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the then ruler of the United Arab Emirates.
Oslo (CNN) -- While the Nobel Peace Prize was being awarded this week in an ornate hall in Oslo, a small island nearby was shrouded in a cold mist that made it seem almost haunted.|||Utoya Island has dropped from the headlines, but it remains fresh in the memory of many, including one of the European Union leaders who received the Nobel prize, as the site of Norway's worst mass murder since World War II. Martin Schultz, the president of the European Parliament made a point of going to the island the very next day. "The attack was an attack on our values," said Martin Schulz, president of the European Parliament. "But our values are stronger than the attack." Schulz -- along with European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and European Council President Herman Van Rompuy -- accepted the award on the EU's behalf Monday, with the massacre of July 2011 already on his mind. It started with a deadly blast in downtown Oslo that killed eight people. In confusion that followed, the anti-immigrant extremist who detonated the bomb drove roughly 45 minutes to a ferry that took him to Utoya, the scene of an annual summer camp for young members of Norway's Labor Party. He methodically gunned down everyone he could find and killed 69 people, most of them teenagers. Anders Behring Breivik admitted carrying out the attacks, boasting that he was a patriot fighting multiculturalism in Norway. He was subjected to intense psychiatric examination, found sane and sentenced to 21 years in prison, although under Norwegian law he could be behind bars for life. The European Union was honored with the 2012 Nobel Prize because of its contribution to peace in Europe, erasing old borders and animosities. It has also contributed to multiculturalism, eliminating some of the barriers to immigration in many corners of the continent. In some countries, the debt crisis is fueling anti-immigrant sentiment. In Greece, for example, the ultra-nationalist Golden Dawn party is gaining popularity in part because of the country's changing economic and ethnic landscape. Norway is hardly an enthusiastic EU supporter, even less a hotbed of xenophobia. It has twice rejected EU membership and Breivik has been regarded as an extremist or a madman. But with the Nobel Prize for the EU and the the massacre at Utoya, Norway finds itself close to both Europe's best intentions and some of the worst instincts in European history. Schulz likened the two faces of his own brief trip to Norway to the two faces visible in the history of his own native Germany. "We had a culture of literature and philosophy and mathematics," he said, "And we had a culture of extermination at Auschwitz." Schulz said that Norway, a nation proud of its liberal, peaceful and tolerant traditions, offered an avenue of hope. "The reaction of the Norwegian society, to say our answer to the gunman is more democracy, more respect and to fight more for our values - that was the right answer, a good example for the whole world." A famous peace prize and an infamous murder scene: two different worlds less than one hour apart.
(CNN) -- Frances Reid, best known for her decades-long portrayal of Alice Horton on the soap opera "Days of our Lives," died Wednesday at the age of 95.|||Reid played the role of the martriarch since the long-running soap series' first episode in 1965, and made her last appearance in 2007. Reid was nominated twice for Daytime Emmys, and in 2004 she was awarded a Daytime Emmy Lifetime Achievement Award. NBC said in a statement to CNN that the network "is deeply saddened by the passing of Frances Reid. She was a true icon of the daytime genre and while we mourn her passing, we also celebrate her long life and the tremendous talent she shared with her generations of fans. She will be sorely missed." On Twitter, "Days" actress Alison Sweeney, who plays Sami, wrote, "I'm so sad to hear the news about Frances Reid. She was a truly talented actress and we are all lucky and proud to have known her."
(CNN) -- A suspected serial killer has killed for the last time.|||Authorities say Israel Keyes, who was arrested and charged in the killing of an Alaskan barista, killed himself while in custody. Before committing suicide on Sunday, Keyes confessed to at least seven other slayings, according to the FBI field office in Anchorage, Alaska, which on Monday asked for the public's help with tracing Keyes' travels over the years in the hopes of identifying any additional victims. He crisscrossed the country, and authorities may never know how many he killed. "Based upon investigation conducted following his arrest in March 2012, Israel Keyes is believed to have committed multiple kidnappings and murders across the country between 2001 and March 2012," the office said in a statement. "Keyes described significant planning and preparation for his murders, reflecting a meticulous and organized approach to his crimes." Investigators are continuing to investigate those crimes, though they say Keyes confessed to killing at least seven other people besides the barista: two in Vermont, four in Washington state, and one somewhere on the East Coast, disposing of the body in New York. Keyes did not know any of his victims, the FBI said, but looked for them at remote locations like parks, campgrounds and cemeteries. He is said to have buried supplies he planned to use in future crimes, and investigators recovered two caches, one in Eagle River, Alaska, and one near Blake Falls Reservoir in New York. They contained weapons and items used to dispose of bodies, the FBI said. Keyes allegedly confessed to killing Bill and Lorraine Currier of Essex Junction, Vermont. He flew into Chicago, rented a car and drove across several states before arriving there, the FBI said. He is then thought to have traveled around the East Coast before returning to Chicago and then Alaska, where he had lived since 2007. Prior to that, he lived in Washington state, where he confessed to killing four people, the FBI said. He is likewise alleged to have admitted to killing another person, somewhere on the East Coast, in 2009. The identities of those five victims were not released. Finally, Keyes was accused and charged in the death of 18-year-old Samantha Koenig, the Alaskan barista. She was last seen on February 1 being led away by a man from the parking lot of the coffee stand where she worked. Her body was found in a lake north of Anchorage. Authorities in Anchorage released a chilling account of the killing of Koenig in part to "help investigations of other murders committed by Israel Keyes." Keyes had planned to commit a kidnapping at Koenig's coffee stand even though he did not know her, according to the joint statement by local and federal authorities in Alaska. He approached near closing time on February 1, wearing a mask and ordered coffee. After Koenig made the coffee, Keyes brandished a gun forced himself into the coffee stand and bound the 18-year-old woman with zip ties. She tried to escape, was unsuccessful and he took her to his truck. "Keyes drove around town, explaining to Samantha that this was a kidnapping for ransom," the statement said. He killed her at his home, hid the body in a shed and then went on a cruise he had been planning. He returned on February 17. "He went into the shed and retrieved Samantha's body, taking steps to make it appear that she was still alive, and took a Polaroid picture of her tied up," the statement said. He sent the picture to girl's family members using her cell phone. He demanded $30,000 be sent to an account associated with an ATM card he had stolen from her. The young barista's family was able to raise the money from donations and sent it. Authorities arrested Keyes after he made withdrawals of that money. But not until the alleged serial killer made withdrawals in Anchorage, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The Defense Department will release "a substantial number" of photographs showing abuse of prisoners at prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.|||Aggressive techniques to interrogate terror suspects are making headlines again. The release will be in response to an open-records lawsuit filed by the ACLU, the group said in a written statement. The statement released late Thursday said the photos were taken at facilities other than Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. "These photographs provide visual proof that prisoner abuse by U.S. personnel was not aberrational but widespread, reaching far beyond the walls of Abu Ghraib," Amrit Singh, an ACLU attorney, said in the release. The photos are to be released by May 28, the ACLU said. The Department of Defense announced in a letter addressed to the federal court on Thursday that it would release the photos. In a copy of the letter posted on the ACLU's Web site, acting U.S. Attorney Lev L. Dassin said that 21 photographs would be released and that the government "also is processing for release a substantial number of other images." The lawsuit was filed in 2004 after the Bush administration denied a 2003 open-records request by the ACLU. The 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ruled last year that the photos should be released. The Defense Department will not appeal the case to the U.S. Supreme Court, Dassin said in the letter. Attempts by CNN to reach the White House and Department of Defense for comment were not immediately successful.
(CNN) -- With the presidential race heading into its final stretch, both candidates vow to protect the sacred promises made to military families. But neither is offering any details on how they might support military families if we hit a fiscal cliff with budget cuts that could wipe out services for military and veterans' families.|||Month after month, in the midst of a heated presidential and congressional pre-election cycle, we see no organized blueprint to integrate millions of military family members into civilian society. Since 2001, more than 2 million troops have returned from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. They have spent less time at home than service members in the past because of frequent deployments, making readjustment and life at home for families harder than ever. Today, as the military drawdown in Afghanistan proceeds, tens of thousands of military members are returning to uncertainty about their and their families' future. What services will be cut? Will it be medical care, mental health services or school supports for children? The Republican National Convention barely mentioned military and veteran families. The Democratic National Convention was a great homage to our vets but didn't revealed specific plans for programs that President Barack Obama would support. After more than 10 years of war in Iraq and men and women in uniform continuing to die in Afghanistan, this silence on a national plan or funding for services only increases the stress and uncertainty that military families feel every day. With all the public celebration of military families on the campaign trail, this lack of proposals for new resources or a detailed plan of how federal agencies will coordinate the integration of returning troops seems like a violation of our nation's promise and its social contract with the millions of brave warriors and their families. No one doubts Republicans and Democrats honor and care about military families. But words and public recognition are not enough. "Joining Forces," led by Michelle Obama and Jill Biden, is the Obama administration's broad initiative involving the public and private sectors to help provide services and opportunities for military members and their families. Last year, this campaign waged by large corporations, nonprofit organizations and universities raised the visibility of the needs of military families and veterans. This national leadership is exactly what we need as a nation. But it is not enough. It must be on a much larger scale, backed up with federal resources. Obama's directive last year that all federal agencies cooperate and use existing resources to help military families was also a huge step in the right direction. But keeping that sacred vow to military and veteran families will require a federally led partnership with civilian society that provides full spectrum of programs designed to make the transition from military member to civilian a smooth one. Both parties seem to be waiting for the elections to be over and are accepting the possibility of deep, across-the-board cuts in the Department of Defense if Congress doesn't reach a budget compromise during the post-election period. But before the election, both candidates should provide detailed plans or at least debate their stance on federally supported programs for military and veteran families. Our political leaders should be striving to expand Veterans Administration services to meet the growing demand. At minimum, those leaving the military need the education, employment, health and mental health services they were promised. The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ron Astor.
(CNN) -- Car tires disappearing under knee-high water. Rescuers ferrying residents from their homes in inflatable boats.|||It's not a common scene for Louisville, Kentucky -- but officials say the flooding there could get worse. More than 80 people have been evacuated from their homes in the area, said Jody Duncan of the Louisville/Jefferson County Metro Emergency Management Agency. Early Sunday morning, Duncan said another 1-to-1 1/2 inches of rain was expected to fall within an hour. "We are preparing for the situation to get worse before it gets better," she said. "If the flooding does get worse, there may be mandatory evacuations." The National Weather Service issued a flash flood warning for Jefferson County -- including the Louisville International Airport -- on Sunday morning. The area could see another 2 inches of rain Sunday, the weather service said. Duncan said there have been no reported injuries from the flooding. Tropical Storm Karen breaks up over Gulf of Mexico. Tornado strikes Nebraska as winter storm hits South Dakota, Wyoming.
Princeton, New Jersey (CNN) -- There is at present a profound uncertainty about currencies. That is why the president of the World Bank, Robert Zoellick, created such a stir with a brief reference to an enhanced role for gold in the course of a plea for a more sustainable international exchange rate system.|||The revival of interest in a golden measure of value derives from two fundamental sources. First, there is a question about our personal sense of worth. The aftermath of the economic crisis has destroyed our confidence in the reliability of conventional paper money. We need money as a store of value, but in the course of the crisis it has also become a tool of government policy. Looser monetary policy or "quantitative easing" can help to get the economy moving again. But the purposes of money may conflict and collide. When money becomes too much of a policy tool, the function of reliably measuring value gets chipped away. We look at gold when we are really upset about big price changes. Over the past two years, market sentiment has shifted abruptly from fear of deflation to fear of inflation. The crisis has produced a profound shock, in which some prices (especially housing) have moved sharply lower while others (notably foodstuffs and some raw materials) have increased. The movement of prices is actually an important part of the adjustment process: that is, Americans should devote less of their resources to building and filling mega-size houses. But the price changes involved are deeply discomforting: The prices that are falling represent a major store of wealth, because people viewed their house as a sort of source of cash; and the prices that are rising are a major part of daily expenditure. More opinion on topics in the news. The appeal of gold would be that it might be a better way of storing value. But it would not avoid the harsh task of adjustment at a personal level. Secondly, there is an international dimension to the concern with gold. The crisis has intensified international conflict. It has pushed countries to compete much more aggressively for markets, and to worry that other countries are using unfair means to push their exports. Americans think that China has maintained an artificially undervalued exchange rate, while Mediterranean countries accuse Germany of having devised the Euro as a monetary unit that gives Germany permanent cost advantages. Even former Federal Reserve Chair Alan Greenspan now says that U.S. monetary policy is aimed at the weakening of the dollar. As a consequence, the victims start to retaliate. Both the rhetoric and the consequences in terms of exchange rate actions seem to recall the currency wars of the 1930s, when the world spiraled down into protectionism. Can the countries of the world sit down at a table and hammer out an agreement on what exchange rates can be? No previous attempt at such an exercise has been successful. The exchange rates adopted at Bretton Woods in 1944 needed to be extensively modified in the late 1940s, and the Smithsonian conference of 1971, which tried to work out a new system, broke down within a year and a half as countries ignored any need for monetary constraint. The appeal of gold is that it sets a clear limit on the extent to which policy actions can manipulate exchange rates. But for nations and individuals, it does not in any way remove the pain from living in altered circumstances. The gold standard worked reasonably well in the 19th century, but even then it did not produce complete price stability. In the absence of new sources of gold, it exerted a downward influence on prices; then, in the 1890s, new gold started to flow from South Africa, Australia and Alaska, and the result was mild inflation. A real effort at the monetization of gold today would produce a much more dramatic version of the same sort of logic. First, there would be a major scramble for gold and the current gold bubble would swell to even greater proportions. That would provide very large incentives to existing producers of gold in South Africa and Russia to intensify extraction, but also to others to look for nonconventional sources, such as the bulk processing of seawater to extract the very small gold content. The result would be an initial deflation and then a colossal inflation that would make the 19th century experience look trivial. The late-19th century critics who thought that there must be a better way of storing value than gold were right. But such a search demands sustained attention to methods of limiting the tendency of both individuals and governments to behave in a way that produces short-term gains while sacrificing the longer term good of stability. Self-limitation, rather than the magic fix of a new precious metal-based currency, should be the real golden rule. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harold James.
(CNN) -- Whether you're looking for a laid-back evening or want to party the night away, there are plenty of bars and clubs in Malmo to keep you entertained.|||Slagthuset is Scandinavia's biggest nightclub. Many nights start out in Lilla Torg, which boasts a wide array of restaurants and lounges. Sip cocktails at Victors -- if the weather's good, grab your drinks and head to the outdoor terrace. An equally popular hangout is nearby Moosehead, which has a more casual-woodsy vibe. Be sure to order the moose meat burger. A vibrant club scene exists in Malmo, which is home to Slagthuset (Jorgen Kocksgatan 7A) -- the largest nightclub in Scandinavia. Young dancers spread out over three dance floors at the club located behind Central Station. As its name suggests, Club Prive (Malmborgsgatan 7) draws an exclusive crowd. To chill in style, head to Torso Twisted (Vastra Varvsgatan 44) in the hip Western Harbor district. The restaurant serves gastronomic delights, and at night the lounge is decidedly cool. Indulge in one of the lavish cocktails or sample from the impressive wine list. You can also find the trendy set partying the evening away at Hipp (Kalendegatan 12). You can hang out in the restaurant or two bars or head straight to the pulsating nightclub. Satisfy your thirst for beer at Tva Krogare (Storgatan 35). The pub dishes up traditional Swedish fare and you'll likely find locals playing a game of darts. For a taste of British in Malmo, try The Bishop's Arms (Norra Vallgatan 62). Located inside the Hotel Savoy, it serves staples like fish and chips and has a wide assortment of beers available. If parties begin in Lilla Torg, they tend to end in Mollevangen. The bohemian neighborhood is dotted with bars that stay open well into the night. Prices in this area aren't as cheap as they once were but are still lower than compared to what you'll find in the city center. Local musicians hang out at hip Tempo Bar and Kok (Sodra Skolgatan 30). For something a little different, try Chokladfabriken (Bergsgatan 33), a club housed in an old chocolate factory that plays mostly hip hop, funk and soul. Malmo's passion for music makes it a great place to take in live performances. Kulturbolaget (Bergsgatan 18), one of the best venues for live acts, is a veritable Swedish institution. The club puts on about 220 rock concerts annually. Inkonst (Bergsgatan 29), a so-called culture house, puts on shows and club evenings. Jazz enthusiasts get into their groove at Jeriko (Spangatan 38), named such because it's housed in a former church. ....................  Malmo City Guide:. Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop. Do you agree with our Malmo picks? Share your comments and suggestions in the SoundOff box below.
Tucson, Arizona, public schools suspended their Mexican-American studies program after an administrative law judge ruled it violated a new state law and the state said the local district was going to lose $15 million in annual aid, officials said.|||The Governing Board of the Tucson Unified School District voted late Tuesday to suspend immediately the Mexican-American studies department, marking a turning point in a yearlong controversy over a new state law banning certain ethnic studies. "The district shall revise its social studies core curriculum to increase its coverage of Mexican-American history and culture, including a balanced presentation of diverse viewpoints on controversial issues. The end result shall be a single common social studies core sequence through which all high school students are exposed to diverse viewpoints," the governing board said in a statement. "The district shall study and bring to the board new measures designed to narrow the achievement gaps for traditionally underserved and economically disadvantaged students," the board said. The board action came in the wake of Friday's order by Arizona State Superintendent John Huppenthal to withhold 10% -- or about $15 million a year -- of state aid to the Tucson district retroactive to August 15, 2011, according to a copy of the order posted on the district's website. The state superintendent's order was, in turn, made after last month's ruling by an administrative law judge that found the program's curriculum was teaching Latino history and culture "in a biased, political, and emotionally charged manner," and upheld state officials' findings that it violated a state law passed in 2010. The Tucson Unified School District had appealed a decision by the law's chief backer, then-state schools superintendent Tom Horne, to shut down the program. Horne left office at the end of 2010, but his successor, Huppenthal, backed Horne's ruling in June. Under the law, the state can withhold 10% of its funding for the school district until the district changes the course. During their appeal, district officials pointed out that an audit commissioned by Huppenthal praised the program and found "no observable evidence" that the classes violated state law. A witness for the school system argued that teaching students "historical facts of oppression and racism" was less likely to promote "racial resentment" -- something specifically banned by the 2010 law -- than ignoring that history. In last month's ruling, administrative law judge Lewis Kowal said the auditors observed only a limited number of classes. He added, "Teaching oppression objectively is quite different than actively presenting material in a biased, political, and emotionally charged manner." Tucson educators who have challenged the constitutionality of the new law in court have defended the Mexican-American studies program as no different than African-American or Native American studies classes. Tucson school board member Adelita Grijalva has charged that the new law provided no due process and was unconstitutional. She has said the new law is part of an anti-immigrant political climate in the Arizona statehouse. At Tuesday night's meeting, Grijalva unsuccessfully urged the board to preserve the program, saying the district should appeal, according to CNN affiliate KGUN. "This is a group of passionate people about their education and the education of their children. This is not a militarized group that wants to overthrow the government. This is not a group that is seeking ethnic solidarity. This is a group that wants their children to understand about their culture and their role in our American history and our lives," Grijalva said during the board meeting. Grijalva was the sole "no" vote in the board's 4-1 decision to suspend the program. The new schools law is the latest controversy in a state already roiled by an immigration crackdown law, known as SB 1070, that is being challenged on constitutional grounds in federal court. The Arizona-Mexico border is considered the nation's busiest for illegal immigration. The law authorizes the state superintendent to stop any ethnic studies classes that promote the overthrow of the U.S. government, promote resentment toward a race or class of people, are designed primarily for pupils of a particular ethnic group or advocate ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson's children, and Dr. Arnold Klein denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs.|||When asked if he were the father of Jackson's oldest children, Klein said "not to the best of my knowledge." Klein, in an interview Wednesday on ABC's "Good Morning America," denied that he was on the list of doctors being investigated by the Los Angeles Police Department. When he saw that someone gave Jackson a dangerous drug, he was the one "who limited everything, who stopped everything," Klein said. Jackson danced around Klein's Beverly Hills office just three days before his death and was "not in terrible pain," Klein said. Debbie Rowe, who was briefly married to Jackson and gave birth to his two oldest children, worked for 23 years in Klein's office, he said. The doctor refused to say whether he thought Rowe should get custody of them instead of Jackson's mother, Katherine Jackson.  Photos: Stars come out for memorial ». "I can't make those answers, because 'should have' and 'will' are two different things," he said. Klein was scheduled to talk to CNN's Larry King about Michael Jackson on Wednesday night. Klein's response when Diane Sawyer asked whether he was the biological father of Jackson's children left open the possibility that he was.  Watch why Paris Jackson's comments were a surprise ». "Not to the best of my knowledge," Klein said. "All I can tell you is, best of my knowledge, I am not the father of these children. But I am telling you, if push comes to shove, I can't say anything about." Klein said he "can't answer it in any other way, because, you know what, I don't want to feed any of this insanity that is going around." Katherine Jackson was given temporary guardianship of the children by a judge several days after her son's death. Rowe was considering whether she will seek custody or visitation of the two born to her, her lawyer said last week. The Los Angeles County coroner is waiting for toxicology test results -- not due for at least another week -- before determining what killed Jackson last month. The death certificate listed the cause of death as "deferred."  Watch the latest details in the Jackson probe ». Sources said Tuesday that when Jackson collapsed, his arms were riddled with marks, and their veins had collapsed, both characteristics found in intravenous drug users. The revelations add to the growing speculation that prescription drugs played a part in Jackson's death. Klein said that when Jackson came to his office the week of his death, there were no indications anything was wrong: no "problems of slurred speech, shorten movement or anything."  Watch Klein deny he is the father of Michael Jackson's children ». "I saw nothing at that point that would make me worry whatsoever," he said. "But I was always concerned about him, because I was always worried about other doctors." He said "the problem with Michael" was that because he was rich, "no matter what he wanted, someone would give it to him." Klein said he once convinced Jackson not to take Dilaudid, a drug he said was "10 times stronger than morphine." "I said, 'You can't take that. It's poison. Throw that in the trash,' " he said. "And I got him to throw it in the toilet. But I can't be there every minute." Klein said that LAPD investigators have not contacted him and that he is "not one of the doctors" being questioned about Jackson's drug use. "I have given him medication, yes," he said. "He could take all the medication I have given him in a year, and nothing would happen to him." Klein said he has "sedated him in the past," when he "put him through very painful procedures. "There was nothing wrong with the manner I treated Michael, because what I had to do is restructure for an individual who had lupus, who had terrible acne scarring his face," he said.
(CNN) -- Imagine sitting at your desk at work and overhearing a co-worker sharing the good news about his or her latest raise, bumping his or her salary to $50,000. You have worked at the company five years longer, in the same position and your salary is $5,000 lower.|||On top of that, your sales have always been higher than those of your co-worker. Given the questionable history of some of the company's practices, you suspect that discrimination may be at the root of the pay discrepancy. You get together with your closest friends at the company, all share their salaries and decide that a pattern of pay discrimination based on gender may indeed be evident. The next week, you are fired because your boss found out that you were discussing your pay with your co-workers. Think your employer can't lawfully do that? You're wrong. This prohibition of talking about pay keeps discrimination secret and is an effective way to keep women and minorities from discovering they are being paid less than white male colleagues who work the same jobs. That will change if the U.S. Senate passes the Paycheck Fairness Act, expected to come to a procedural cloture vote on Tuesday. The Paycheck Fairness Act would prohibit employers from retaliating against employees who discuss their pay with co-workers. It would also close loopholes in the existing Equal Pay Act that deny victims of sex discrimination the same legal remedies as victims of discrimination based on race or ethnicity. To illustrate, returning to the scenario above, you later learn that two of your former co-workers still at the company are going to sue the company for pay discrimination. Although the company engaged in pay discrimination based on gender and race, your female co-workers cannot sue to recover the more lucrative compensatory and punitive damages, like people who sue over discrimination based on race or ethnic basis can. The Paycheck Fairness Act would ensure that victims of sex discrimination have the same legal remedies available to them as victims of racial or ethnic discrimination. Think we don't need the Paycheck Fairness Act because sex discrimination is a thing of the past? Just tell that to the women at Walmart who have been fighting the retail giant for more than a decade, with evidence of widespread sex discrimination in pay and promotion. The Paycheck Fairness Act would help prevent employers from paying women less for no other reason than because they are women. The pay gap is especially detrimental to low-income families and families of color who are more likely to rely on women's earnings to make ends meet or as the sole source of income. Women make on average 77 cents for every dollar men make. The wage gap is even greater for women of color. Black women earn 69.5 cents and Hispanic women 60.5 cents for every dollar earned by their white male counterparts. The average 77-cent pay gap results in a difference of almost $11,000 per year. This extra money could almost cover the average housing costs in 2010, such as rent or mortgage and property tax, of $11,223, or could completely pay for the average annual combined cost of utilities, food, transportation and broadband Internet access of $10,360. What family wouldn't benefit from this additional money each year? Over a lifetime, the lost income is staggering, estimated at between $400,000 to $2 million per woman. The Senate failed to pass this bill last year, coming two votes short. Don't let this happen again. It's time to put an end to loopholes that make it easy for employers to engage in discrimination that hurts women and families. The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Mariko Chang.
(CNN) -- Mila Kunis -- and her baby bump and engagement ring -- are out of hiding.|||After shying away from discussing her pregnancy and relationship with Ashton Kutcher, Kunis has opened up to Ellen DeGeneres about both the baby and her future husband. In an episode of "Ellen," the 30-year-old actress marveled that she and Kutcher, 36, were able to keep their growing family and wedding plans under wraps "for a very long time." "We were able to keep (our engagement) private for two months without anybody knowing," Kunis said. "I think everybody assumed we'd been engaged for so long, that I was wearing the ring in public for two months and nobody commented on it." Even when the cat was out of the bag, Kunis and Kutcher declined to make a public announcement, and they did the same with their baby news. On "Ellen," Kunis was still coy about details -- she wouldn't reveal her due date, the baby's gender or the name they've chosen -- but she did jokingly confirm that the little one will arrive "sometime this year, I promise you." So far, Kunis has had a "stereotypical" pregnancy, with cravings for salty snacks like sauerkraut and pickles. To help out his fiancee, Kutcher has stocked their "secondary fridge" with things Kunis might want, from ice cream to anchovies. "He kind of pre-empted this. He assumed I was going to have goofy cravings," Kunis said. "It happened last week. I was like, 'Oh my God, I need a pickle.' And he was like, 'Hold on a second,' and disappeared into the backyard and came back with the most amazing dill pickle of all time." That's not the only way Kutcher's trying to be helpful. He's also learning Russian. Kunis, who's from the Ukraine, already speaks the language, and he wants to be able to speak Russian to the baby, too. As far as her birth plan, "I'm going to do it as all natural as I possibly can, unless there's an emergency," Kunis said, confirming that she plans to go without an epidural. "I did this to myself, I might as well do it right."
(CNN)If Nintendo has its way, you can prepare for a visit to the magical land of Hyrule, looking more real than ever.|||Netflix is developing a live-action series based on the popular "Legend of Zelda" series of video games. The original classic game, which was briefly turned into a cartoon series in 1989, concerns the hero Link, who must save Princess Zelda from the clutches of Ganon, while exploring Hyrule for clues and adventure. The Wall Street Journal reported that the streaming service is in the early stages of creating an adaptation. Fans reacted to the news quickly -- with skepticism, in not a few cases. One of the most prominent was Zelda Williams, daughter of the late Robin Williams, who was named after Princess Zelda. It's too early to say if the show will come to fruition, but the game is so beloved by fans that any TV series would be subject to intense scrutiny.
(CNN) -- A 6-year-old girl, detained in Arizona on suspicion of entering the United States illegally, is now at a shelter in El Paso, Texas, as authorities try to locate a relative.|||The girl, who told authorities she is from El Salvador, had to be moved to El Paso because there is no room in Arizona shelters for minors in her situation, said Jose Joaquin Chacon, the consul general for El Salvador in Arizona. The girl was traveling with her mother through Mexico, Chacon said, but for some unknown reason the mother apparently turned her daughter over to smugglers at the U.S. border and separated from her. Immigration shift sparks reaction from both sides. The unaccompanied child was detained along with 15 other people traveling in a van through Maricopa County late Friday, hours after President Barack Obama had announced a decision to stop deporting certain young illegal immigrants who have been in the United States for at least five years. The people in the van were planning to make their way to a variety of destinations around the country -- including New York, California and Texas -- according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office. Sheriff Joe Arpaio, known for his tough stance against illegal immigration, is a vocal opponent of President Obama's immigration policies. "There was no politics involved in this," he said. "And when you have a 6-year-old girl, I think that's newsworthy regardless of what the circumstances are -- whether you call it an arrest or a detention." For illegal immigrant graduates, a 'leap of faith as been answered' A spokesman for the sheriff's office explained that the girl "was not arrested in the sense of handcuffed and booked into jail. However, she was detained in our custody and turned over to ICE officials." After the sheriff's office handed the girl over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials, she was placed in "the care and custody" of the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Refugee Resettlement, said Amber Cargile, an ICE spokeswoman. The girl ended up in El Paso, Chacon said. Overheard on CNN.com: Decision to defer some deportations symbolic. Most of those detained were being held in jail, the sheriff's statement said. Last week, Arpaio said that the Obama administration's new directive not to deport some young migrants was motivated by politics. Arpaio said he would abide by the directive but continue to enforce state laws on illegal immigration as he sees fit. The rule change will allow people younger than 30 who had come to the United States before the age of 16, pose no criminal or security threat, and have been successful students or served in the military to apply for a two-year deferral from deportation. Individuals must be able to prove they have been living in the country continuously for at least five years. Photos: Lens on immigration -- adolescence deported. CNN's Mariano Castillo, Glenda Umana and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.
(EW.com) -- One of the more intriguing pop controversies of 2013 was the friendly fire exchanged over the perceived similarities between Katy Perry's "Roar" and Sara Bareilles' "Brave."|||This Sunday's Grammy Awards just might bring some resolution to that argument — or at least declare a "winner": Both tracks are nominated for best pop solo performance, alongside Bruno Mars' "When I Was Your Man," Justin Timberlake's "Mirrors," and Lorde's "Royals." If Sunday represents an end to the controversy, that will suit Bareilles just fine. "I was surprised and to be honest disappointed at how vicious people were," Bareilles tells EW. "It's not my nature, and it's not reflective of what I feel I hope to incite in people. People really felt like Katy was ripping me off, and I disagree." Bareilles was most frustrated by the fact that she was apparently supposed to be rivals with Perry. "Katy and I have known each other a really long time, she's a friend of mine, and it seemed like there was this infusion of people wanting to create conflict and drama. I find that to be really fatiguing," she said. "It's an old paradigm of pitting people against each other based on the idea that there's not enough—not enough fans, not enough music lovers, not enough space for both of you, so you have to hate each other. I don't believe in that. I was disappointed. I feel it was misguided. There's better s— to do than worry about that stuff." Like, for example, whether or not she should be preparing notes for a possible pair of victory speeches (she's also up for Album of the Year). "I haven't written anything down," she admitted. "I would want [an acceptance speech] to be authentic, so if it happened I would want to speak from my heart. But I do worry about being so nervous." Find out whether Bareilles wins (and gets nervous) this Sunday at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards (8pm on CBS), which you can follow in all its bombastic glory here on the Music Mix. See the original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong is on high alert after an Indonesian domestic helper contracted the city's first human case of H7N9 avian flu, the city's government says.|||The 36-year-old maid is in hospital in a critical condition, Ko Wing-man, Hong Kong's secretary for food and health said in a statement. The woman had recently traveled to Shenzhen, the mainland Chinese city nearest to Hong Kong, where she bought, slaughtered and ate a chicken, Ko added. Her close contacts have also been isolated in hospital. What to know about avian flu. Ko said that Hong Kong had raised its level of preparedness for an influenza pandemic to "serious." Human infections from the H7N9 strain of bird flu first emerged in Shanghai in March this year and within weeks more than 100 cases were confirmed, according to the World Health Organization. Study finds evidence of first human-to-human transmission of H7N9 bird flu. However, the number of cases dropped dramatically after the closing of live poultry markets in affected areas, the WHO said. So far, there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission, it added. As of November 6, the WHO said it had been informed of a total of 139 laboratory-confirmed human cases of the H7N9 virus, including 45 deaths. From ducks to chickens to deadly virus. Ko said Hong Kong said it had suspended the import of live chickens from three farms in Shenzhen and would inspect Hong Kong chicken farms and poultry wholesale markets. Hong Kong takes the threat of new disease extremely seriously after Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome or SARS first emerged in the city in 2003. The outbreak went on to infect 8,096 people and kill 744 worldwide. On Monday, Shanghai said it will suspend live poultry trading from January 31 until April 30 to prevent a recurrence of this year's bird flu outbreak, according to state-run news agency Xinhua. CDC director: A disease outbreak anywhere is a risk everywhere.
(CNN) -- Nearly 400 people were killed overnight Saturday by government shelling in what is supposed to be a "no-fire" zone of Sri Lanka, a humanitarian worker in the area told CNN on Sunday.|||A photo supplied by a humanitarian group on Sunday shows civilians allegedly injured in government shelling. Most of the roughly 378 dead are civilians, and another 1,200 were wounded, the aid worker said. Video sent to CNN by the pro-Tamil rebel pressure group ACT Now appeared to show dead and wounded civilians. The group says the video was taken Sunday in the "no-fire" zone. Another humanitarian group also supplied photos of casualties to CNN. CNN cannot confirm the authenticity of either the video or the photos. CNN is not naming the humanitarian sources in the conflict zone to protect their safety. The government denies the assertion it shelled the "no-fire" zone, saying it is the Tamil Tiger rebels who have been killing civilians. Tamil Tiger "attacks using heavy weapons in the no-fire zone have caused immense damage to the civilians entrapped in the area," the government information department said, quoting the military. But the military did say it had advanced Saturday into areas previously held by the rebels, officially known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. "The troops attached to the Air Mobile Brigade further advanced into the 'No Fire Zone' capturing LTTE strong positions in general area Karaiyamullivaikal yesterday," military sources said, according to the government's news Web site. "The LTTE terrorists have laid land mines heavily in the area to obstruct the security forces' advance and a number of LTTE terrorists were killed during fighting while many wounded," the government site said. The pro-rebel Web site Tamilnet said rescue workers in the no-fire zone "have counted more than 1,200 bodies" and accused the army of "the use of cluster ammunition, multi-barrel rocket launchers and cannons. "The workers fear that there may be additional bodies yet to be uncovered, and the numbers killed will likely rise," the pro-rebel site said. Aid workers in the country said the situation is worsening and the next few days are "absolutely critical." About 165,000 displaced people are in the Vavuniya region, where the United Nations and other humanitarian groups are trying to get relief to them, an aid group said. Meanwhile, a British news team that had been detained by Sri Lankan authorities -- after producing a report about the alleged abuse of Tamils -- has left the country, news managers said Sunday. The Channel 4 news team, which was detained on Saturday, is heading back to its base in Bangkok, Thailand, ITN senior news management said. ITN produces Channel 4's news programs.  Watch journalist explain what angered government ». The team's news report, which aired Tuesday, chronicled the abuse of Tamils in internment camps in the city of Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka. The report contained claims of bodies being left where they fell, shortages of food and water, and instances of sexual abuse. The government denied the claims and arrested Channel 4 Asia correspondent Nick Paton-Walsh, a cameraman and a producer. The Sri Lankan military has been on an offensive to try to finish off the ethnic Tamil insurgency that has been fighting since 1983 for an independent state in the northeast of the country. As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began, and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by the European Union and more than 30 countries, including the United States. Tamil Tiger rebels have been pinned down by Sri Lankan government troops in a small section of the country's north, and civilians trapped in the crossfire have been trying to flee. CNN's Iqbal Athas, Amir Ahmed and Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
It breaks my heart to read about the death of James Boyd, a homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in March. Boyd was apparently mentally ill.|||His death recalls the January shooting of Keith Vidal, the North Carolina teenager who, his family says, suffered from schizophrenia and who was shot and killed after police arrived to help with a crisis. Many details of that case are still unclear, and it's hard to know who or what is responsible. Tragically, incidents such as this appear over and over again in the news. The scenario goes something like this: Police are called to assist with a person who is experiencing a mental health crisis. There is an escalation in tensions, perhaps the introduction of a real or imagined threat, and this leads to someone getting hurt or, worse, killed. And it's not always the person in crisis; sometimes, it is the police officer. Another all-too-common outcome is that the person in crisis ends up not at the hospital but at the jail. Police officers, families and certainly people with mental health conditions don't want this to happen.  And it doesn't have to. There is a time-tested, well-researched way to lessen the likelihood that calling the police for assistance will end badly. In 1988, an approach was developed in Memphis that has been slowly -- too slowly -- making its way throughout the country. It's called Crisis Intervention Team Training, usually just referred to as CIT. Here's how CIT works:  A team of police officers (or other first responders) from one department or jurisdiction, or from a coalition of neighboring departments, undergoes a comprehensive week-long (40-hour) training program that does several things. It teaches some basics about mental illnesses, substance abuse disorders and developmental disabilities, and it explains how to recognize and interact with someone with these conditions who is in crisis. News reports indicate that the detective who was put on administrative leave after the Keith Vidal shooting had not completed the CIT program, though others in the Southport Police Department, where he served, had.  If true, we can't know whether this would have changed the outcome, but it most certainly could have helped. A cadre of community experts provides the training. They include fellow police officers, mental health professionals, family members and people who live with mental health conditions. In addition to clinical information and learning about community resources (and how to link to them), trainees hear personal stories, acquire de-escalation skills and put knowledge into practice through role play. Officers and people who have had their own crises act out a number of no-holds-barred, real-life scenarios. They also get a sense of what it's like to experience extreme mental health symptoms, such as hearing voices.  It's not always pretty to watch or listen to, but the outcomes of the CIT training show great promise. Research shows that when CIT trained officers respond to a call, there are myriad benefits. The use of physical restraints goes way down, as do injuries to people in crisis and to officers. People are less likely to be arrested and taken to jail. And because officers know how to connect people to community services, the need to use the most expensive emergency services can sometimes be avoided. Equally valuable is the goodwill that CIT engenders. Officers report greater satisfaction in knowing how to help people, and citizens report greater trust in their police. If cities as large as Philadelphia and Houston and rural communities such as New River Valley in Virginia and Cambria County, Pennsylvania, can institute CIT, why aren't there teams in every community? Of course, it costs money to pull officers off the street, to train police dispatchers, to pay for materials and for costs associated with using community buildings. Grants from government entities and foundations can at times help to offset these costs.  And much of the training is done by volunteers. While the basics of the training program remain the same, it must be tailored to each locality. Therefore, more than anything else instituting a CIT program takes commitment and coordination. This usually begins with a person, or small group of people, building a coalition of community stakeholders.  How many fewer tragedies might there be if more people stepped forward to become CIT champions? 'My brother just needed help, and now he is dead'
(CNN) -- Nine U.N. peacekeepers were killed in an ambush Friday in Mali, a U.N. spokesman said.|||Their convoy was attacked near Menaka, in the country's eastern Gao region, by heavily armed men on motorcycles, said Olivier Salgado, a spokesman for the U.N. Stabilization Mission in Mali. The nine dead were from Niger. The United Nations does not know who is responsible, Salgado said. The attack was the deadliest yet of several against the forces in the country, the U.N. mission said on its Facebook page. Air assets were immediately deployed with the aim of making the area safe and helping the peacekeepers, the statement said. Arnauld Akodjenou, deputy special representative of the secretary-general in the U.N. mission, called for an end to violence. He said he was horrified by "this cowardly and hateful act of terrorism" and the loss of more lives in pursuit of peace in Mali, adding that these crimes must not go unpunished. In a statement, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said such attacks constitute a violation of international law, and called on armed groups operating in the area of promises they have made to cooperate with the United Nations. The latest attack comes a little more than two weeks after five U.N. peacekeepers from Chad were killed and three others injured when a U.N. vehicle struck a homemade bomb in northern Mali. The September 18 attack took place on a road between Aguelhok and Tessalit, the U.N. mission said. Other attacks have also killed or injured U.N. peacekeepers in the Kidal region. The U.N. mission is there to guard against militant Islamists who in early 2013 threatened to move on the West African nation's capital, Bamako. More than 8,000 military personnel and nearly 1,000 police were deployed under the peacekeeping mission as of the end of August. It was set up in April 2013 following a U.N. Security Council resolution. CNN's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Hamburg have moved up to fourth place in the Bundesliga, only behind Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg on goal difference, after a comfortable 2-0 home victory over Energie Cottbus on Sunday.|||Ivica Olic celebrates his opening goal for Hamburg as they remain in touch near the top of the Bundesliga. Croatian striker headed Hamburg into a 32nd-minute lead while a free-kick from winger Piotr Trochowski seven minutes later secured the points for the home side. The result lifts Hamburg above Hoffenheim onto 45 points, with leaders Hertha Berlin remaining top of the table on 49 points following their 1-0 victory over Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday. Sunday's other match saw Werder Bremen pick up their first league win of 2009 with a 4-0 victory over Stuttgart, the first defeat in 10 matches for new Stuttgart coach Markus Babbel. Sweden striker Markus Rosenberg struck twice for the home side who lie 10th in the table, while Stuttgart remain sixth, 10 points behind leaders Hertha Berlin.
(CNN) -- U.S. law enforcement seized thousands of pounds of drugs and arrested hundreds of people in a synchronized bust targeting Mexican drug cartels and their associates, federal authorities said Friday.|||The sweep involved several local, state and federal agencies, including the Drug Enforcement Administration and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, according to a statement from that organization. Together, they arrested 676 people and seized more than $12 million, 282 weapons and 94 vehicles around the United States. In addition, nearly 40,000 pounds of marijuana, 467 kilograms of cocaine, 64 pounds of methamphetamine and 21 pounds of heroin were captured in the operation, the statement said. John Morton, the immigration and customs agency's director, said the effort showed what U.S. law enforcement could do when working together on the issue, while stressing that its work wasn't complete. "Through our continued coordination and cooperation with Mexican law enforcement, ICE agents and officers will strike at the very heart of these organizations by seizing the drugs, guns and money that fuel their criminal enterprises," Morton said. The joint operation began Wednesday, roughly a week and a half after immigrations and customs' agent Jaime Zapata was ambushed on a highway while working in Mexico. Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman Michael Sanders said the agencies are trying to send a message to cartel operatives in the United States. He described most of the targets as mid- to high-level dealers, the type who have day jobs but work in cells that distribute drugs and return drug money to Mexico. A Houston police officer was shot Thursday as he tried to serve a narcotics warrant while taking part in the sweep. Officers returned fire, striking the suspect. The suspect's condition was unknown, police spokesman Kese Smith said. Houston police officer Nash Patel was struck in the elbow and lower backside but was in good condition at the hospital, Smith said. The people arrested this week belong to several cartels, Sanders said. The cells tend to be small and work in an isolated fashion, so it's possible that multiple cells from the same cartel may operate in the same city without knowing each other. Those arrested could face federal drug charges or various state charges, depending on the evidence collected. CNN's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report.
JAMAICA PLAIN, Massachusetts (CNN) -- Lucy Valena is hooked on coffee.|||Lucy Valena went to Seattle to learn from the best baristas before opening her Boston espresso company. "I had my first shot of espresso when I was 14," she says. "And it was pretty amazing for me." With the dream of opening a coffee house, Valena -- a 24-year-old artist -- went to Seattle, Washington, to learn at the aprons of the best. "The first time I went into a cafe, I saw someone pour the leaf, the rosetta, on top of a latte, and I'll never forget, I just saw that barista pour that rosetta and I said, 'I'm not leaving this town until I learn how to do that.' " Valena returned to Boston, Massachusetts, and launched Voltage Coffee, a mobile espresso catering company, last fall. "When I was in Seattle, I kind of was amazed by this kind of wired culture that they have going on there. People are just obsessed," Valena says. "They just make this amazing coffee and are just really caffeinated and just getting stuff done. It's a very exciting place to be. "So when I moved back to Boston, I really wanted to kind of bring that energy back with me in a way. And Voltage Coffee is a way to bring that on the road and bring it into other peoples' environments instead of bringing them into a separate place. It's bringing the caffeine to the people," she says.  Watch Valena talk about her enthusiasm for coffee ». Her corporate headquarters is her bedroom, and she wrote her business plan "with all these Business Plan Writing for Dummies books," she says. Valena then took her plan to the Small Business Administration and was directed to Accion USA, a company specializing in microloans. Accion had just begun a partnership with the Boston Beer Company -- brewer of Samuel Adams beers -- to help small food and beverage businesses get funding and free advice. "I love Lucy's dedication to the quality of her product," says Samuel Adams founder Jim Koch. "I'm a big believer that a great product, and the passion that an entrepreneur brings to that, can carry a long way if you have a helping hand. "Lucy stands out as an entrepreneur because she's got a lot of energy, she's got a huge amount of passion for coffee, for her product. And she does wonderful things about quality. "She makes her own flavorings from scratch with fresh ingredients. So, that reminded me a lot of brewing and how we make our beer, and of course you know I believe that anything brewed is good." Valena started Voltage with $2,000 of her own cash and a $4,000 loan she got through the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream program. That $6,000 "covered the espresso machine, the grinders, my table, some membership costs, licensing ... and my costs for a few months with the commercial kitchen facility," she says. Now she's focused on opening a storefront. But she has to incorporate, find a space and get a loan. "I need to convince someone to give me 180 grand," she says. "That's a good chunk of change." Despite the economy, Valena remains undaunted: "I'm just going to keep working at it. I'm not letting up. I'm not letting up, Boston! I don't care!"
"As we approach the end of our first year in prison, I cannot help but feel proud and strengthened by all that has been achieved so far," said journalist Peter Greste in a letter from a Cairo jail cell.|||In the letter, released just a few days before Christmas, the Al Jazeera journalist praises his supporters fighting not just for his release, but also for the freedom of the press worldwide. "We have galvanized an incredible coalition of political, diplomatic and media figures, as well as a vast army of social media supporters to fight for that most basic of rights: the right to know," the former BBC correspondent wrote. Last June, an Egyptian court sentenced Greste and his colleagues Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed to seven years in prison on charges of disseminating false news and supporting a terrorist organization. The three men have steadfastly denied the charges and the Qatari-owned Al Jazeera network has said "they were just doing their job covering and challenging all sides of the story in Egypt." But this week Qatar shut down an Al Jazeera-run affiliate accused by the Cairo government of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood, a group now considered a terror organization by Egypt. Some experts have suggested that the move signals a cooling of tensions between Qatar and Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al Sisi, who overthrew the Muslim Brotherhood and imprisoned much of its leadership last year. This may bode well for the imprisoned journalists, they say. "We haven't won this fight yet -- we are still behind bars after all -- but we have made our cause abundantly and unequivocally clear," the letter reads. "And for that reason, it really is a very good Christmas."
Beirut, Lebanon (CNN) -- Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, considered Hezbollah's first spiritual leader, has died, his office told CNN Sunday.|||According to Hezbollah's website, Fadlallah will be buried Tuesday after the noon prayer at Beirut's al-Imamain al-Hassanein mosque in the capital's Shiite-dominated southern neighborhood. Two days ago, a source in his office told CNN that Fadlallah had been hospitalized in Lebanon and was in "critical condition." The hospitalization came after widespread rumors that the Shiite leader may not live much longer. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri called Fadlallah a "great national and spiritual scholar." "He was at all times and circumstances the voice of moderation, calling for the unity of Lebanese in particular and the Muslims in general, rejecting -- and issuing religious edicts against -- strife, and calling for dialogue as a mean to resolve differences," Hariri said. "He taught us to be a people of dialogue and to reject injustice and resist occupation," Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah said in a statement Sunday. Fadlallah was born in 1935 in the Shiite holy city of Najaf, Iraq, and completed his Quranic studies there, according to his website. He has lived in Lebanon since the 1960s and became a spiritual leader of Hezbollah after it was founded in 1982 in response to an Israeli invasion. In recent years, however, Fadlallah had become distanced from Hezbollah's Iran-influenced leadership. "He stood with great courage and clarity supporting the resistance against the Zionist enemy and was a prominent advocate of Islamic unity fighting division and strife," Hezbollah said in a statement. His views on various topics, including the role of women, are laid out on his website and are considered liberal for a Shiite cleric. But he never swayed from his criticism of Israel. In a letter penned to President Barack Obama last year, Fadlallah said: "The size of support and cover-up provided by your country for the Zionist entity has become known. This entity was established on the land whose people were uprooted by the power of iron and fire. The subsequent American policies have contributed to the loss of the Palestinian cause, despite the ratification of many Security Council resolutions." The United States considers Hezbollah, which has close ties to Iran and Syria, a terrorist organization. The Shiite group is a major provider of social services in Lebanon but also operates a militant wing. CNN's Nada Husseini contributed to this report.
JALOZAI REFUGEE CAMP, Pakistan (CNN) -- It's an exodus on an almost biblical scale. And it has produced a mosaic of plastic and canvas that is now home to more than 93,000 people -- with more arriving each day.|||These children are among the thousands of refugees this month at the Jalozai camp in western Pakistan. This is Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar, suddenly almost a city in its own right as thousands flee the violence raging between the Pakistani army and Taliban fighters. The United Nations estimates that it's the biggest movement of people in Pakistan since the country was formed in 1947. Officials say up to 1.8 million people have been forced from their homes. Food is available at this camp -- fruit traders work their way through the avenues of tents. But people here can't afford to buy much. They make bread with flour handed out by the United Nations, but they say it's not enough. "It's very difficult, there's lots of jostling," says Mehboob Shah, a man at the camp. When there is food, he says, "it's very poor quality -- even the cows won't eat it." Sar Bari Khan arrived 15 days ago with his wife and three children. He says his family walked almost 62 miles to escape the fighting. They had to leave his father behind.  Watch a report on the plight of refugees ». There are eight field hospitals in this camp. On a recent morning, 380 new patients registered for treatment -- most of them women and children, suffering from diarrhea and heat stroke. Some have signs of mental trauma. "They are complaining of fear, phobias, palpitations and all symptoms seem to have started since they arrive in this camp," said Abid Farooqi, with the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences. Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik underlined the seriousness of the situation. "I feel that this is even worse than the earthquake in Kashmir," he said, referring to the 2005 disaster. He noted that most of the people are from an area with relatively cold weather, and are unprepared for the heat here. Officials, he said, "are making all possible arrangements" to help. Water tankers provide a lifeline in the stifling heat. And on the edge of the camp, workers are clearing the ground for more tents. There is no sign of this influx ending any time soon.
(CNN) -- One week after Edvard Munch's "The Scream" shattered art auction records, Mark Rothko's "Orange, Red, Yellow" has broken the price ceiling for a work of contemporary art.|||The 1961 painting, described by auction house Christie's as arguably the most important work by the Russian-Amerian artist to ever appear at auction, sold for almost $87 million Tuesday. The previous record was held by Francis Bacon's Triptych at $86.2 million. "This was an historic event in the auction world, with three major records set in the space of a few short hours," said Brett Gorvy, Chairman and International Head of Post-War and Contemporary Art in a press statement. The entire auction raised a record $388.5 million, surpassing the previous record set in May 2007, also at Christie's, by some four million dollars. Feverish bidding also produced the highest price for a collection sold at auction, for 13 works from the Pincus Collection, described by Christie's as the "most important and comprehensive ensemble of Abstract Expressionism ever to come to auction." The Pincus lots were part of an impressive catalog of post-war art collected over 50 years by former clothing manufacturing boss David Pincus and his wife Gerry before his death last December. The collection included the record-breaking Rothko, bought by Pincus in 1967, which was sold to an anonymous phone-bidder after a seven-minute volley of more than 50 bids, Christie's said. "The art market is ignoring European woes," Randy Slifka, a New York collector and money manager told Bloomberg. "People feel comfortable buying prime works by world-class artists." Of the top 10 works sold, eight buyers were listed as "anonymous," while two were attributed to private buyers from Europe and the U.S. Jon Reade, the managing director of Art Futures Group in Hong Kong, says there's a good chance the money flowing into the Christie's New York auction room Tuesday came from Asian investors looking to diversify their portfolios. "A lot of it's from China, new wealth from China. They're buying property, they're buying cars and they're looking for new asset classes to get involved with," he said. "Of course it's like a knock-on effect, one Chinese billionaire buys an artwork and makes money from it, tells his friend, and it's just reverberating around the whole world art market at the moment." Reade said the Chinese started emerging as major buyers in the art market in 2009 and 2010, coinciding with strong growth in the Chinese economy. A 2011 report by auction sales analysts Artprice said that sales that year "confirmed China's domination of the art market, with the economic health of Asian collectors generating higher price levels than anywhere else in the world." Reade said: "The Chinese art market has been strong for the last two years and is getting stronger and now some of the big global players are coming on board as well." Of the 59 works offered by Christie's at the New York auction, 56 were sold including more than a dozen for record prices for their respective artists. Jackson Pollock's Number 28, 1951, a riot of black enamel and silver-grey paint, sold for just over $23 million, a new world auction record for the artist, Christie's said. And at $36 million, Yves Klein's FC 1 (Fire-Color 1) set a new record for the French artist who created the work just weeks before his death in 1962. Reade, whose firm encourages investment in art, said that he expects demand to continue to rise as investors look for returns beyond traditional and poorly performing markets. "At the moment property in Asia, not just in Hong Kong, has just topped out in a way. Stocks have obviously been very volatile over the last few years to say the least so people are looking to put their money in new asset classes," he said.
College Park, Maryland (CNN) -- In his hectic, noisy laboratory at the University of Maryland, Michael Pecht is wary when it comes to assessing whether Toyota's suggested repair of sticky gas pedals will have any real impact.|||"They are in a bit of a quandary," said Pecht, a professor at Maryland's Clark School of Engineering. "If they announce that electronics is a problem, they are probably going to be in a lot of trouble, because nobody's going to drive the car. So at this stage, they don't want to announce there is any electronic problem." But according to Pecht, who is an expert in failure analysis and has written a book on sudden acceleration in automobiles, complicated electronics -- not a mechanical issue with the gas pedal -- lie at the heart of Toyota's problems. And three other independent safety analysts contacted by CNN also conclude that neither floor mats nor stuck gas pedals are an overwhelming issue. "From what people have told me about their sudden acceleration incidents, most of them have have got nothing to do with the sticking pedal at all," said Antony Anderson, an electronics consultant in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England. Anderson said electronic throttle controls, which largely have replaced mechanical accelerators, can malfunction in ways he compared to an occasionally disobedient child. "We've all had that type of experience, and I'm afraid that is the sort of experience that can happen with any piece of electronics, with an electronic throttle," he said. And Sean Kane, who runs a company called Safety Research Strategies in Rehoboth, Massachusetts, said, "Toyota's explanations do not account for the share of unintended acceleration complaints that we have examined." Toyota officials dispute any assertion that the complicated array of electronics in its cars has an impact on the acceleration issues that have dominated headlines in the past weeks. "After many years of exhaustive testing by us and by other organizations, we have found no evidence of an electronic problem in our electronic throttle control systems that could have led to unwanted acceleration," said John Hanson, Toyota's spokesman on quality-control issues. But experts like Anderson say the tests conducted by Toyota are not adequate. "Those tests do not reproduce what actually happens in everyday life," Anderson said. "They are testing for certain conditions, for certain standards, but they test, for example, signals one at a time. They don't do a whole lot of signals altogether. Whereas in a car, you've got a great cacophony of electromagnetic interference going on all the time, and you really can't rely on testing of a single frequency at one time." As for the U.S. government's testing of Toyota's problems, the man in charge of the Center For Auto Safety, Clarence Ditlow, said that a 2007 test on a Lexus -- a Toyota brand -- by the National Highway Safety and Traffic Administration to find possible electronic interference was amateurish. "They didn't do any real testing," he said. "For all I know, they just took a garage door opener, pointed it at the engine compartment and snapped it, and that's electronic interference to see whether or not anything happened. They closed the hood, and off they went. No problem." iReport: Prius owner stands by his car. Efforts to contact the NHTSA in snow-bound Washington were unsuccessful. But Toyota spokesman Hanson said, "It's very easy to look from outside and say, 'There is no problem with the pedal.' But this is the problem and we are fixing it." Hanson said the company "invited" further testing and pointed out that NHTSA officials announced a "fresh look" into the whole area of electromagnetic testing, not simply limited to Toyota.
(CNN) -- Fifteen years ago, representatives from every nation came together to voice one common goal: to advance the global status of women in the spirit of equality.|||We were there in Beijing, China, when women broke their silence and a resounding message burst forth from the walls of the U.N. Fourth World Conference on Women: No longer would it be acceptable to separate women's rights from human rights. Today, we are seeing a powerful momentum materialize as women in diverse regions raise their voices to claim their rights and inspire change while leading neighborhoods, villages, parliaments and nations forward. As the world navigates through an unprecedented financial crisis, economists and leaders are increasingly turning their attention to the greatest untapped reserve of innovation and resilience -- women. Progress on women's equality is reaching different regions at different paces, but we can see improvement in girls' education, workforce participation and political representation. The global net rate of primary school enrollment for girls is up to 89 percent; the number of women holding nonagricultural, paid jobs continues to increase worldwide; and women's global share of parliamentary seats is rising, now at 18.4 percent. Something much harder to measure, but maybe the most significant of all indicators, is a widespread shift over the past 15 years in the global conversation about women. Our campaign for equality has come out from the darkness of the periphery. We are moving into an age that enables progress and an environment that sustains it. For Rebecca Lolosoli, the light of change is an unsteady flicker. In her home in rural Samburu, Kenya, women who are abused or raped are cast out of their homes; the concept of women's rights is as novel as it is dangerous. She was beaten for raising her voice in dissent, kicked to the ground for promoting a woman's right to live free of violence. Out of injustice that sought to tear her down, she emerged as a courageous voice of change. Rebecca formed Umoja Uaso Women's Village, a cooperative where once-forsaken survivors of violence find healing and independence as artisans who produce vibrant jewelry. Hers is one voice among the millions threatened by a global increase in violence against women -- one in three women will experience violence in her lifetime. We are confronted with a pandemic of violence, and must address it with commensurate force and urgency. Rebecca carries the weight of unrealized human rights on her shoulders. It is our duty to help lessen her load. We must support women like her as equal partners in economic, social and political development, and recognize their ability to practice collaborative leadership and carry their communities forward with each step they take. Recently we honored Rebecca at the 2010 Vital Voices Global Leadership Awards, recognizing her strength and vision as she empowers women and shapes a future free of violence against women. If we want to promote peace and prosperity, we must begin with women. We have seen that in societies where women's rights are respected, economies are stronger, civil societies thrive and political institutions are more open and free. Our progress in the past 15 years is tenuous if it's not shared, reinforced and expanded in all spheres. We must recommit ourselves to women's equality worldwide. Now is the time to build on the momentum and advance positive change. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Field and Alyse Nelson.
(CNN) -- Forget shoot-em-up addicts -- video games are reaching out to the rest of us.|||The greatest symbol of this is the Wii console from Nintendo. Its innovative wireless control -- the Wiimote -- has even non-gamers excited as they swing it through the air to control, say, a tennis racket on the screen. Wii's Wiimote may play a pivotal role in bringing the visually impaired into the electronic gaming fold. But not quite everyone has been reached. One group is still largely ignored by video game makers: the blind. With that in mind, a team of researchers at the Singapore-MIT GAMBIT Game Lab in Massachusetts set out this summer to make a music-based video game that's designed for mainstream players and also accessible to the blind. Appropriately, perhaps, they incorporated the Wiimote into the game-play, though it's optional. The resulting DJ game, designed for the PC, is called AudiOdyssey. In it, players try to lay down different tracks in a song by swinging and waving the Wiimote in time with the beats. Or they can just use keyboard controls. The game reminded this writer of my lack of any rhythm whatsoever. I used the keyboard version, where you're instructed to follow the beat by hitting an arrow key. Miss a beat and you get an ugly sound. Things sounded pretty ugly. But I did start to get a little better after 15 minutes and was awarded occasionally by crowd cheers. It's a fun game. And I got a kick out of it. So did 41-year-old Alicia Verlager. For her, though, the fun is a bit more significant. She's visually impaired. "Play is one of the ways in which people build relationships," she notes. "It's fun to take on the challenge of a game and take turns encouraging and laughing at each other's sillier mistakes. That's the experience I am really craving in a game -- the social aspects." AudiOdyssey is presently single-player only, and there's no scoring system. But a multiplayer online version will be released in a few months. Intriguingly, players in this version won't necessarily know whether their opponent is blind -- and it won't make a difference in the game. "Ideally, they shouldn't even know that it is designed with the visually impaired in mind, since we want to make a 'mainstream' game," says Eitan Glinert, a 25-year-old grad student at GAMBIT and the lead researcher on AudiOdyssey, which is his thesis. That said, "after they find out that the game is designed to be accessible, it increases awareness," he adds. Though using the Wiimote isn't necessary, Glinert believes it's a more fun and expressive option. From a development standpoint, getting the Wiimote to work with a PC game (it's meant to be used only with Nintendo's Wii) was a considerable engineering challenge. And players who want to use the device will have to do a little extra work, as well, including linking a Wiimote to a PC wirelessly via Bluetooth signal (instructions on how to do this are included with the game). Verlager believes AudiOdyssey's use of the Wiimote makes it unique among accessible games. It's also, as far as she knows, the first accessible music game for blind players. A startup called All inPlay offers online games, including poker, designed to allow play between blind and sighted users. For Verlager, it's important that games be mainstream and inclusive -- rather than "special" and for blind players. "I really get frustrated with the way blind people are portrayed as if they live in isolation from the rest of the world and have no sighted family or friends," she says. Media, which includes video games, "is something people share and participate in together, a way of building relationships and exploring feelings and attitudes about real life," she says. For now, AudiOdyssey is an "early concept prototype," says Glinert. But "ultimately, we'd love to bring the game to consoles," he adds. "If we get the chance we'll definitely move quickly on that." The current version of AudiOdyssey is available for free at the GAMBIT Game Lab Web site. E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- It's at least as welcome as a warm face towel or the ping of the seatbelt sign going off: A beautiful view as you land.|||A panel of travel editors, seasoned pilots and other industry experts has drawn up a shortlist of the world's most scenic airport approaches for users of the private-jet charter firm PrivateFly.com to vote on. Any type of landing was eligible, from the approach over rooftops used by private craft at Amsterdam Schiphol, to the ultra-low, beach-shaving descent on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten and the dip past Manhattan's skyscraper cluster when approaching New York's JFK. One entry that stands out for topicality on this year's shortlist: Sochi International Airport. "What a spectacular arrival for the 2014 Winter Olympics," recalls one fan on the site. "You descend over the Black Sea, watching the city and Olympic Park unfold in front of you, with a beautiful mountain backdrop." What the shortlist (a selection is shown in the gallery above) reveals is the human ingenuity for building airports almost anywhere, on land or on sea. Or in the case of Barra Airport, in the Scottish Outer Hebrides, somewhere in between -- the beach runway is submerged at high tide. Voting in the PrivateFly.com poll closes at the end of March.
(CNN) -- Apple on Wednesday said it would cut the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display while simultaneously updating it with faster processors.|||The 15-inch model is also getting improved specs, although its price remains the same. The 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro now starts at $1,499 for 128GB of solid-state flash storage, and $1,699 for 256GB of storage. The higher-end model also includes a more robust 2.6GHz Intel Core i5 processor. The 15-inch model still starts at $2,199, but now that gets you a quad-core 2.4GHz Core i7 processor. If you want the best of the best, you can now get a 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro with a quad-core 2.7GHz Core i7 processor with 16GB of RAM for $2,799. SEE ALSO: Retina MacBook Pro: The Laptop From the Future [REVIEW]. In addition to the adjustments to the Retina MacBook Pro line, Apple also took the price of its 13-inch MacBook Air down a notch: The 13-inch model with 256GB of flash storage now costs $1,399. The new prices and specs are effective today, both online and in Apple Stores. The price cuts and speed bumps of the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro make a lot of sense in the light of reviews, which praised the laptop's high-resolution 2,560 x 1,600 display, but lamented that it didn't have the same kind of power to drive those pixels as its larger 15-inch sibling. "What's inescapable is that this first version of the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro isn't a winner when it comes to price and performance," wrote Mashable senior tech analyst Christina Warren in her review. "It's just a bit too expensive." Will the price cuts and improved specs make you more inclined to buy a MacBook in the next few weeks? Let us know in the comments. See the original article on Mashable.com. © 2013 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
(EW.com) -- Two weeks ago, EW premiered the trailer for Nickelodeon's reboot of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series, and now we've got some more exclusive information for you: The children's cable network will premiere the show on Saturday, Sept. 29 at 11 a.m. in a one-hour special event. Nickelodeon will officially announce the premiere date on the network on Saturday.|||The half-hour action series is set to consist of 26 episodes about the four, butt-kicking turtles who rise from the sewers: Leonardo ("American Pie's" Jason Biggs), Raphael ("Lord of the Rings'" Sean Astin), Michelangelo ("Teen Titan's" Greg Cipes), and Donatello ("Planet Sheen's" Rob Paulsen, who voiced Raphael in the original animated series during the '80s and '90s). The network describes the series as: "Funnier and with more Ninjutsu than ever before, the show will explore the companionship of four teenage brothers learning to rely on themselves and one another as they unravel the mystery of their existence and grow to become the heroes in a half-shell that they are destined to be." Rounding out key roles in the series include Mae Whitman ("Parenthood") as the boys' pal April O'Neil; Hoon Lee ("Royal Pains") as the Turtles' sensei and father figure Master Splinter; and Kevin Michael Richardson ("Penguins of Madagascar") as nemesis Shredder. See the full story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- It did not happen when the top job opened up at the International Monetary Fund: Christine Lagarde of France won out over candidates such as Mexico's Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens, who put up a good fight.|||It did not happen at the World Bank either: Washington leaned on the members of the developed world to back their man Jim Yong Kim, the former president of Dartmouth College. But the third time was the charm for those in emerging markets to finally run a post-World War II institution in modern times. Brazil's Roberto Azevedo took the flag after voting from the 159 members of the World Trade Organisation, becoming its first ever Director General from South America. He outpolled Herminio Blanco of Mexico -- another highly experienced trade veteran -- who had the backing of other NAFTA members the United States and Canada. Read more: Building on 'BRICS': The next emerging economies. As the new DG, Azevedo did not overplay the significance of what his backing meant. But in his first television interview since securing the job he acknowledged the shift to the emerging markets. "It is important to have the developing world and the emerging economies being participants, active participants even in a leadership role as well," he said. Not surprisingly he came out of the starting gate in the role saying that resuscitating the Doha Round of free trade talks is priority number one. Read more: O'Neill: Euro may not exist by 2020. "We have a very large trade agenda to push forward, but we can't because we are paralyzed," said the veteran trade negotiator, who noted that the rules governing the WTO are outdated. The job will not be easy. For his predecessor, Pascal Lamy, the term was a frustrating one. In the midst of the worst financial crisis in a generation, free trade slipped right off the global agenda. Some would contend the crisis reignited protectionist tendencies, especially in emerging markets. Watch more: O'Neill: BRIC more important than EU. According to the World Bank, Argentina topped the list of countries that filed the most measures to guard certain sectors and products from competition. It was joined by the BRIC countries and the U.S., rounding out the top six places. Azevedo will have to take a nuanced approach to navigate demands at home in Brazil and at the same time chart a new course to build a consensus. Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff raised the tenor of the protectionist debate when she accused Washington of driving down the value of the U.S. dollar to the detriment of developing countries. Read more: Defterios: Are the emerging 'BRICS' markets dead? The new Director General suggested in our interview that the topic of currency fluctuations could also be included in the WTO's agenda, even if other institutions such as the IMF keep it on theirs as well. "I am optimistic that the organisation can look at these very important issues that are a big part of today's business world," he said, adding that the WTO needs to avoid a "disconnect" between business and the multi-lateral trading system. To get the Doha Round moving forward as opposed to sitting in neutral where it has been for years, top trade officials told me emerging economies need to embrace market opening measures. Their resistance to change is what allowed them to stumble badly in the past two years. Azevedo said it is important to move forward: "We cannot look backwards. What we have to do is raise our heads, look forward, roll up our sleeves and work." Brazil is a prime example of how a lack of reforms has undermined the economy. After growing seven and a half percent in 2010, the vast emerging market just managed to grow less than one percent last year. That may be Roberto Azevedo's prime argument to revive free trade. Now he has to get at home and in other emerging markets to embrace that concept as well.
Like nearly everything else Clinton-related this week, Hillary Clinton's convention speech remained a question mark until the last minute.|||The overriding goal for Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night was to redirect her supporters toward Barack Obama. Its content was a mystery to even some of her closest advisers, who told CNN hours before the speech they weren't sure it was finished quite yet. It was a work in progress until the very end -- and one of its strongest rallying cries appeared nowhere in the prepared text. "That is our mission, Democrats -- Let us elect Barack Obama and Joe Biden," the New York senator told a capacity crowd waving signs that said "unity" on one side and bore either Clinton's or Obama's name on the other. So far, the Democratic convention has been dominated by news of the Clintons. What would Hillary Clinton say Tuesday night? And what would her husband, former President Bill Clinton, say Wednesday night? Would daughter Chelsea introduce her mother onstage, fueling visions of another Democratic dynasty? And what will happen Wednesday, when the convention roll call will either provide the "catharsis" Clinton predicted it might -- or reopen primary season wounds?  Watch Clinton's entire speech ». The overriding goal for Clinton Tuesday night was to redirect the energy and emotion of her strongest supporters to the presumptive nominee's campaign -- if not for his political future, for her own. If the rank-and-file believe a schism in the party generated by her supporters cost Democrats the election, it could sabotage any potential White House plans for her. She pushed for her loyalists to back her primary season rival with language that echoed her stump speech about forgotten Americans:. "I want you to ask yourselves: Were you in this campaign just for me?" she asked. "Or were you in it for that young Marine and others like him? Were you in it for that mom struggling with cancer while raising her kids? Were you in it for that boy and his mom surviving on the minimum wage? Were you in it for all the people in this country who feel invisible?" Read what analysts say about Clinton's speech. She gave Obama the seal of approval on health care, an issue that made for some of her toughest language on the trail. "I can't wait to watch Barack Obama sign a health care plan into law that covers every single American," she said. There were a few notable gaps. There was little on foreign policy. There was no unequivocal statement that Barack Obama is qualified to be commander in chief and ready to lead from Day One. McCain advisers noted soon after the speech, there was no mention of the candidates' differing stands on abortion -- one issue which might have been expected to resonate with those women who supported Clinton and have been slow to warm to Obama. But Clinton's language about what was at stake this November could have been lifted from a speech by any of the most passionate Obama supporters. "Nothing less than the fate of our nation and the future of our children hang in the balance," she told the crowd. "I want you to think about your children and grandchildren come Election Day. And think about the choices your parents and grandparents made that had such a big impact on your life and on the life of our nation." Clinton has not addressed whether another presidential campaign is possible anytime in her future, but some of her senior advisers have been less reticent. There's no way to tell whether their predictions come from inside knowledge or wishful thinking, but senior Clinton aides like former campaign chairman Terry McAuliffe and former campaign communications director Howard Wolfson have told reporters this week that they expect her to make another run for the White House in eight years -- after a two-term Obama presidency. If that happens, Tuesday night may have marked the first speech of her 2016 campaign.
LONDON, England (CNN)  -- A wicked opportunity is brewing at Wookey Hole Caves in western England.|||Aspiring witches audition for the job Tuesday at Wookey Hole Caves in England. Applicants are flocking to the town of Wells in Somerset Tuesday in the hopes of being selected as the caves' new resident witch. With the promise of £50,000 ($82,000) per year, and a spacious cave to boot, more than 2,000 candidates are stashing their wart remover and grabbing their broomsticks to persuade a panel of judges to choose them. The winner will portray the notorious witch that is said to have haunted the caves in the Dark Ages. The witch lived in the cave with goats until an abbot threw holy water on her, turning her to stone, legend says. Locals say her frozen figure can still be seen in the caves today. Legend has it that the witch cursed crops, caused disease and soured milk in the area, audition organizers say. Today, the caves at Wookey Hole are part of a tourist attraction with rides, a circus, theme parks and restaurants. The company that runs it, Wookey Hole Ltd., pays the witch's salary on a year-long contract. The would-be witches have one minute to perform for the panel Tuesday, employing their best cackle and whatever props they can carry, organizers say. The position won't necessarily go to a woman; male and transgender witches are also invited to apply. Applicants are told they must, however, be knowledgeable in the history of witchcraft, be willing to travel, sleep overnight in caves, and cannot be allergic to cats. Organizers say they've had applications from men, women and 230 mothers-in-law.
(CNN) -- Mark David Chapman, the man convicted of killing former Beatle John Lennon, has been denied parole for a seventh time, according to the New York Department of Corrections.|||He was last up for parole in 2010, when he was told his "discretionary release remains inappropriate at this time and incompatible with the welfare of the community," according to the state's Division of Parole. He was also denied parole in 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2008. Chapman, 57, is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison and is being held at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden. He is in protective custody in a single-person cell, corrections spokeswoman Carole Claren-Weaver said, and is allowed out three hours per day. Since his transfer from Attica this year, Chapman has reapplied to participate in a state program called "family reunion," which allows inmates to spend more time with family members. Chapman has not had an infraction since 1994. It is not clear whether he currently has legal representation. The British singer-songwriter Lennon was gunned down outside his Manhattan apartment on December 8, 1980. John Lennon's killer seeks freedom again.
London (CNN) -- Pakistani girls' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai, who has found international fame since being shot by Taliban militants last year, met with another icon Friday: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II.|||The Queen and her husband, Prince Philip, invited the young activist to a reception at Buckingham Palace, where they met and chatted for a short time. Malala, who was accompanied by her father, Ziauddin Yousafzai, presented the Queen with a copy of her newly published memoir, titled "I am Malala." "It's nice to meet you and it's a great honor coming here, and I wanted to present you my book," Malala said. Queen Elizabeth responded, "That's very kind of you. Thank you very much indeed." Malala said she hoped the two could work together to make sure all children receive an education, not just in Pakistan, but in the United Kingdom, too. "I hope that we will all work together for the education of every child, and especially in this country as well, because I have heard about many children that cannot go to school," she said. "So I hope that we will continue our work on youth empowerment." In his inimitable fashion, the Queen's husband, Prince Philip, made a joke about children and education when meeting Malala at the palace. "It's one thing about children going to school," he said, "they go to school because their parents don't want them in the house." In an interview with CNN last week, Malala joked that she was going "because it's the order of the Queen, it's the command." Malala has been based in Britain since she was rushed there for major surgery after the Taliban shot her in the head in her native Pakistan because of her efforts to promote girls' education. Malala: Accolades, applause and a grim milestone. It's been a busy few days for the 16-year-old. Last Friday, as the world marked the International Day of the Girl, she met U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama at the White House. Pakistan's educational challenges. Undaunted by the occasion, she challenged the President over U.S. drone strikes in her homeland, saying that they risk "fueling terrorism" and that U.S. efforts would be better focused on promoting education, according to a statement she released. The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary part of the fight against militant groups, including the Taliban. A day earlier, Malala won the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, awarded by the European Parliament. Parliament President Martin Schulz called her a "brave advocate for education" who "reminds us of our duty toward children and especially girls." Malala's memoir, which recounts her experiences after she was shot and her determination not to be intimidated by extremists, was released October 8. There had been speculation that she might also be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last Friday, but it went instead to the world's chemical weapons watchdog. Why Malala's bravery inspires us. Malala's activism started after the Taliban banned girls from schools in Pakistan's Swat Valley in 2009. She anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order and became an open advocate for girls' education. In 2011, Malala told CNN, "I have the right of education. I have the right to play. I have the right to sing. I have the right to talk." A year later, at age 15, she was riding the bus home from school when a Taliban gunman climbed aboard and shot her in the head. She nearly died. Since then, Malala has recovered and continued advocating for girls' education, despite ongoing death threats from the Taliban. CNN's Max Foster contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- They were fathers and daughters, tycoons and spiritualists, Westerners and Asians, who were in Mumbai for different reasons. But they met the same fate in the indiscriminate path of gunfire and explosions in a string of terror attacks across the Indian city this week.|||Kia Scherr, left, has told CNN that her husband, Alan Scherr, and daughter Naomi were killed in Mumbai. At least 183 people were killed this week in attacks on several high-traffic landmarks, many of which tourists frequent. Their deaths have torn families and communities apart, and many more have yet to be confirmed. Small snapshots of the victims have begun to emerge, most of them pertaining to foreigners. Limited reports have circulated about victims from India. A father and daughter from a Virginia meditation group were among five Americans confirmed dead, the U.S. State Department said Friday. Kia Scherr told CNN on Friday that her husband, Alan, 58, and daughter, Naomi, 13, were killed. She said she knew her husband and daughter were dining at the Oberoi, a Mumbai hotel, when gunfire broke out Wednesday night. Scherr said she last spoke to them Thursday.  Watch friends tell the story of the Scherrs' visit to Mumbai ». The father and daughter had been in India since November 17 and were due to leave Monday, Scherr said. A spokeswoman for The Synchronicity Foundation, a meditation group based near Charlottesville, Virginia, said the two were among 25 members of the group who were visiting India. The other Synchronicity people who were staying at the Oberoi "are accounted for and safe," the group's Web site said. Hemant Karkare, Anti-Terrorism Squad chief for Maharashtra state, was among at least 16 members of Indian law enforcement officers killed in the attacks. Mumbai is in Maharashtra. Karkare was leading an offensive against gunmen late Wednesday when he was shot three times in the chest, CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported. Karkare, who joined the Indian Police Service in 1982, became ATS chief in January after spending seven years in Austria at the Research and Analysis Wing, Indian's external foreign intelligence agency, according to CNN-IBN. Five hostages, including a rabbi and his wife, were killed in a standoff at the Chabad House, said Rabbi Zalman Shmotkin, a spokesman for Chabad-Lubavitch International in the United States.  Watch: Rabbi and wife killed in Mumbai ». Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg, the city's envoy for the community, and his wife, Rivka, had been held hostage at the Chabad House, known as the Nariman House in Mumbai. The building houses the Mumbai headquarters of the Chabad community, a Hasidic Jewish movement. Gavriel Holtzberg, 29, was born in Israel and moved to Brooklyn, New York, with his parents when he was 9. Rivka, 28, was a native of Afula, Israel, the organization said.  Watch the Chabad community in New York react ». The Holtzbergs arrived in Mumbai in 2003 to serve the Jewish community there, Chabad-Lubavitch International said. "As emissaries to Mumbai, Gabi and Rivky gave up the comforts of the West in order to spread Jewish pride in a corner of the world that was a frequent stop for throngs of Israeli tourists," said Rabbi Moshe Kotlarsky, vice chairman of Merkos L'Inyonei Chinuch, the educational arm of Chabad-Lubavitch, in a statement. Gavriel Holtzberg made a phone call to the Israeli Consulate to report that gunmen were in his house, the organization said. "In the middle of the conversation, the line went dead," the organization said. It did not say when the phone call took place. A cook at the center, who had barricaded herself in a room, grabbed the couple's son and escaped with another person, the Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported. The boy's 2nd birthday is Saturday, said Rabbi Yehuda Krinsky, chairman of the Educational and Social Services arms of the Chabad-Lubavitch Movement. "Today, he became an orphan," Krinsky said at a news conference in New York.  Watch as Krinsky vows the Chabad community will raise the child ». The couple's other child was not in Mumbai at the time and is safe, Krinsky said. Among others confirmed dead:. CNN's Zain Verjee and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Chad Dickerson's shoulder bag is made out of an old bomber jacket, sewn together by a craftsman in Germany. Out of it he pulls a few of his favorite things - a linen laptop case, and a travel document holder made from Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line" album cover.|||It's a little dog-eared, but then it is from 1964. The folder was bought and sold through Etsy, an online marketplace which Dickerson has helped lead since 2008, first as chief technology officer then as chief executive since 2011. Etsy is an e-commerce website, selling vintage goods -- which must be over 20 years old -- and homemade items. It also sells supplies for arts and craft. Other sites offering a similar craft-based marketplace include DaWanda and ArtFire. The company was started in 2005 and became profitable in 2009, even as the credit crunch dragged down the U.S. and European economies. It has received $91 million in funding from investors including Accel Partners and Hurbert Burda. It is creating virtual and actual communities which, according to Dickerson, are disrupting global supply chains by directly linking buyers and sellers. While Etsy, a headline act for Le Web London, is an e-commerce site, its "primary driver is a the authorship and provenance of where something came from," Dickerson told CNN. "That really sets us apart." Read more: LeWeb 2013 - the best bits you might have missed. It also provides "an antidote" to the disjoint between people and the goods they consume, Dickerson says. On Etsy, "you can both get a quality item and something that is totally unique." Etsy, which has 900,000 active "shops," attracts 60 million unique visitors a month, with a 70% jump in year-on-year marketplace sales in 2012, to just over $895 million. The company takes a 3.5% commission and the rest goes to the seller. It has created the commercial "opposite of what major retailers do these days," Dickerson says. He points to the factory collapse in Bangladesh, in which more than 1,100 people died, as the type of commerce Etsy stands against. "[Etsy's success] is a backlash but it's a very positive one," Dickerson says. "When we talk about the vision for Etsy, we say that we are re-imagining commerce to build a more fulfilling and lasting world." It's not one in which commercialism is a bad thing, Dickerson says. "We believe that commercial activity, in the buying and selling of things, when done well actually improves the world." Etsy has perhaps benefited from the credit crunch, as those suffering financial pain seek to boost their incomes with online selling, but Dickerson also points to a "new form of economic activity." It is "not just the economic cycle, it's the creation of a new type of opportunity," Dickerson says. "You can make a life, not just a living." That reflects the ethos of Dickerson himself, a former Yahoo executive, who studied English literature before becoming fascinated by the opportunities of the open source software movement. "I see the same dynamic on Etsy, but instead of creating open source software the Etsy community is creating something even more profound," Dickerson says. Etsy, is creating a "whole new way of looking at commerce." Etsy has teams to investigate authenticity of items and the website's community is also on the look-out for any misrepresentation. But Etsy is being challenged by the relentless drive of technology. The emergence of 3-D printing is something that's made us "think about our world view," Dickerson says. Some sellers used 3-D printed parts in what they sell, but questions remain over whether it qualifies as craft. According to Dickerson: "The truth is we don't know, because it is so new we are learning along with everyone else."
(CNN) -- I have so few images of myself as a baby that 30 years ago, when I first picked up a camera, I never could have imagined that my imagery of other babies would resonate around the world.|||Since then, I've been fortunate to photograph thousands of children, and within these images I've always tried to convey the purity, beauty and innocence of the newborn. I truly feel that they represent the very essence of our existence and when they are with me in my studio they always bring joy to my heart. The vulnerability of the newborn -- without care, nourishment, love and attention they cannot survive -- is a fact of life. Every mother reading this will remember the moment when she first gazed into the eyes of her baby. Out of that fog which can constitute childbirth, we are not only automatically transported into our new lives as mothers, but that essential nurturing instinct instantly becomes part of us, as we promise ourselves that we will do everything we can to protect the new life we have created. And after giving birth, we as women become members of the vast sisterhood of mothers -- a universal oneness; a shared experience to which we can all relate. As the global advocate for the United Nations Foundation's Shot@Life campaign, and as a part of my commitment to support the Every Woman Every Child initiative, this Mother's Day I ask all mothers to pause for a moment. Spare a thought for another mother in the world who feels exactly the same way about her own child as you do about yours, yet is helpless to protect them against common diseases such as measles, pneumonia, diarrhea or polio. Ultimately Shot@Life aims to help save the lives of the 1.5 million children under the age of 5 who die every year from diseases that are entirely preventable by vaccines. Please don't be overwhelmed by these statistics -- within your heart just imagine one child and one mother. It is very difficult for any parent in a developed country to comprehend that $20 can save the life of a child. Put yourself in another mother's shoes. If someone were to say to you, "I can save the life of your child for $20," what would your response be? Shot@Life aims to save the lives of 1,000 children by Mother's Day, and I think we can achieve this goal. If just 1,000 people gave $20 each in celebration of Mother's Day, we could save the lives of 1,000 children. How hard can it be? A thousand children saved, and the pain of a thousand mothers eased. Collectively, our babies are a compelling and persuasive symbol of hope and the transforming power of unconditional love. Let's make sure that all of our children live to realize their potential. Together we can all make a difference. To help reach our Mother's Day goal, click here. Follow Anne Geddes on her blog, Facebook and Twitter. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne Geddes.
(CNN) -- Torrential rainfall unleashed flooding and spawned a rare tornado warning in California on Tuesday as a series of storms moved through, with more expected Wednesday and Thursday.|||Weather-related problems also affected Northern California, where Fresno's Yosemite International Airport lost the ability to send passengers through security because of a power outage. Landings and takeoffs were not affected, because a backup system kicked in, said Vikkie Calderon, airport spokeswoman. However, the backup system for the lobby did not kick in. Airlines were remotely checking passengers in Tuesday afternoon, but the outage prevented security screenings until power was restored, Calderon said. By midafternoon, security screenings had resumed. In Southern California, a possible tornado was reported in Huntington Beach by the Orange County emergency manager, the National Weather Service reported. Boats in the nearby harbor and some buildings in the area were damaged, and a vehicle was flipped. As of Tuesday afternoon, about 50 people were in the process of being evacuated from homes in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles because of severe flooding, according to Los Angeles Police Department Officer Gregory Baek. About 20 vehicle rescues took place in the same area, he said. Video from CNN affiliate KCAL showed flooding in Long Beach, where a boater was using a raft to navigate flooded streets lined by cars with water up over their headlights. Watch and read KCAL's reports. A rare tornado warning was issued Tuesday afternoon for southeastern Orange County, including the cities of Mission Viejo and San Clemente, and northwestern San Diego County, including the cities of Oceanside and Carlsbad. The National Weather Service said radar indicated a severe thunderstorm capable of producing a tornado. A 93 mph wind gust was reported by lifeguards at the Newport Beach pier, the weather service said. Gusts of 72 mph and 73 mph were also measured. Are you there? Send us your stories and images. Piers in Orange County were closed because of high surf, according to the Orange County Fire Authority. There were some reports of damage and flooding, but no known injuries, officials said. Forecasters warned the rainfall could trigger slides in recent burn areas and also warned about damaging winds. Some areas received as much as 3 inches of rain on Monday and could see an additional 2 inches Tuesday, the weather service said. Even stronger storms, with heavy rain and powerful winds, are forecast to hit the region Wednesday and Thursday. Wind and rain prompted power outages Monday in Southern California, according to Southern California Edison. CNN's Sara Pratley, Chad Myers, Rosalina Nieves and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The taxi rocked to the pounding sounds of French rap music.|||My wife turned to our hostess. "Can you ask him to turn it down?" The hostess waved her hands nervously. "No, it will only offend him." She explained: The massive Paris taxi shortage had transformed the city's cab drivers into so many motorized Soup Nazis: "My cab, my music; if you don't like it -- walk." Back in 1937, Paris capped the number of taxi permits at 14,000. Now, 75 years later, a bigger and vastly richer Paris receives some 27 million tourist visits per year -- and the number of cabs has edged up less than 14%, to 15,900. Result: In wind and rain and baking sun, Parisians must stand in long lines at taxi stands for cabs that never come. In 2007, the new government of Nicolas Sarkozy proposed to supplement the existing fleet. It would license 6,500 new cars in Paris, 23,500 in the rest of France. The proposal triggered a strike that shut down the city for a day -- and frightened Sarkozy into surrender. Five years later, it's as difficult to find a cab in Paris as ever. (Paris has about 2,000 more cab licenses than New York, which has a much bigger population, but New York has a vast fleet of cars for hire to supplement medallion cabs -- and except for the luxury market, car services are illegal in Paris.) On the list of world problems, the difficulties of Paris taxi riders may seem to rank low. Think again. Almost 3 million French people are now out of work, the severest unemployment in 12 years. Millions more have quit the workforce altogether, subsisting on disability pensions or other social benefits. Prolonged mass unemployment in Europe has triggered a global debate about the euro currency, and rightly so. Yet it's also true that every day, people in Europe are denied work by dumb laws that prevent willing customers from hiring them. Adding 30,000 new taxi licenses in France would mean more than 90,000 daily taxi shifts: In other words, upwards of 90,000 new jobs. And it's not just taxis. France's Raffarin law strictly regulates the creation of new retail premises. Anyone who wishes to create a new store in France of more than 300 square meters must first gain permission from a government commission that includes -- wait for it! -- other existing retailers. In Germany likewise, the federal government until recently forbade stores to stay open past 10 p.m. (In 2011, the federal government transferred authority over hours to the states, some of which have chosen to allow longer openings.) In almost every European country, restrictions on firing workers have made employers very reluctant about hiring in the first place. That hesitation -- plus heavy payroll taxes that raise hiring costs -- explain why so many European restaurants, cafes, and shops seem so lightly staffed compared to their American counterparts. These are not macroeconomic issues. They don't involve central banks or currency policy. These are anti-competitive rules that prevent hiring that employers would want to do even in bad economic times. Fixing these rules requires some political courage, which is never in super-abundant supply. But courage is not the only thing needed. Imagination and ingenuity are even more important. Go back to our Parisian taxi drivers. Why are they so opposed to adding to the taxi fleet? Interestingly, they're not concerned about competition for fares: They know as well as anybody that the cab shortage is leaving money quite literally standing on the sidewalk. What concerns them, rather, is the value of their licenses. Paris drivers have paid nearly 200,000 euros for their licenses -- money they have usually borrowed and must work frantically to repay. Drivers regard their licenses as precious capital assets, which they hope to resell in turn. If the fleet increases, the value of those licenses would presumably drop. Sarkozy's 2007 reform proposals called for giving away the 30,000 additional licenses for free. It said nothing about compensating the existing licensees. If drivers had been reassured on that point, they might have been mollified -- and if they still protested, overriding such protests would have been easier. France's new president, Francois Hollande, has yet to take a stance on this. It's not enough for Europe's would-be reformers to summon their courage. They must also be shrewd -- and that's no easy task in a crisis terrifying enough to cause almost anyone to lose his or her head. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
(CNN)  -- Sudan on Tuesday signed a framework peace accord with rebels from the nation's volatile Darfur region, state media reported.|||The framework agreement is considered the first step towards the achievement of a lasting peace accord in Darfur. The signing of the cease-fire agreement with the rebel Justice and Equality Movement coincided with a four-way summit in Doha, Qatar, the state-run SUNA news agency said. Participants at the summit include the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani; Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir; the president of Chad, Idris Deby; and Eritrean President Assais Afwerki, SUNA reported. The participants are expected to discuss means of achieving peace in the region, welcoming the steps for realizing peace in Darfur, progress of the relations between Qatar, Sudan, Chad and Eritrea and other issues of mutual concern, SUNA said. Tahir al-Fati, chairman of the Justice and Equality Movement's legislative assembly, told CNN on Saturday that a preliminary document for the framework agreement was signed Saturday in Chad between representatives of the two sides. A permanent cease-fire -- which, according to this preliminary accord, is to be signed before March 15 -- will be a final step, al-Fati said. Last year, Sudan's government and the JEM rebels signed a confidence-building agreement in Qatar, a step toward ending the six-year conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands. Qatar has been mediating talks between the two sides in the Darfur conflict, which erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government. The government launched a brutal counterinsurgency campaign, aided by government-backed Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur, killing, torturing and raping residents, according to the United Nations, Western governments and human rights organizations. Al-Bashir is under pressure to end the fighting, particularly after the International Criminal Court charged him with genocide last year in connection with the government's campaign of violence in Darfur. In the past seven years, more than 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat, disease or malnutrition, the United Nations says. An additional 2.7 million people fled their homes because of fighting among rebels, government forces and allied militias. CNN's Jennifer Z. Deaton contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- World number two Novak Djokovic extended his winning run in 2011 to 27 matches with a 7-6 6-2 win over Spain's Feliciano Lopez to win the Serbia Open in Belgrade Sunday.|||It was top seed and home favorite Djokovic's fifth title of the year after his wins at the Australian Open, Dubai, Indian Wells and Miami. The 23-year-old Djokovic is now two wins away from equaling Ivan Lendl's record of a 29-0 winning season start, set in 1986. Rain interrupted the final twice with Djokovic battling it out on home clay for 73 minutes before wrapping up the first set on a tiebreak. The start of the second set was also delayed by rain before Djokovic secured a pair of breaks to wrap up victory. His last defeat came against Roger Federer in the semifinals of the ATP World Tour Finals last November and he closed out 2010 by leading Serbia to the victory in the Davis Cup final on home soil against France. Djokovic is firmly focused on toppling Rafael Nadal as world number one this season. "I need to stay healthy and I need to stay fit in order to play well. The winning streak is something I don't really think about," he told the official ATP Tour website. "I am flattered that people compare me to the greats, like Lendl, (John) McEnroe, (Roger) Federer, Nadal -- guys who have made history on the tennis court. But I have some other goals to achieve this year. "Obviously the number one ranking is still far away, even though I've been winning every match I've played this year and won five titles in a row. "But I know I need to do more and if I ever get to that number one in the world it would be a dream come true for me, because it's been the ambition of my career." Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro is also in fine form heading into the second grand slam of the season at the French Open later this month and secured his second title of the season with a 6-2 6-2 win over Fernando Verdasco in the final of the Estoril Open Sunday. Del Potro, who is returning to his best after missing most of 2010 with a wrist injury, was claiming his ninth ATP title from 12 final appearances. "This is a great victory, it's unbelievable to win on clay. It's something I never expected so soon," he told AFP. Former world number three Nikolay Davydenko of Russia won the Munich ATP title Sunday with a 6-3 3-6 6-1 victory over Germany's Florian Mayer. It was his 21st ATP title and his first since Doha in January 2010. On the WTA Tour, world number one Caroline Wozniacki began her campaign at the Madrid Masters Sunday with a 6-2 6-3 win over Japan's Ayumi Morita. Maria Sharapova and Francesca Schiavone also went through to the second round at the tournament which also features the ATP Masters 1000 event with  Nadal as top seed. But title holder Aravane Rezai of France lost to Swedish qualifier Sofia Arvidsson 6-3 3-6 6-4 in a shock defeat.
(RS.com) -- Neil Young has filed for divorce from Pegi Young, his wife of 36 years and frequent musical collaborator.|||A petition for dissolution of marriage was filed by Young in their hometown of San Mateo, California, on July 29. A hearing is scheduled for December 12. A rep for Neil Young had no comment. Pegi is the inspiration for some of Young's most enduring love songs, including "Such a Woman," "Unknown Legend" and "Once an Angel." She began serving as his background singer in the 1990s, sharing the stage with him at the 1994 Academy Awards and numerous tours over the past 20 years. Review: Neil Young's 'A Letter Home' They last performed together at the Bridge School Benefit in October of 2013. Neil first met Pegi when she was working as a waitress at a diner near his California ranch, a story he tells in the 1992 song "Unknown Legend." "I used to order just to watch her float across the floor," he sang. "She grew up in a small town/Never put her roots down." 20 insanely great Neil Young songs only hardcore fans know. Pegi has released three solo albums since 2007 and she's toured extensively on her own, occasionally with Neil on guitar. Inspired by the lack of educational opportunities for their son Ben, who suffers from cerebral palsy, they co-founded the Bridge School in 1986, which educates children with severe physical impairments. They raise funds for it every year with an all-star concert in Mountain View, California. Neil recently wrapped up a European Crazy Horse tour and is slated to play American solo acoustic dates in October. Pegi just concluded a brief U.S. club tour. They were both slated to play Farm Aid in Raleigh, North Carolina, on September 13, though Pegi's name was recently removed from the lineup. See the original story at RollingStone.com. Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone.
(CNN) -- With the third season of "Games of Thrones" under way on HBO, series star Kit Harington opens up to Glamour magazine about what to expect from his character, Jon Snow.|||Snow, the bastard son of Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark, is just getting to know Ygritte, played by former "Downton Abbey" actress Rose Leslie. When Glamour asked Harington how his tumultuous relationship with the redheaded Free Folk might be different in real life, he said, "I think they'd be exactly the same." "She'd still be taking the piss out of Jon, and Jon would still be getting angry about it. And secretly quite enjoying it," he said. Speaking of women in real life, Harington said he's most attracted to funny women who understand his sense of humor. "I like a girl who does not take me seriously, you know?" he said. "It's important to be able to laugh at each other. And I like a girl who eats. I much prefer that she order the burger." Check out the full interview at Glamour.com, or pick up the magazine's April issue on newsstands now.
(CNN) -- California Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor ruled Thursday that two autopsy photos of Michael Jackson can be submitted as evidence during the upcoming trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, a person inside the courtroom told CNN.|||Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter. Authorities  allege that he gave Jackson propofol, a surgical anesthetic drug, that combined with several sedatives found in his blood to kill the singer on June 25, 2009, the Los Angeles County  coroner has said. Jury selection in Murray's trial began last month and will continue into  early May. Opening statements and testimony are scheduled to begin May  9. Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley and his team had filed a motion Tuesday to allow jurors to see the photos, arguing that California courts "permit (prosecutors) to admit autopsy photographs, as they are relevant, (that) will illustrate the testimony of witnesses and will enhance the jury's understanding of the prosecution's case." The photographs will be "properly redacted as deemed appropriate," the prosecution said. "These limited photographs will help demonstrate that Michael Jackson was generally in excellent health and that, while thin, his body weight was within the normal range," the prosecution said in its motion, adding that the medical examiner and other experts may reference the autopsy photos during the trial. The defense has argued that Jackson self-administered the propofol in a desperate attempt to get sleep before a rehearsal. Murray  told investigators he was trying to wean Jackson off propofol in the  last days of his life, but that he used it along with other  drugs to help the pop star sleep that last morning. The defense  claims that the singer's dermatologist, Dr. Arnold Klein, injected  Jackson with powerful painkillers dozens of times in the last months of  his life, unknown to Murray. The Medical Board  of California and Los Angeles County coroner investigated Klein after  Jackson's death, but he was never charged, and no action was taken to  revoke his medical license. Earlier this month, Michael Jackson's dermatologist was ordered to give copies of the pop  star's medical records to Murray's attorneys. Defense attorney Ed Chernoff argued he needed the financial  and medical information to make the case that Jackson, who he said was "a  desperate man in many respects," gave himself the fatal dose of surgical  anesthesia while the doctor was not watching. Judge Pastor did not order estate executors to give the defense detailed financial information about money the singer owed when he died. But he did say that Jackson's former business manager, Tohme Tohme, must testify in Murray's trial.
It's a tied race between two unpopular men.|||Three weeks before Election Day, Florida incumbent Gov. Rick Scott finds himself in a neck-and-neck sprint to the finish line against Democratic challenger and former Gov. Charlie Crist. According to a new CNN/ORC International poll, each candidate has the support of 44% of likely voters, while Libertarian Adrian Wyllie pulls a significant share (9%) of the vote. With the race so close, Wyllie's support sets the stage for a potential Libertarian spoiler. "And with one in five likely voters saying that they could change their minds between now and Election Day, it's really anyone's ballgame," said CNN polling director Keating Holland. The survey was done October 9-13 with 610 likely voters and has a sampling error of plus or minus 4 percentage points. College GOP: 'Say yes' to Scott's dress. Scott and Crist are familiar faces in Florida. Crist was governor in the term immediately preceding Scott's. Crist, however, was a Republican at the time. He became an independent during an unsuccessful bid for the U.S. Senate in 2010, then became a Democrat in 2012. His party switch has become a major line of attack against Crist. But the former governor and his new Democratic allies say the Republican Party has taken a different ideological track in recent years. "Hell, he didn't leave the (GOP). It left him," Vice President Joe Biden said Monday in Florida, while campaigning for Crist. Florida to vote on legalizing medical marijuana. Scott was elected in the tea party wave of 2010 with campaign promises to make big cuts and take on public unions. Despite holding true to his pledges and his state seeing a steady rise in economic growth, Scott's approval ratings have slipped dramatically. While both candidates are widely known in the state, it appears voters are split on who they like less. A majority of likely voters, 53%, have an unfavorable view of Crist, and a majority, 52%, also have an unfavorable view of Scott. "One thing is certain: This year's race is not a popularity contest," Holland said. "That may explain why a third-party candidate is in the high single digits." With two prominent names in the mix, the contest has been one of the most closely watched races of 2014. Obama's midterm malaise. Crist threw his hat in the ring with much fanfare late last year, and early polls indicated he has a sizable advantage over Scott. But the race tightened this year, and the high-profile appeal of the race and its swing-state dynamics have attracted big-name surrogates on both sides. In addition to Biden, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton campaigned for Crist this month, and first lady Michelle Obama will do a fundraiser for Crist on Friday in Orlando. On Thursday, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will turn out for Scott. As chairman of the Republican Governors Association, it will mark Christie's fourth trip to the state this year. Fellow Gov. Rick Perry of Texas has also shown up for Scott. CNN will air a debate between Crist and Scott on October 21. The hourlong debate will air exclusively at 7 p.m. ET on CNN and WJXT and take place in WJXT's studios in Jacksonville, Florida. CNN's Jake Tapper, chief Washington correspondent and anchor of CNN's "The Lead," will moderate with WJXT anchor Kent Justice joining in the questioning.â€‹.
(CNN) -- Marcel Hirscher continued his red-hot streak with a stunning victory at the Moscow parallel slalom Tuesday.|||The Austrian consolidated his lead at the top of the overall World Cup standings after overcoming Sweden's Andre Myhrer in the men's two-leg final. Hirscher, who also won at Kitzbuhel on Sunday, is now 214 points ahead of Norwegian rival Aksel Lund Svindal in the overall standings, and has all but assured himself victory in the race for the slalom's crystal globe. Hirscher turns it on for the Terminator. It was the second city event of the World Cup season, which is based in the mountain resorts of Europe and North America, and Hirscher made amends for being beaten by Felix Neureuther in Munich on New Year's Day. "All in all I was ahead by less than half a second," Hirscher told reporters. "It's very tough to win each race against so many great racers, but I was lucky today. The weather is cold and today there were almost perfect conditions for this competition. "It was a good race for me but if some more spectators were to come to watch the race next year it would be really great for us." The win was Hirscher's sixth of the season and 18th of his career, a feat which is certain to give him a huge lift going into the World Championships at Schladming, Austria, which start on February 4. "It's a totally different event than what we normally ski," Hirscher said of the Moscow race, for which big ramps are constructed. "If I had to compare it with my victory in Kitzbuhel, it might be less difficult to win in an event where there are 16 opposed to over 60 skiers, plus there was so much pressure on me for that victory which I was missing from Kitzbuhel. "But, here you only have one chance to give 100%, things are so tight that unless you step up your game from heat to heat -- you are out!" Svindal sets the Alpine speed standard. Meanwhile, Germany's Lena Duerr won the women's slalom after edging past Slovakia's Veronika Velez-Zuzulova. "I tried to keep myself focused during my every single race tonight and it paid off as I managed to win the event," Duerr told reporters. "I'm really happy with my performance here." Slovenia's Tina Maze, who leads the World Cups standings, suffered a surprise defeat in the quarterfinal by Switzerland's Wendy Holdener.
(CNN) -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he would step aside as the head of football's global governing body in 2015, if he wins the June 1 presidential ballot.|||Blatter's announcement came on Tuesday after his opponent, head of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Mohamed Bin Hammam, told CNN the time had arrived for a change at the top of world soccer's power base. Bin Hammam -- a 61-year-old FIFA executive committee member -- confirmed last week he would run against Blatter in the election, the first candidate to do so since Africa's Issa Hayatou was defeated by the Swiss in 2002. "You know very well that I am a candidate for the next four years as FIFA president but these will be the last four years for which I stand," Blatter, 75, told a UEFA congress in Paris. Can Bin Hammam change FIFA for the better? Both men were present at a meeting of European football's governing body in the French capital as they looked to secure backing ahead of the vote in Zurich. "FIFA has been under the same presidency for 13 years," Bin Hammam told CNN. "Mr Blatter has been heavily involved in the administration of FIFA for 35 years. I believe he has contributed a lot to the development of the game, but as I said, this is a long time. "It is time for a new direction. A lot of fans today have grown up and they have only known Mr. Blatter as head of FIFA, or head of the administration of FIFA, so I think change is not the wrong thing." Blatter's presidential rival vows reform. Bin Hammam, who has been at the summit of Asian football since 2002, also said greater transparency is needed among the game's decision makers. FIFA became mired in controversy ahead of their decision to award the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively, with two executive committee members -- Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarri -- suspended amid allegations of selling votes. "People would like to see transparency within FIFA," said Bin Hamman. "FIFA is always accused of corruption and it is not (corrupt). What is missing, and lacking, is transparency which over the years we could not provide to the public." A Qatar native, Bin Hammam also defended the emirates' conduct during the bidding process for the 2022 tournament. "Qatar played the game according to the law of the game. People were not happy, but people will not be happy with so many decisions taken by FIFA. "I don't think people were happy about Russia winning the right to host 2018. Now is not the time to cry about something that happened in the past. Let us hope the future is going to be more transparent and more open for the public." Blatter -- the eighth incumbent of FIFA's top job -- was this month boosted by the news the 2010 World Cup had made the non-profit organization $3.655 billion and said he was not expecting to be challenged in the forthcoming elections. Blatter: 2010 World Cup was a huge financial success. However, Bin Hammam announced he would compete for the role of FIFA chief on March 18 and has not spoken with Blatter since. "Not since I announced I was running, I spoke to him maybe two weeks back. "I hope Mr. Blatter realizes our game is about competition and there is nothing wrong with competing. I hope we will understand that competition does not mean we are enemies." Meanwhile, Frenchman Michel Platini has been re-elected unopposed as president of European football's governing body UEFA on Tuesday. The 55-year-old former European Player of the Year will serve a second mandate of four years, having first been elected in 2007 when he took over from Lennart Johansson.
The man accused of opening fire at a Seattle college had a fascination with school shootings, telling investigators he had once visited Columbine High School, a police source told CNN affiliate KIRO on Friday.|||According to the unnamed police source, the suspect admitted to the attack and told police he "wanted to shoot up a school." Aaron Ybarra, 26, of Mountlake Terrace, was ordered held without bail in connection with the shooting at Seattle Pacific University that left one dead and two wounded, Leesa Manion, a spokeswoman for the King County prosecutor, said. Charges against Ybarra are pending, she said. The shooting at the university on Thursday afternoon began when a man armed with a shotgun opened fire inside Otto Harris Hall, which houses the engineering, math and science departments. Authorities say the gunman walked into the building's foyer, confronted three students and then shot them. The shooting rampage ended when a student security guard doused the shooter with pepper spray and tackled him as he tried to reload his shotgun, police said. 'Long-standing mental health issues' Ybarra isn't a student at the school. Police say they think he acted alone, but the investigation is continuing. "So far, police have not found any connection between the suspect, Seattle Pacific University or any of the victims," according to statement released by the Seattle Police Department. Ybarra had a history of mental health problems and is on suicide watch at the jail, public defender Ramona Brandes said. Ybarra has "significant and long-standing mental health issues, including delusions that were in play" at the time of the shooting, she told reporters. "...He's on suicide watch for a reason. He did not think he was going to survive yesterday. He intended to die." She declined to comment on what Ybarra told authorities, including his claim that he visited Columbine -- the Colorado school where a mass shooting carried out by two students in April 1999 left 13 people dead and 24 wounded. Brandes said Ybarra is aware of what happened. "He is cognizant of the suffering of the victims and their families and the entire Seattle Pacific community," she said. "He is sorry." Ybarra had several run-ins with police in recent years. He was taken into custody in 2010 and 2012 for a mental health hold, Mountlake Terrace Assistant Police Chief Pete Caw told CNN. In both cases, authorities determined Ybarra was intoxicated, incoherent and suicidal, Caw said. The image of the suspect as a gun-toting killer is a difficult one to reconcile for those who know him. One friend described Ybarra as "socially awkward" but "appreciative," according to CNN affiliate KOMO. "I have no idea what set him off," said Nate Flesch. "That's why this whole thing kind of surprises me -- that he was trying to turn his life around, that he was trying to be a better person, and he was kind of working on his social skills, too." 'I'm grateful' Ybarra is accused of killing Paul Lee, a 19-year-old student, authorities said. One of the wounded, a 19-year-old woman, was in serious condition in intensive care Friday after five hours of surgery the day before, Susan Gregg of Harborview Medical Center said. A second victim, a 24-year-old man, was discharged Friday, she said. Police are convinced the shooter would have killed or wounded more people had those around him not intervened. "This story is not about an evil act but about the people that actually lived through this scenario and assisted each other when things were pretty tragic," said Seattle police Assistant Chief Paul McDonagh. University President Daniel J. Martin praised the school's students, emotionally telling CNN affiliate KCPQ that they had "acted without regard for their own safety." KOMO identified the student security guard who tackled the suspect as Jon Meis. "He saw the guy and got his pepper spray, sprayed him and tackled him," Meis' friend Patrick Maguire told KOMO. Maguire said he's not surprised that Meis didn't hesitate to put his own life in danger to save others. "I could have been one of these people that was injured or in critical condition," he said. "A lot of (students) were in that building and he stopped him in the lobby. He didn't get any farther than that. I'm grateful for him. Who is the hero student who pounced on the Seattle gunman?
ISIS militants are fighting Iraqi military and tribal forces close to the main government complex of Anbar province in the center of Ramadi, according to a local official there.|||The fighting started Friday after ISIS militants launched a coordinated assault from different direction around the city, according to Faleh al-Issawi, deputy head of the provincial council. The battle is taking place about 1,000 feet from the complex that houses the local government and security headquarters. "If the government complex falls, it would mean the fall of the whole province," Al-Issawi told CNN. The bodies of 23 tribesmen and 12 ISIS militants were found after Friday's fighting, Al-Issawi said. The police chief of al-Habaniya, outside Ramadi, and three of his guards were killed during Friday's fighting, according to Al-Issawi. Most of the Sunni-dominated province and some parts of Ramadi have been under the control of ISIS, and the militants have been making recent advances despite coalition airstrikes targeting them. The United States conducted two airstrikes near Ramadi on Friday, according to U.S. Central Command. Three weeks ago, Pentagon officials said they plan to deploy U.S. military advisers to Anbar to advise and assist Iraqi security forces there. Father and sons leave Germany to fight ISIS.
(CNN) -- Earlier this week, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, agreed to a deal to fund the government past this November's elections. The deal leaves working out a budget up to the next Congress and provides funding for the federal government through March 2013, well beyond the presidential inauguration in January.|||By the numbers, here's a look at how the nation's fiscal situation adds up. $15,873,767,378,850.16 - Total outstanding public debt on July 30, 2012. $10,626,877,048,913.08 - Total outstanding public debt held on January 20, 2009, the day President Barack Obama was inaugurated. $1.047 trillion - Top limit for 2013 government spending. 6 months - Length of a continuing resolution to fund the government, based on a July 31, 2012, agreement by Obama, Boehner and Reid. House conservatives determined to slash spending relent on compromise deal. 49 - States that require a balanced budget. (Vermont does not.) $3,277,369.23 - Donations to reduce the public debt received by the U.S. Treasury in 2011. 74 - Percent who said they favor a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget during a July 2011 CNN/ORC poll. 12 - Consecutive U.S. budgets that have reflected a deficit. CNN Money: Can Congress get out of the economy's way? 24.1 - Federal spending outlays in 2011 as percentages of the GDP. 8.1 - Percent of the fiscal year 2012 GDP equal to the federal budget deficit, as estimated by the Congressional Budget Office in March 2012. 4 - Number of balanced budgets former presidential candidate Newt Gingrich claimed credit for as House speaker during a January debate in Jacksonville, Florida. 11 - Times the Congress has voted to raise the debt limit since 2001. $787 billion - Amount of the stimulus bill signed into law by Obama in 2009 as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
(CNN) -- Russell Westbrook's impressive 43 points were not enough to end the Oklahoma City Thunder's losing streak in game four of this year's NBA finals.|||They lost 104-98, their third-straight loss against the Miami Heat. The Thunder, who went into the game down two in the best-of-seven series, looked like a team determined to make a comeback, surging to a quick lead that topped out at 17 points in the first quarter. However, the Heat brought the game to within three by the half and never looked back -- thanks mainly to the influential LeBron James. James, who had 26 points and 12 assists, sat out the final minutes of the game with a cramp in his quadriceps. But he went to the bench only after sinking a momentum-changing three-pointer to put the Heat up 97-94. "The ball was swung to me ... I just wanted to step up and make a play with the limited mobility that I had," James told reporters after the game, in quotes carried by NBA.com. "My teammates were able to close it from there." The Heat were also aided by point guard Mario Chalmers, who put up 25 points in his 34 minutes of play. Up to this point, Chalmers has been noticeably quite in the series, scoring only two points in game three. "I think they kind of forgot about me and let me roam a little bit more tonight," Chalmers said of his repeated opportunities to pull up and shoot. But Chalmers is known for coming up big when it counts the most. "He's done it time and time again in big games in college, big games in the pros," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "You can't teach that. He gave us a lift tonight that we really needed." Again, the final minutes of play were defined by mistakes on the part of Oklahoma City. With less than 20 seconds remaining on the clock, Westbrook fouled Chalmers, despite the fact that only five seconds remained on the shot clock. "It was just a mis-communication on my part," Westbrook told reporters after the game. "Nothing I can do about it now." When asked about whether his performance vindicated himself in anyway after being hit hard by media over the off-season, Westbrook didn't mince words in saying none of it mattered. "What you guys say doesn't make me happy or make me sad," he said. "It's not me against the world. It's me and my teammates trying to win." The fifth game of the series tips off Thursday in Miami.
Washington (CNN) -- When it comes to the trust Americans put in government, a new national poll indicates it's a matter of location, location, location.|||According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Tuesday, only 26 percent of the public trusts the federal government most of the time or always. A third of the people questioned in the poll say they trust their state government most or all of the time. But that number surges to 52 percent for those who say they trust local government most or all of the time. "How broken is government in the mind of most Americans? It depends on how close that government is to them," said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. "Suburbanites are happiest with their local government, with 55 percent of them saying they trust their local government all or most of the time. That same figure for city folk is 50 percent, and for rural Americans, it is 47 percent." Democrats may want to take pause over the 26-percent trust figure. The number is as low as it was in 1994 when the GOP swept the midterm elections and won control of Congress. According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday, Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken, but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what's broken can be fixed. The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12-15, with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey. CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
Rome (CNN) -- Missing: One small, round, golden container. Contents: The blood of the late, soon-to-be-canonized Pope John Paul II. If found, please notify Italian police and the church of San Pietro della Ienca.|||Officers from the Carabinieri, Italy's military police, plan to comb the nearby mountains where John Paul used to vacation before his death in 2005, hoping to find tracks in the snow that will lead them to whoever broke into the church and stole the item over the weekend, Carabinieri Col. Savino Guarino said. But investigators are also searching for the relic -- which holds a square bloodstained piece of cloth about 2 cm (3/4 inch) -- all over Italy, he said. The relic and a golden cross were the only things stolen from San Pietro, located near the city of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region, church members said. Pasquale Corriere, who helped restore the church, said the sanctuary was closed Friday and Saturday because of bad weather. Corriere suggested the thieves were looking specifically for the relic, since nothing else was touched -- not even the boxes that hold money for charity. John Paul's former secretary, Cardinal StanisÅ‚aw Dziwisz, gave the relic to the church in 2011 "to thank us for all that we did" for the visiting pontiff, said Corriere's daughter Franca. "I think it was stolen by someone very faithful to John Paul II," she said. "Really, I can't imagine who the thieves are. My only wish is that the relic is returned to us as soon as possible." Guarino wouldn't comment on any possible motive for the theft. He said more than 50 carabinieri will be out searching Tuesday if the weather improves. John Paul II led the Roman Catholic Church for more than 26 years. The church plans to recognize him as a saint in April, along with Pope John XXIII, who is revered for his role in the Second Vatican Council. Man tries to sell stolen brains on eBay. CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report.
Nearly nine out of 10 people "stopped and frisked" under a controversial New York Police Department policy in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic.|||The data comes from a report released by the NYPD Monday, which showed that of the 685,724 stops made by police that year, 53% of those questioned were black, 34% were Latino, 9% were white and 3% were Asian. The citywide population in 2011 was 23.4% black, 29.4% Hispanic, 12.9% Asian, and 34.3% non-Hispanic white, according to the report. N.Y. judge halts 'stop-and-frisk' tactic outside Bronx building. Brooklyn's 75th precinct, which includes East New York and Cypress Hills, had the most "stop and frisk" incidents with 31,100.  Of those, 97% of the people involved were either black or Hispanic. The population in that precinct in 2011 was 53.5% black, 37.9% Hispanic, 5.1% Asian, and 3.5% white. The top reason for stop-and-frisks in 2011 was for suspicion of weapons possession, accounting for more than 25% of all stops. The much-criticized method, in which police stop, question and possibly search those they consider suspicious, is used to deter crime, the police department has said. But it has also brought on a slew of lawsuits by residents complaining of unlawful stops. Last year, amid mounting public pressure from advocacy groups, New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly outlined new police policies in an effort to "increase public confidence." New York police tout improving crime numbers to defend frisking policy. Under the policies, officers report all "stop and frisk" encounters at a local level, and are provided training curriculum and videos, Kelly said. There are also programs reaching out to the community, he said. Kelly said at the time that the department prohibits racial profiling and aims to ensure a "greater level of scrutiny" by having captains of precincts "personally conducting an audit of the Stop, Question and Frisk report worksheets that have been prepared within his or her command." The NYPD report did not list how many of the stop-and-frisks resulted in arrests.
(CNN) -- After less than a week at sea, the Vendee Globe single-handed round the world yacht race has lived up to its moniker as "the world's toughest race" -- with nearly a quarter of the field crashing out in the first few days.|||Earlier this week, 20 sailors set off from Las Sables d'Olonne in France to begin the 38,700 kilometer circumnavigation -- in which they are expected to battle everything from fierce storms in the Southern Ocean to the dreaded doldrums of the equator, with just themselves and an 18 meter yacht for company. In the six editions of the race, first held in 1989, only half of the competitors have ever completed it. So it is yet another testament, if one were needed, to the Vendee Globe's notorious difficulty that after five days, four competitors have already pulled out. French skipper Marc Guillemot retired on the first day after his boat Safran broke her keel, just 95 kilometers off the coast of France. Guillemont, 53, had been one of the favorites to win this year's Globe after finishing third in the last race, held in 2008-2009. Day two was similarly dramatic with compatriot Kito de Pavant, 51, also pulling out after his yacht Groupe Bel was struck by a fishing boat off the coast of Portugal. "I went to sleep at the wrong time," De Pavant told organizers. "I am not angry at the fisherman but at me because it should not have happened. You can't anticipate this," he said. Skippers are pushed to the limit, sleeping in snatches as they first sail the Atlantic, then the Southern Ocean, round Cape Horn and head back through the Atlantic to France -- all in the hope of winning $190,600 in prize money. When Sir Robin Knox-Johnston made history as the first person to sail non-stop around the world in 1969, the epic voyage took him more than 10 months. Fast forward 20 years and the Globe's competitors are expected to complete the course in just 90 days. French sailors have won all previous races, held every four years, with Michel Desjoyeaux taking the last one. But the third casualty was another Frenchman, Vende Globe first timer Louis Burton who, like his compatriot De Pavant, endured a dramatic collision with a shipping trawler on Wednesday. Finally, hoping to have made history as the only woman to ever win the race was Briton Samantha Davies, the only female sailor in this year's competition. But the mother-of-one, who finished fourth in 2009-2009, announced Thursday that the mast of her Open 60 Saveol yacht had come crashing down in rough seas north of Madeira in the Atlantic. Both Davies and Burton are prevented by race rules from stopping at the nearest port to make repairs with a return to Les Sables d'Olonnes the only option under the rules for a repair and continuation. In both cases, however, their boats are too badly damaged to make the six-day journey back to France. For the remaining 16 contestants -- currently led by 35 year-old Frenchmen Armel Le Cleac'h -- it's just the beginning of what is shaping up to be another drama-packed Vendee Globe.
(CNN) -- At the start of the 2012 Formula One season, with a driver pairing that comprised of a virtual rookie and a former world champion who had been out of the sport for two years, little was expected of Lotus.|||But the combination of 2007 title winner Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean, whose only previous experience in F1 was seven unspectacular races for the team in 2009, has flourished, collecting 84 points from the season's opening five races. The highlight of a promising start was a double podium finish for Lotus in Bahrain, a result which contributed to Raikkonen's current position of fourth in the early-season drivers' standings, with Grosjean eighth ahead of the next race in Monaco on May 27. The team's on-track success has been played out against a backdrop of financial upheaval, with owner Genie Capital having terminated a lucrative longterm sponsorship deal with Group Lotus -- owned by the Malaysian car manufacturer Proton. The UK-based outfit will, however, continue to race under one of the most famous names in motorsport. Fire mars Maldonado's first grand prix win. Team principal Eric Boullier insists that there are sufficient sponsorship deals to plug the monetary gap created by Group Lotus' departure. "We have not lost our title sponsor -- not in the real sense of the word lost. We have decided to end the contract, or the agreement, we had with them at the middle of last year," Boullier told the official F1 website. "We wanted to change our strategy, and actually we are, if I may say so, wealthier than we were before. We have bigger budgets this year and will keep the name Lotus under a license agreement. "We have signed some big names as sponsors. If you look at my shirt, there are two new names on it. We have been able to sign deals with Unilever and Microsoft, which are two really big names." Boullier said the Bahrain race was a fitting tribute to the work put in by the team -- who previously competed under the Renault name. Latest F1 standings. "It was a fantastic reward. We haven't performed in that mode since 2006," he said. "The fact is we were expecting to deliver something after the first three races, but we had to come to terms with the little glitches we had. When that was done -- voila -- it finally worked." Boullier said there was a good relationship building between experienced former Ferrari driver Raikkonen, who is is in his 10th F1 campaign, and Frenchman Grosjean -- a 26-year-old who has yet to complete a full season. "Obviously Kimi, with his experience, his character and personality, tends to have a certain degree of leadership. But in fact it is not leadership but probably more attention," Boullier said. Ferrari pile pressure on Massa. "On the other hand Romain is digging a little place for himself nicely and is getting a lot of respect every weekend from the team. "You must not forget that Kimi has done something in the range of 160 grands prix and Romain has just finished his 12th grand prix this weekend." Boullier said the 32-year-old Raikkonen, who collected another podium finish at last weekend's Spanish Grand Prix, has adapted well to life at Lotus' Enstone headquarters. "Kimi doesn't like PR, doesn't like media. So why should we bother him with it? Sure we need a balance between his demands and the requests from our sponsors," Boullier said. "But he knows that we care very much about his schedule and try to minimize his obligations. That's it. He is a racer so he races for winning and hardly cares about the rest! "Kimi is like a wild animal and you have to let him run the way he wants to go. We don't have to tell him what he has to do because he is a professional and we want him to deliver on track first."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there, the U.S. military announced Friday.|||First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo was killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul on Tuesday while riding in an armored Humvee. His body was flown to the United States early Thursday morning. Crisostomo of Spanaway, Washington, was 59. He would have turned 60 later this month, according to KING television in Seattle, Washington. He was one of a very few service members who served in Vietnam and in current U.S. military operations, his record shows. He twice received the Bronze Star, which is awarded to U.S. troops for combat valor. Crisostomo also received the Purple Heart for being wounded in combat, according to his records. It was not clear from his official records if he received the medals for combat in Vietnam or Afghanistan. His records also indicate he received numerous other commendations. He also served during the first Gulf War in 1991 and received the Kuwait Liberation Medal. He jointed the Army in 1969 and retired in 1993, then volunteered to serve again in 2008. According to his records, his position in the Army was automated logistical specialist, but it was unclear in what capacity he was serving while in Afghanistan. Earlier this year, a 60-year-old soldier was killed in Iraq, becoming the oldest U.S. service member killed in either the war in Iraq or the war in Afghanistan.
Madrid (CNN) -- He's fast on the football field but apparently even faster behind the wheel.|||Real Madrid star striker Karim Benzema was clocked driving 216 kilometers per hour (about 134 mph) -- more than double the speed limit -- before dawn on February 3 on a Madrid highway, and he could lose his license for at least a year, a Traffic Directorate spokeswoman told CNN. Civil Guard vehicles clocked and photographed the alleged speeding offense of Benzema in a 100 kph (62 mph) zone on the M40 ring road in western Madrid, said the spokeswoman, who by custom is not identified. Benzema was driving an Audi. The company is an official sponsor of Real Madrid, and all players on the first team have an Audi at their disposal, a Real Madrid spokesman said. The Civil Guard radar trap consisted of two sets of vehicles, one on the highway with a radar camera, which Benzema passed quickly, and a second down the road. Authorities did not immediately pursue Benzema, because of darkness and safety concerns for other drivers. But they did get the license plate number and later tracked the vehicle to him, the traffic spokeswoman said. The incident occurred hours after Real Madrid suffered an unexpected loss to Granada in a league match, on the evening of February 2. Real Madrid would not comment on the incident other than to say that club policy lets the player directly handle a traffic violation. Spanish media reported that Benzema, 25, a French international, made an initial appearance before an investigating magistrate Thursday. The sanctions could include losing his driver's license for one to four years. In addition, he could receive up to six months in jail, a fine, or several weeks or months of community service, the traffic spokeswoman said. Benzema did not play in Real Madrid's victory over archrivals FC Barcelona last Tuesday in the semifinals of Spain's Copa de Rey, or King's Cup, but the club spokesman said that was a decision of coach Jose Mourinho and was unrelated to the alleged traffic violation. Some Spanish media reported that a second vehicle was speeding alongside Benzema's that night, but the traffic spokeswoman said Civil Guards are aware of only the vehicle that Benzema was driving.
Washington (CNN) -- China said Saturday it had suspended military exchanges with the United States over Washington's $6.4-billion arms deal with Taiwan, the territory that Beijing claims as its own.|||China's Defense Ministry said the decision to halt visits between the Chinese and U.S. armed forces was made "in consideration of the serious harm and impacts on Sino-U.S. military relations" brought about by the arms deal, according to a report on the state-run Xinhua news agency. Xinhua did not immediately provide further details on the visits. "China will make further judgments as appropriate," the agency reported. China had already complained to the United States about the deal, announced Friday by the Obama administration. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister He Yafei called it a "rude interference in China's internal affairs, severely endangering China's national security" and said China expressed its "strong indignation." The arms sale includes 60 Black Hawk helicopters, totaling $3.1 billion; 114 advanced Patriot air defense missiles; a pair of Osprey mine-hunting ships; and dozens of advanced communications systems. The deal with Taiwan -- which neither China nor the United States recognizes as a sovereign nation -- does not include F-16 fighter jets, which China has vehemently opposed. The State Department described the latest round of arms sales to Taiwan as a way to guarantee security and stability, despite China's objections. "This is a clear demonstration of the commitment this administration has to provide Taiwan with defensive weapons it needs and as provided for in the Taiwan Relations Act," State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday. He said the action is consistent with Washington's "one-China" policy and will help maintain security and stability across the Taiwan Strait. The arms sales come as the United States is hoping to persuade China to sign on to harsher sanctions against Iran and just after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized China for its policies relating to the Internet. Crowley would not speak directly about the timing of the announcement of the sales, and about the fact that the arms package does not include F-16s. A senior U.S. official said later that the United States expected Chinese criticism of the arms deal, but does not expect permanent damage. The official said he believed Clinton had discussed the sale in London with her Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of Thursday's international conference on Afghanistan. "This relationship between the United States and China is broad, it's deep. There are a large number of issues. We don't see eye to eye with them and we have to have and do have the ability to speak honestly," the official said. The arms deal is the latest chapter in a decades-long uneasy standoff. China claims Taiwan is its own territory and has threatened to invade if Taiwan ever declares independence. The United States has said it will defend Taiwan if China ever attacks. The government in Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China until a Communist insurrection proved victorious in 1949. With the Communist takeover of mainland China, the losing faction fled to the island of Taiwan. Taiwan is formally known as the Republic of China, while Communist China's official name is People's Republic of China. Many Western nations and the United Nations recognized Taiwan as the legitimate Chinese government until the 1970s.
(CNN) -- A proposed Arizona law would deny birth certificates to children born in the United States to illegal immigrant parents.|||The bill comes on the heels of Arizona passing the nation's toughest immigration law. John Kavanagh, a Republican state representative from Arizona who supports the proposed law aimed at so-called "anchor babies," said that the concept does not conflict with the U.S. Constitution. "If you go back to the original intent of the drafters ... it was never intended to bestow citizenship upon (illegal) aliens," said Kavanagh, who also supported Senate Bill 1070 -- the law that gave Arizona authorities expanded immigration enforcement powers. Under federal law, children born in the United States are automatically granted citizenship, regardless of their parents' residency status. iReporter supports the bill. Kyrsten Sinema, a Democratic state representative, strongly opposes the bill. "Unlike (Senate Bill) 1070, it is clear this bill runs immediately afoul of the U.S. Constitution," she said. "While I understand that folks in Arizona and across the country support S.B. 1070, they do so because we have seen no action from the federal government," said Sinema. "Unfortunately, the so-called 'anchor baby' bill does nothing to solve the real problems we are facing in Arizona." Share your thoughts on immigration. Arizona Republicans are expected to introduce the legislation this fall. CNN's Ethan Harp contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The arrest in Serbia of Ratko Mladic brings to an end a 16-year man hunt for the highest profile suspect still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s.|||Here is a timeline of key dates in Mladic's involvement in military action in the former Yugoslavia, his subsequent indictment for war crimes and the efforts to bring him to justice. 1992: After helping found the Serbian Democratic Party in 1990, Bosnian Serb Radovan Karadzic declares a new independent Serbian Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina and proclaims himself president. Mladic gets command of the Bosnian Serb army which the majority of Bosnia and Herzegovina. His troops reportedly massacre more than 200,000 Muslims and Croats. April 23, 1995: The United Nations International Criminal Tribunal names Karadzic and Mladic as suspected war criminals. July 11, 1995: In what becomes known as the Srebrenica massacre, Karadzic and his army allegedly slaughter between 6,000 and 8,000 Muslims over the course of two days in a supposed U.N. safe area. July 24, 1995: The U.N. Tribunal indicts both Karadzic and Mladic on several charges, including war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity. November 16, 1995: A second indictment against Karadzic and Mladic brings charges of genocide and crimes against humanity for the Srebrenica massacre. November 21, 1995: An agreement struck in Dayton, Ohio, gives Serbs half of Bosnia. They are required to cooperate with the U.N. war crimes court. 1997: Karadzic believed to be in permanent hiding after not being seen for more than a year. June 28, 2001: Former Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic is handed over to U.N. Tribunal. July 21, 2008: Karadzic arrested after more than a decade as a fugitive from war crimes charges. June 16, 2010: Mladic's family launches court proceedings to have him legally declared dead saying he had been in poor health and there had been no contact with him. October 28, 2010: Serbia raises its reward for information leading to Mladic's arrest from $1 million to $14 million. May 26, 2011: Serbian President Boris Tadic announces the arrest of Mladic.
(CNN) -- Many have claimed to know the identity of the notorious Zodiac Killer, who terrorized northern California with a trail of unresolved murders in the 1960s. But their stories have not panned out.|||Now, a Louisiana man believes he has the definitive answer to the chilling mystery: Who was the crazed, elusive killer who wrote letters bragging about his conquests? Gary Stewart says it was Earl Van Best, Jr., his biological father, who died in 1984. "I believe for the first time in the history of this case that I have presented more evidence that has ever been presented on any one suspect," Stewart told CNN's Erin Burnett about his new book. The Zodiac Killer has been connected to five deaths between 1968-69. Though he was never caught, he gained notoriety by writing several letters to police and newspapers boasting of the slayings. He included swatches of bloody clothing as proof of his claims of killing as many as 37 people. Stewart's quest for dad. Stewart was born in New Orleans, abandoned as a newborn in a stairwell in Baton Rouge, and later adopted. About 10 years ago, when he was 39, his birth mother, Judy, contacted him for the first time. He then began his search for his biological father, whom both had not contacted since Stewart was abandoned. The vice president of a cleaning company in the capital of Louisiana recounted his decade-long search for his biological father, which ended with the discovery that Best was the serial killer. During the search, Stewart, who is married with a child, kept a journal that became the basis for the book, "The Most Dangerous Animal of All." A chilling wanted poster. At one point during his search, he was watching television when a 1969 "Wanted" poster from the San Francisco Police Department flashed on the screen. "And my heart stops. And I think I let out an audible scream, noise," he said. His son rushed into the room, his eyes transfixed to the television. "And he says hey, Dad, it's you. And I walked back to my office ... where I had the only photo I've ever had of my father, which I was told was an old DMV photo. But it turned out to be his 1962 mug shot for his rape of my mother. And I said, 'No, son, it's not me. It's my father.' " Revealing initials. Stewart said he reached his conclusion after years of research, including forensic experts comparing notes from the killer with his dad's handwriting on his marriage certificate. He said he also discovered his father's initials in cryptograms or ciphers the killer sent to newspapers. "The Zodiac Killer insisted to the police ... if you crack the cipher, you'll have my identity," Stewart said. They did, and they found the initials, but they still didn't know whom they belonged to, he said. The San Francisco Police Department said it will investigate the revelation -- the latest person claiming links to the killer. "It's an open and active case, so we don't comment," police spokesman Albie Esparza said this week. "But (it's) certainly something our homicide investigators will take a look at." Many past claims. Stewart is the latest in a series of people to make the claim that they descended from the famed Zodiac Killer. There's the self-proclaimed "Stepson of the Zodiac Killer," Dennis Kaufman, who has appeared on TV news and a crime show touting his deceased stepfather Jack Tarrance as the crazed killer. He said his stepfather's handwriting was similar to the killer's. There's Deborah Perez, who said she wrote some of the claims of responsibility for her father, Guy Ward Hendrickson, when she was 7 years old. Her half-sister called her claims lies. There's Steve Hodel, who says his father was a columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle -- the paper to which the Zodiac Killer sent his mocking notes. His claim, too, was discounted. Whether Stewart's contention will hold true is yet to be seen. CNN's Michael Martinez contributed to this report.
The submarine's body may be constructed from drainage pipes and the hatch from a recycled skylight, but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet and has already completed three successful dives.|||The Nautilus took high school inventor Justin Beckerman just six months and $2,000 to put together -- all while keeping on top of his homework. "He has been building things since he was two years old," says his mother, Jess Beckerman.  "If we tried to help him we would just get in the way and mess things up." The submarine has ballast tanks to maintain its depth and equilibrium; air vents that bring oxygen down from the surface; a functioning PA and a range of emergency systems including back-up batteries, a siren, strobe lights, a breathing apparatus and a pump to fight leaks. The vessel can remain submerged for up to two hours and travels beneath the waves at one and a half miles per hour. Beckerman says he is going to use it to "explore the lake, see fish and hopefully find a bit of history, like the cannons from my neighbors' historic house" that, he says, were dumped in the lake during renovations in the 1960s. When he was younger, Beckerman began by making things out of balloons and string, but as the years went by his inventions grew in scale and complexity. At the age of 12, instead of complaining about having to help with the housework, he developed a remote-controlled car that could mop and vacuum. Beckerman's website is a testament to his enormous productivity. It is a menagerie of home-constructed machines including boats, planes, architectural constructions, and prize-winning robots. The materials he uses in his creations are often technological cast-offs from family and friends, or garbage scavenged from electronics recycling facilities. The Nautilus has regulators and pressure gauges from an old restaurant soda fountain that Beckerman found behind a shopping center. The two main batteries are from a child's ride-on toy, and its PA speakers are made from an old car stereo. Beckerman says he decided to build the submarine because "I wanted to see if I could do it. It combined so many different aspects of things that I had worked on in the past." The Nautilus has the most ambitious wiring system Beckerman has installed since he constructed his tree fort -- a veritable forest castle that puts all other tree forts to shame. Armed with more modern conveniences than many proper homes, the fort has a TV, wall-mounted speakers, desktop computer, air conditioning, shelving, and fluorescent lights. "It has everything a house should have," says Beckerman, "except a refrigerator and a bathroom." The Nautilus is not Beckerman's first submarine. In fact, it is his fourth. The previous iteration could dive to five feet, but had a less sturdy frame constructed from plastic containers and duct tape. It was propelled by two motor scooter engines, connected to metal blades and two 12v batteries. The new design improves on previous models in almost every way. "I had an idea of how I wanted to sit. I realized that lying down would make the sub more streamlined -- so the drainage pipes seemed a natural fit," he said. But sacrifices to the original design had to be made along the way. "The ballast tanks were originally going to be air tanks, but they were just too expensive. If I could have learned how to weld I would have made the whole thing out of metal. But that might be for the next one." Asked if there are any particular challenges which are specific to being a young inventor, Beckerman responds plainly: "No. Other than the budget issues and all of my schoolwork and other obligations that get in the way." If he had more time and money Beckerman says he would like to continue to add to the submarine. "I would love to add a robotic claw to the front. I would like to make the sub into a more useful thing with a basket the claw could put stuff into to pick up garbage and clean the bottom of the lake."
A JetBlue pilot who was locked out of the cockpit by his co-pilot after his odd midflight rants in March was ruled competent to stand trial Friday morning.|||U.S. District Court Judge Mary Lou Robinson ruled that JetBlue Capt. Clayton Osbon is "mentally competent, that he is able to understand and does understand the nature and consequences of the proceedings against him, and that he is able to assist properly in his defense," according to a court order. Osbon attorney Dean Roper plans on using an insanity defense, according to court documents filed April 18. The pilot was indicted April 11, in a federal court in Amarillo, Texas, accused of interfering with a flight crew. The flight landed safely in Amarillo after the incident, according to the indictment filed that day. Osbon is still employed by JetBlue "but is removed from active duty," JetBlue spokeswoman Allison Steinberg wrote in an e-mail. She declined to answer questions about the hearing: "We don't comment on pending litigation." This week, a group of 10 passengers who were aboard the March 27 flight out of John F. Kennedy International Airport that was diverted because of Osbon's erratic behavior filed a lawsuit against the airline and pilot Wednesday in state Supreme Court in Queens. The lawsuit, which was obtained by CNN, accuses JetBlue of being grossly negligent for allowing Osbon to fly and says the airline knew or should have known that Osbon was unfit to fly. As the Airbus A320 was climbing out of New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on its way to Las Vegas, Osbon talked about his church and needing to "focus," an FBI affidavit said. He then told the co-pilot to take the controls and to work the radio, and began talking about religion, making statements that were incoherent, it says. The lawsuit alleges that Osbon caused significant distress to the passengers, specifically by yelling obscenities and things such as "Say your prayers," "We're all going down," "I'm going to show you Iraq and Iran right now" and "There's a bomb on board." Pilot breakdown draws attention to mental health standards. The concerned co-pilot suggested that they invite an off-duty JetBlue captain into the cockpit. Instead, Osbon "abruptly left the cockpit to go to the forward lavatory," the affidavit says. The co-pilot used the opportunity to get the off-duty captain into the cockpit and change the combination to the door lock. When Osbon tried to enter his code into the cockpit door lock, the co-pilot announced an order to restrain him over the public address system. Several passengers wrestled Osbon to the floor. The flight was diverted to Amarillo, and Osbon was taken into custody.
The state attorney overseeing the probe into the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin is known in Florida as a tough prosecutor ready to pursue what she believes is right, even in the face of media glare and public pressure.|||No stranger to controversial terrain, Angela Corey spent more than 25 years as an assistant state attorney, trying hundreds of cases. In 2008 she was elected the top prosecutor in the three counties of the 4th Judicial Circuit, in Florida's northeast corner. Since then, Corey, 57, has made waves for the number of cases she brings to trial. She's also rejected heated criticism, particularly over her prosecution of a 12-year-old boy for murder. Corey is trying him as an adult. Corey "lives up to every prosecutor's mantra to be 'tough on crime,'" wrote Michael Hallett and Daniel Pontzer, criminology professors at the University of North Florida, in a study published this year. In 2010, Duval County, which Corey oversees, "had the highest incarceration rate of any jurisdiction over 500,000 in Florida," the professors note. From 2008 through 2011, Duval County's average daily jail population rose from 3,725 to 3,990 (an increase of 7.1%), according to the study. Corey's record shows she chooses cases based not only on possibility for success at trial, but also "wherever charges seem warranted," the study says. The depiction of Corey as one of the state's toughest prosecutors is likely welcome news to those who believe George Zimmerman should be charged. Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer, says he shot Martin in self-defense February 26. Corey has described Martin's family as "lovely people." She said she has met with them and prayed with them and promised to get them answers. Florida Gov. Rick Scott appointed Corey to take over after state attorney Norm Wolfinger stepped aside amid complaints over his handling of the case. Wolfinger's 18th Judicial Circuit includes Seminole County, where the shooting took place. Scott announced that he and Attorney General Pam Bondi "have full faith" in Corey to handle the case, which is playing out under a microscope amid worldwide media attention. But Corey has detractors as well, who cast her as too aggressive. Three petitions on the website change.org, calling for her to be removed from office, have about 2,500 signatures combined. One complains that she prosecutes too many cases without adequate regard for the facts. A petition calling for 12-year-old Cristian Fernandez to be treated as a juvenile rather than an adult has nearly 185,000 signatures. He is accused of violently killing his 2-year-old brother. Corey has said she has compassion for Cristian, but that "it's not my job to forgive." And the two professors state in their report that Corey's propensity for bringing charges "poses great strain on the system and there has already been conflict between Ms. Corey's office and the sitting judges due to the increased caseload. Even sitting judges agree that it's Ms. Corey's office driving the higher incarceration." On her 2008 campaign website, Corey vowed to "continue my excellent working relationship with law enforcement so that together we can vigorously fight crime. Only then can we make our community among the safest in the nation." It's a commitment she has expressed in interviews with CNN and HLN about the Martin case. "Every aspect of both the shooter and the victim will be looked at and analyzed as it relates to the evidence in this case," Corey vowed to HLN. Discussing Florida's "stand your ground" law -- which allows people to use deadly force in situations in which they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury -- Corey said, "our laws are very clear that it has to be a forcible felony and that a reasonable person would have to believe that deadly force is necessary as opposed to just physical force, fighting back and that sort of thing. I've prosecuted a woman who shot her husband and killed him because he slapped her, and we argued that was not deadly force and she was convicted and sent to state prison." The "political outcry" over the Trayvon Martin case makes prosecutors' work harder, she said. "We would hope that people would give us a chance to get this task that the governor has given us accomplished," she told CNN. "We will leave no stone unturned in our quest to seek justice for Trayvon and for his parents." A native of Jacksonville, Florida, Corey is active in the Republican Party and her Episcopal church. She got her legal degree at the University of Florida and began her legal career at a private firm specializing in insurance defense. She joined the state attorney's office in 1981.
Washington (CNN) -- Is bipartisanship in Washington really dead?|||Not for a pair of junior senators from different parties who flew to the other side of the world to see whether they could experience across-the-aisle cooperation by living for a week on a deserted island with almost no provisions. Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Arizona, and Sen. Martin Heinrich, D-New Mexico, came back to the Capitol from their survivalist adventure in the Marshall Islands last month -- which was shot for an upcoming Discovery channel special -- poking fun at each other like best friends and finishing each others' sentences like brothers. "All of a sudden he thought he was part of the Screen Actors Guild," Flake joshed. "Five o'clock. No more fishing." "20 hour limit to the day," Heinrich deadpanned. They stood for an impromptu session with a small group of reporters Thursday, after stepping off the Senate floor where they had voted, perhaps not surprisingly, opposite one another on a campaign finance bill. They said the idea for the trip was sparked a year ago during a late-night series of floor votes where they compared past trips each had taken to spear fish. "Jeff had his iPad and showed me some pictures of the last trip he did with his kids. Then I started to show him pictures of fish I had speared on various trips," said Heinrich. "He speared bigger fish than I had," Flake said. "So I thought ..." "Hey, there might be some value here," Heinrich interjected, completing Flake's thought. Flake knew what he needed because he has some previous survivalist experience. A year ago, he and his sons spent a week on a similar deserted island. Discovery allowed them to take only three provisions on the sandy atoll but the senators refused to say what they were -- "tune in," they responded in unison. But they had clothes. "That was a nonstarter," Flake said. "We were afraid but not naked." Asked what skill the other person had for which they were grateful, Flake said, "I'm glad Martin's the engineer type. Because I wouldn't have known how to put together a shelter." "He opens coconuts with a machete faster than anyone I've ever seen," Heinrich responded. "That came in handy because that's all we had to drink for a long time," Flake replied. They were asked whether they think the trip will open doors for them to work together in the future, and they seemed upbeat. "I think what's missing most around here is trust, and that's mostly because people don't know each other very well," Heinrich said. "I think you need to know each other before you can figure out where you can work together." Flake said they considered bringing their own GoPro cameras and documenting the trips themselves but then thought Discovery might do a better job. Discovery "convinced us that if this is to have some value in terms of promoting bipartisanship and trust, it's better for people to see and hear the dialogue between us," he explained. Asked whether there were any tensions between the men, Heinrich acknowledged "it was pretty stressful." "This was not a resort experience," he said. "It was competitive," Flake said.
New York (CNN) -- The American Automobile Association is suing the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey over toll increases that recently went into effect at New York City bridges.|||AAA of New York and North Jersey filed a complaint in federal court in Manhattan Tuesday, alleging that toll hikes that began on September 18 breach a federal law that requires interstate tolls be set at "just and reasonable" rates, according to a statement released by the agency. "Clearly, drivers are already paying more than their fair share -- and they are doing so at a time when federal, state and local authorities are hard pressed to meet routine road and bridge maintenance needs," said Marta Genovese, AAA New York's vice president and counsel in a statement. The lawsuit seeks to stop the toll increases, which affect commuters using the Lincoln and Holland tunnels, the George Washington, Bayonne and Goethals bridges, as well as the Outerbridge Crossing. Port Authority officials responded to the lawsuit in a statement, saying the complaint "is without merit." The lawsuit alleges that commuters are footing the bill for the rebuilding of the World Trade Center site, according to AAA's statement. "The Authority is attempting to burden commuters and travelers with public expenditures that are in no way related to transportation," Genovese said in the statement. A Port Authority press release from August attributes the toll increases to "multiple unprecedented challenges," including declining revenues, increased security costs in the wake of September 11 as well as the cost of the World Trade Center rebuilding project. Drivers crossing into Manhattan must now pay $12. E-ZPass holders pay $7.50 during off-peak hours and $9.50 during peak hours. E-ZPass tolls increased $1.50, and all other cars were subject to a $3 uptick. The tolls will continue to increase every December for four years. The AAA suit comes in the wake of another lawsuit aimed at the Port Authority's newly implemented tolls -- this one by New Jersey resident Yoel Weisshaus. Weisshaus, whose income falls below poverty level, filed a civil complaint with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York last week alleging that the toll hikes constitute an abuse of power that violate his rights by unfairly targeting poor commuters.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before, State Department officials said.|||Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated and released after fracturing her elbow. Clinton fell Wednesday afternoon at the State Department on her way to the White House and was taken to George Washington University Hospital. She was treated and released. She will have surgery to repair her elbow in coming weeks. Clinton was with Richard Holbrooke, President Obama's special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan, when she fell. "Secretary Clinton appreciates the professionalism and kindness she received from the medical team who treated her this evening and looks forward to resuming her full schedule soon," said department spokeswoman Cheryl Mills. Philip Crowley, an assistant secretary of state, said Obama was one of the first people to call Clinton Wednesday night. Clinton was at home "resting comfortably, or uncomfortably. She is working from home. She is already taking some calls, and I'm sure starting to learn the limits of movement -- how well you can text with one arm in a sling," Crowley said. CNN's Paul Courson contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey on a day of toil and trouble as Ireland's Dan Martin won the ninth stage of the Tour de France.|||Sky Team rider Froome, who has a one minute and 25 second lead over his closest challenger, was forced to battle on his own as his teammates failed to give him adequate protection. Richie Porte lost his grip on second place overall after finishing more than 17 minutes adrift, while Vasili Kiryienka was swept up by a broom wagon and is unlikely to feature in the remainder of the Tour. There was also misery for Peter Kennaugh, who suffered bruising after falling from his bike -- an incident which left Froome wide open to attack on all fronts. "This was one of the hardest days I have ever had on the bike," Froome told reporters. "I had no-one else with me. I am really happy I have come through today. I was completely on my own, I had (sporting director) Nicolas Portal in the car telling me not to worry." Martin, the nephew of great Irish cyclist Stephen Roche, won the long descent to Bagneres-de-Bigorre with Froome following home 20 seconds later in a pack which included rivals Alejandro Valverde and Alberto Contador. Team Sky principal Dave Brailsford revealed his surprise at seeing his team struggle with Porte's failure particularly difficult for him to comprehend. "That was a bit of a surprise, it is not often we've seen Richie have a day like that," Brailsford said. "He fought for a long time and he wasn't that far back, but eventually you have to think about the future of the race and not just today. "It was increasingly clear we were going to keep the jersey so there was no need to dig really deep. "It was better that he sat up and saved himself." Garmin-Sharp's Martin is the first Irishman to win a stage since Roche won stage 16 of the 1992 Tour in La Bourboule. "We just wanted to have fun today," the 26-year-old told reporters. "We love racing bikes and making racing exciting for people at home. "If we win, we win, if we don't, we make a good show. I think it was a very exciting stage and luckily I had the legs to finish the job."
(CNN) -- A fast-moving wildfire destroyed at least 20 homes near Guthrie, Oklahoma, on Sunday -- one of several fires to break out amid unseasonably high temperatures and windy conditions in the state, officials said.|||The Guthrie blaze was about four miles long and up to a mile wide, and was burning a largely rural area, Logan County Sheriff's Office Chief Deputy Richard Stephens told CNN. "It's growing so fast it's pretty hard to estimate," Stephens said. "There are a lot of cedar trees, they have a lot of oil in them and they just explode." Guthrie Fire Chief Eric Harlow put the fire's size at between 3,000 to 4,000 acres. No injuries were reported, but some firefighters and residents were overcome by the heat and smoke while fighting the fire, Harlow said. Those people were treated at the scene. People were trying to evacuate a large number of livestock, according to Stephens. The fire was the largest of several in the state that are being fueled by temperatures in the 90s and high winds, according to Keli Cain, spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management. "They got three ingredients for a bad fire: high temperatures, high winds, and low humidity," said Daryl Williams with the National Weather Service in Norman.
(CNN) -- When CNN's Piers Morgan asked actor Matt Damon if he was happy with the way President Barack Obama has been running the country and if Damon was "a fan" of the president, Damon answered "no."|||Damon and the cast of "The Adjustment Bureau" -- Emily Blunt, John Slattery and Anthony Mackie -- are Thursday evening's guests on "Piers Morgan Tonight." During the course of their conversation, Damon and Morgan covered Hollywood, politics, fatherhood and much more. "He (Obama) misinterpreted his mandate," said Damon. "He's doubled down on a lot of things." "In his State of the Union he didn't even say the word 'poverty,' " said Damon. "You've got millions of people languishing in it." Damon, who backed the Obama campaign in 2008, said he appreciates that the president is a "deep thinker." The actor called Obama brilliant, but said he "definitely wanted more." When questioned about what he'd do about Afghanistan, Damon said, "I don't think the mission there has been very well articulated. And I think it would help to kind of reframe the way we're thinking about being there and why we're there." Damon also said there has not been a meaningful reform of Wall Street. He said he believes that is "dangerous" and "shameful" and that the financial crisis is "just going to happen again," because "they don't make anything. They don't build anything." Morgan asked about Damon's well-known disapproval of Sarah Palin and the fact that he has spoken out against her since she was announced as John McCain's running mate in 2008. Damon said he still feels it was reckless to have someone who was "a complete mystery to everybody" be "literally a heartbeat away from the presidency." Damon also said he disagrees with Palin politically. "She's not somebody who I would vote for." Damon said, though, that while he is passionate about politics, he has no political aspirations. "I feel like the work I do now allows me to change things," he said. Damon said he puts most of his free time into the nonpartisan Water.org movement, which is dedicated to getting clean water to people. While he said he is "interested in everyone's opinion" and "interested in people who don't agree with me," when talking politics, that's not his main interest. "I love my job. I love making movies." "The Adjustment Bureau" is based on the premise that people have no control over destiny. Forces manipulate their every decision and there is no free will. In the film, the team known as the Adjustment Bureau is charged with keeping people on their predetermined paths. Matt Damon and Emily Blunt's characters fall in love, even though they are not predestined for one another, and opt to fight the Adjustment Bureau. Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET. For the latest from Piers Morgan click here.
(CNN) -- For desperately ill patients with serious, life-threatening antibiotic-resistant infections, access to new antibiotics is a matter of life and death.|||All across America, people are dying from bacterial infections that we used to be able to cure with antibiotics. Just this March, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned the public about a four-fold increase in one group of "nightmare bacteria," carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, which kills up to 50% of the people infected, and is on the rise. The annual impact of antibiotic resistant infections on the U.S. health care system is estimated to be $21 billion to $34 billion in excess health care costs and more than 8 million additional hospital days. At the same time, we are not making new antibiotics fast enough to prevent these deaths. Without new antibiotics, things we all take for granted, including surgery, chemotherapy, organ transplantation and premature infant care, will be in jeopardy. A streamlined but targeted approach that speeds regulatory approval of new antibiotics -- and limits their use to the sickest of the sick -- is an appropriate way to balance the safety risks of these new drugs with the lifesaving benefits they can offer patients who have no other treatment options. As a practicing infectious disease physician, my colleagues and I are seeing firsthand the devastating effects that resistant infections have on patients. Consider Addie Rerecich, who was a healthy, athletic 11-year-old in 2011 before she spent five months in an Arizona hospital battling several serious drug-resistant infections that her doctors did not have antibiotics powerful enough to treat. Addie ultimately needed a double lung transplant to save her life. The health care costs from her hospital stay alone totaled $6 million, and she will need medical attention and therapy for the rest of her life. As resistant infections like those that nearly took Addie's life continue to increase, the antibiotic pipeline is nearly dry, with few drugs in development that will work against the most alarming pathogens our patients face. A proposal from the Infectious Diseases Society of America aims to address a key part of the problem by reducing the obstacles to regulatory approval of new antibiotics for use in a distinct, narrow group of people: Patients with serious resistant infections that have no effective treatment options left. How will this make a difference? The current regulatory environment in the U.S. discourages drug companies from antibiotic research and development, and few firms are active in this area today. Antibiotics also aren't as profitable as other drugs, such as those for chronic conditions like heart disease or diabetes, which patients often take for years. A more direct path for regulatory approval can encourage more companies to get involved in antibiotic development again. IDSA's approach -- the Limited Population Antibacterial Drug -- would speed patients' access to new, lifesaving antibiotics by allowing the Food and Drug Administration to approve them for narrow use based on smaller clinical trials than required for more widely used antibiotics. Under LPAD, drug companies will still have to show that a drug's benefits outweigh the risks in patients with serious infections. It's an idea modeled after the successful Orphan Drug Program, which encourages the development of drugs for rare diseases. Promoting the appropriate use of these new antibiotics is critical, because we know antibiotic misuse and overuse are significant drivers of drug resistance. Special labeling will ensure narrow marketing of these drugs. Educational efforts should be put in place to send a strong signal to health care providers, facilities and insurers that these drugs are only for patients who need them most. These drugs will also likely be priced higher, commensurate with their value as life-saving medicines, than traditionally approved antibiotics, another factor that will help limit their wider use. Antibiotic stewardship programs, which encourage appropriate antibiotic use by providers and health facilities, will play a key role. These programs provide much needed support and guidance to clinicians and ensure that our precious resource of antibiotics will be used wisely. Professional medical groups -- including the American Medical Association -- public health organizations, patient groups and pharmaceutical manufacturers have voiced their support for IDSA's proposal. FDA and several members of Congress are also interested in the concept and in moving it forward. To be sure, developing new antibiotics and speeding their approval process to treat seriously ill patients is just one way to grapple with this complex public health crisis. IDSA also promotes enhanced public health efforts, including better data collection and surveillance of drug resistance and the use of antibiotics, improved infection prevention, antimicrobial stewardship, and stronger efforts to encourage the appropriate use of antibiotics in humans and on the farm. Increased research funding to explore how antibiotic resistance develops and spreads is just as vital, along with additional economic incentives and regulatory clarity to boost antibiotic development. Patients like Addie need our help. We must take action now. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Helen Boucher.
It's the one fact about Mexico that you probably didn't know. The country's name is not really Mexico, at least not officially. After gaining independence from Spain in 1821, Mexico officially became the "United Mexican States."|||The American independence movement had inspired Mexican leaders of that era and since Mexico, in fact, also was a territory composed of states, the name stuck and became official in 1824. But the reality is the official name is used only by Mexican officials who deal with diplomatic protocol and official documents pertaining to international relations. For the rest of Mexicans -- and the world -- the country is simply known as Mexico. Mexicans feeling persecuted flee U.S. That's why outgoing Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Thursday sent to the Mexican Congress a piece of legislation to change the country's name officially to simply Mexico. Calderon, a conservative president better known for his war on drug cartels and organized crime, is literally in his last days in office. Enrique Pena Nieto, who was elected in July, takes office on December 1. It's still too early to know if the new Mexican Congress will quickly act on Calderon's bill or tackle other more pressing matters like security and the economy. In announcing his decision to propose officially changing his country's name, Calderon said Thursday the name United Mexican States was originally taken because back in 1824 the United States of America was an example of democracy and liberty for the new independent nations in the Americas. Opinion: To-do list for Obama and Mexico's new president. "It's time that we Mexicans retake the beauty and simplicity of our motherland's name: Mexico.  (It's) a name that we use when chanting or singing, a name that identifies us throughout the world and that makes us proud," Calderon said. "Mexico" is a word first used by the Aztecs in their original nahuatl language.  The indigenous tribe founded a city called Tenochtitlan in the valley now occupied by the modern Mexico City. That original city was conquered by the Spanish in 1521. Mexico gained its independence from Spain in 1821. In Spanish, Mexicans pronounce the "x" in Mexico as a hard "h." Opinion: Racism in plain view in Mexico.
(CNN) -- The two women shot and wounded by Los Angeles police during the manhunt for renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner are "not doing well," their attorney said Thursday at a news conference to announce a resolution to the loss of their bullet-riddled pickup truck.|||Margie Carranza, 47, and her mother, Emma Hernandez, 71, will receive $40,000 to replace the truck, Los Angeles City Attorney Carmen Trutanich said. Carranza and Hernandez were shot as police searched for Dorner, a former police officer who was wanted for killing several people in early February. Dorner manhunt: A car chase, a gunfight and a fiery cabin. The two women were in a truck similar to the one authorities said Dorner was driving. "They're not doing well," attorney Glen Jonas said. "Margie is still very emotionally impacted by what happened. Emma is suffering as far as her injuries are concerned." Hernandez was shot twice in the back, and Carranza suffered injuries from broken glass, CNN affiliate KTLA reported. Trutanich told reporters that now that the issues with the truck are settled, lawyers can turn their attention to the personal injury issues. The lawyers said they had to find a creative solution to get the women a new truck because of tax laws. Essentially the $40,000 is for the value of the truck, Jonas' fees, compensation for the time the women have gone without a truck and other matters. Jonas waived his fees, which would have amounted to about $25,000, he said. "We wanted to get this issue resolved because it is draining a lot of energy," Jonas said. He would not comment on how much the women will seek in compensation for their physical injuries and emotional distress. Dorner died February 12 while holed up in a cabin that caught fire when police fired tear gas canisters into it. Days before, he had killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former comrades before apparently taking his own life in the cabin. CNN's Amanda Watts contributed to this story.
(CNN) -- Gareth Bale scored both goals as Tottenham Hotspur bolstered their burgeoning title challenge in the English Premier League with a 2-0 win at Norwich Tuesday night.|||The comfortable victory lifted Tottenham four points clear of fourth-placed Chelsea in the standings and within seven of Manchester City and Manchester United at the top. Harry Redknapp's men also have a game in hand over all their nearest rivals and while qualification for next season's Champions League remains a more realistic expectation, the manner of their win in East Anglia would have again raised even greater hopes among their supporters. The home side have surprised a number of teams on their return to the top-flight but had few sights of goal on their home ground and did not win a corner until deep into the second half. Welshman Bale, who wasted opportunities in the first half, finally found the target in the 55th minute at Carrow Road as Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor set him up to fire past home goalkeeper John Ruddy. His second displayed his individual brilliance as sent away by Luka Modric, the flying winger outpaced Zak Whitbread before chipping Ruddy for this seventh league goal of the season. More might have followed as Tottenham kept a stranglehold on possession but they will go into their next two fixtures over the seasonal period against Swansea and West Bromwich Albion with great confidence. "We've learned a lot from last year being in the Champions League," man of the match Bale told Sky Sports. He added: "As long as we are creating chances that's the main thing. "We were confident we would get one whoever it fell to and lucky enough it was. me." Earlier Tuesday, Tottenham's north London rivals Arsenal were held to a frustrating 1-1 draw by 10-man Wolves at the Emirates Stadium. It left Arsene Wenger's men in fifth place, 12 points behind Manchester City and Manchester United and five adrift of Spurs. Gervinho put Arsenal ahead in the eighth minute after being put through by Israeli international Yossi Benayoun. But Wolves, again battling relegation, leveled just before halftime as Steven Fletcher reacted quickly to head home. In the second half, Arsenal thought they should have had a penalty when Christophe Berra appeared to handball and the visitors were reduced to 10 men when Nenad Milijas was sent off for a foul on Mikel Arteta. With a man advantage, the prolific Robin van Persie was kept out by Wolves keeper Wayne Hennessey, who also saved superbly from Thomas Vermaelen as Wolves held out for a point. "It is very frustrating," Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told AFP. "You won't play many draws like that in a season but sometimes it can happen." In Tuesday's other match, promoted clubs Swansea and QPR shared the points in a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium. Swansea took a 14th-minute lead through striker Danny Graham, with QPR appealing for handball. The visitors leveled in the second half when Jamie Mackie latched on to Swansea midfielder Jamie Britton's misjudged back header and shot under Michel Vorm to score.
Doha, Qatar (CNN) -- An international donors' conference on Darfur kicked off Sunday in Doha with the hope of raising $7.25 billion to bring aid and sustainable development to the troubled region in Sudan.|||"There is an opportunity to assist the people of Darfur through massive generosity," said Ali Al-Zatari, the representative of the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in Sudan. "Darfur still needs stability," Al-Zatari added. He said 3.5 million people need humanitarian assistance, and 1.5 million of them live in camps. The conference, whose participants include the UN, the governments of Qatar and Sudan, and the World Bank, seeks to "to mobilize financial support for the recovery and development needs in Darfur." Reactions to the conference, however, are mixed. "The conference is a strong message to the Darfurian people that they are not forgotten," said Abdullah Adam Khatir, a Darfurian writer. "It will take time, it's a process,." Al-Baqir Afifi, a civil society activist, on the other hand, disagreed with the conference's approach. "Those who are going to pledge money want to know if the money is going to reach Darfur or not," he said. "It is still insecure in Darfur; there is chaos," he added. Protests against the conference took place in some camps in Darfur last week. "What are they going to do with this money when there is no security?" an activist who preferred not to be named said, according to AFP. Violence broke out in Darfur in 2003 when non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum, accusing it of neglect and discrimination. In response, the government of Sudan unleashed a massive counterinsurgency using militias known as the janjaweed. The violence that followed has led to the deaths of 300,000 people, according to United Nations figures from 2008. The Sudanese government says that 10,000 have died. The International Criminal Court as a result indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide allegedly committed in Darfur. One rebel group, the Liberation and Justice Movement signed a peace agreement with the Sudanese government in 2011 known as the Doha Document for Peace, but progress on the deal has been slow. Three other rebel groups have refused to sign the document. On Sunday, a splinter group from the Justice and Equality Movement, the largest Darfurian rebel group, signed a "final peace agreement" with the Sudanese government.
(CNN) -- A Texas grand jury declined to issue charges Thursday in a November 2012 deadly collision between a freight train and a parade float that killed four veterans and injured more than a dozen people, Assistant District Attorney Eric Kalenak of Midland County said.|||The accident happened on November 15 during the "Hunt for Heroes" parade to honor members of the U.S. military. The last flatbed truck in the parade was crossing the tracks when an eastbound Union Pacific train slammed into it, Midland police said. An attorney representing Smith Industries, the owner of the truck that served as the float, identified the driver as Dale Andrew Hayden. Civil litigation, however, is pending as the family of at least one deceased victim and several surviving victims, including one left paralyzed, are suing the railroad and Smith Industries, according to the website of the law firm Glasheen, Valles & Inderman in Lubbock, Texas. A second suit on behalf of families of two deceased veterans was filed in Dallas against the railroad, the law firm said. "Of the twelve families who were on the float stuck by the train, nine have filed suit," the law firm said in a January announcement. Last year, the National Transportation Safety Board said the grade crossing warning system, which consists of a bell, lights and a gate, operated as designed, giving a 20-second warning of the train's arrival. But the truck entered the crossing and the gate lowered, tipping over flag stands on the float. The board re-created the accident as part of an investigation. An NTSB board member said the south traffic light at the grade crossing turned green 21 seconds before the train's arrival at the crossing, as designed, to allow traffic time to clear the crossing. At 20 seconds before the collision, the bells and lights on the mast activated, in keeping with the minimum time under federal law. Those killed were identified as Marine Corps Chief Warrant Officer 3 Gary Stouffer, 37; Army Sgt. Maj. Lawrence Boivin, 47; Army Sgt. Joshua Michael, 34; and Army Sgt. Maj. William Lubbers, 43. CNN's Amanda Watts contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- One of the most enduring mysteries of the 20th century has been put to rest: DNA analysis of bone fragments has proven that two of Czar Nicholas' children believed to have escaped were killed with their royal family during the Russian Revolution.|||Czar Nicholas II, from left, daughters Olga, Maria, wife Alexandra, kids Anastasia, Alexei and Tatiana in 1917. The chemically damaged and burnt remains were found in the Romanov family's makeshift grave outside the city of Yekaterinburg, Russia, in 2007. In 2008, scientists used bone and tooth fragments to identify the remains as those of the two missing children of Czar Nicholas II: 13-year-old Crown Prince Alexei, the emperor's only son and heir to the throne, and his sister Grand Duchess Maria, about 19. Researchers wanted to confirm their findings by comparing DNA from the remains with that of living Romanov relatives. The results of the DNA analysis were published online Tuesday in the journal PloS One. The Romanov family, the last Russian monarchy, was executed in 1918 by Bolsheviks in the basement of a home in Yekaterinburg, about 900 miles (1,448 kilometers) east of Moscow. Several of their staff members and servants also were killed. Nicholas' reign had ended when he abdicated the throne in 1917 at the time of the Russian Revolution. The remains of the family were discovered in 1991, during the last days of the Soviet Union. In 1998, those remains -- of Nicholas, his wife, Alexandra, and three daughters -- were interred in a cathedral in St. Petersburg that contains the crypts of other Russian royalty. At the time, many thought that Alexei and Maria might have escaped -- leading to hopes among royal supporters that one or both Romanovs were still alive. But clues left by one of the family's assassins led investigators to the grave where the remains of Alexei and Maria were unearthed in 2007. The drama surrounding the Romanovs has been the subject of many books, movies and documentaries. Several women have claimed that they were Anastasia, Nicholas' youngest daughter, contending that they escaped the executions. The body of one impostor, Anna Anderson, was cremated when she died in 1984. DNA tests showed she was not related to the Romanov family.
Two weeks before he tested positive for Ebola in Liberia, American journalist Ashoka Mukpo talked about the bleak situation there.|||"Man oh man, I have seen some bad things in the last two weeks of my life," he posted on Facebook last month from the Liberian capital of Monrovia. "How unpredictable and fraught with danger life can be. How in some parts of the world, basic levels of help and assistance that we take for granted completely don't exist for many people." The 33-year-old freelance cameraman for NBC News started feeling achy and tired Wednesday, and he quarantined himself. A  day later, a test at a Doctors Without Borders facility in Monrovia  confirmed that he had Ebola. Anxious parents. Mukpo was among a team working with Dr. Nancy Snyderman, the agency's chief medical correspondent. In an interview with NBC's  "Today" show Friday, his mother said he'll leave for the United States on Sunday. NBC News has said the entire team will return aboard a private charter plane. "The enormous anxiety I have as a mother ... is the delay between now and him leaving on Sunday," Diana Mukpo said. "The State Department has been fantastic. They've been compassionate. I can only hope and pray that his symptoms don't worsen." Mukpo's father told the "Today" show that although he is able to walk around and has only a mild fever, his son is worried. "Obviously, he is scared ... he has been filming what's happening in Liberia for two weeks and seeing the death and tragedy,"  Dr. Mitchell Levy said. "And now it's really hit home for him. But his spirits are better today." Your Ebola questions answered. Sick a day after he was hired. NBC News hired him Tuesday, and Snyderman said she'd worked with him for only a few hours when he started feeling sick. "My suspicion is that he was infected before we met him and then he became symptomatic once we met him," Snyderman said Friday on the "Today" show. "The amount of virus in his body is low. We should have a very good prognosis." Before working for NBC, he wrote for a series of other international media, including Al Jazeera and Vice News. His passion for Liberia comes through in his work, which makes references to visits to the nation dating years ago. "He spent two years in Monrovia working with a nongovernmental organization, and really made a strong connection to the Liberian people, and ... wanted to go back and see if he could make a difference," Levy said. Can you catch Ebola on a plane? Team to be put in isolation. The rest of the medical team does not have any symptoms, but when the team members return to the U.S., they will be quarantined for 21 days -- the disease's incubation period -- as a precaution. The cameraman is believed to be the fourth American stricken by the disease while in Liberia. Dr. Kent Brantly, Nancy Writebol and Dr. Rick Sacra all contracted the disease while working in the country. All three recovered after they were evacuated from Liberia and treated at hospitals in Atlanta and Omaha, Nebraska. Ebola has killed more than 3,000 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, and the United Nations says those numbers are vastly under-reported. Complete coverage on Ebola.
(CNN) -- With the new iPhone 5S and 5C due out this week, smartphones are top of mind. And while many are oohing and aahing over the new vibrant color choices for Apple's coveted phone, sometimes a custom case is much more personal.|||But customization isn't just for your case; turns out, there are all sorts of new accessories and apps that let you add personality (and sometimes even functionality) to your mobile device -- whether it's new or not-so-new. Brit + Co.: 100 creative DIY wall art ideas to decorate your space. Cases. What better way to combine your love for the analog and digital worlds than with this cross-stitch case? It comes blank with multiple colors of embroidery thread for you to stitch your own designs. (Cross-stitch newbies, don't worry -- it has simple patterns you can follow!) If you'd rather customize your case with photos, a company called Casetagram will let you turn your favorite Instagram pics into a personalized case. It offers case sizes for iPhones, iPads, Android phones, and even some BlackBerry devices. Brit + Co.: Our 4 favorite things about Apple's new line of iPhones. For a case that will really turn some heads, turn to a custom wooden version from JackBacks. These bespoke cases are made from materials like walnut and bamboo, CNC cut and then laser-engraved with any design of your choice. The company offers phone cases, Macbook covers, and even wooden sunglasses for you non-Apple users. If you're an exercise fanatic, you'll want to check out Underfuse, a company that designs iron-on cases specifically so that you can attach your phone, keys and other essentials to your workout gear instead of having to hold them in your hand. Brit + Co.: 40 genius no-sew DIY projects. Many phone cases are now doubling as functional objects as well. A clipboard case lets you keep scratch paper handy just in case you're not yet into taking virtual notes. If you're a handyman or handywoman, you'll appreciate the added bonus of this measuring tape case or the ReadyCase, which includes many of the capabilities of a Swiss army knife. And finally, for those who might not be rushing to get one of the new gold iPhones but still want to show off a shiny metallic case, check out the Incase Chrome Slider Case. Brit + Co.: How to turn wine bottles into tumblers. Accessories & Docks. Smartphone accessories are becoming much smarter, cooler, and better designed for today's digital lifestyle. For instance, the Areaware phone dock is made of solid wood (it also comes in a variety of bright colors) and is meant to resemble one of the original digital flip clocks that likely sat on your bedside table decades ago. The modern woman will see the value in a new brand called Everpurse, which has a patent-pending design on a handbag with a smartphone charging pocket inside. Just drop your phone in and it will automatically start charging the battery. No cords required. Brit + Co.: Life lessons: How to waterproof your shoes. One of the more progressive smartphone accessories may be the gTar, an iPhone-compatible electric guitar that actually teaches you how to play music. It's made out of solid basswood and works with hundreds of music apps, so that you can learn to create, compose and play all at once. Wallpaper and Apps. If you're not up for a new case but still want to make your phone one-of-a-kind, try updating your wallpaper background with something meaningful. While a photo is the classic way to spruce things up, a custom quote or design is also great to throw into the mix. Here's a free downloadable design (get it for Android, iPad or iPhone 5) featuring Maya Angelou's famous quote, "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." And if you're one of those people who is always forgetting what day it is, you might be interested in Red Stamp's calendar wallpaper. It updates every month and works for PCs, iPhones, iPads and Android devices. Brit + Co.: The 25 best couple costumes ever. To browse even more ways to reinvent your phone -- from DIY ideas to innovative cases and accessories -- explore more ideas from Brit + Co.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The oldest known surviving copy of the New Testament gets the modern touch Thursday when parts of it go online for the first time.|||The full manuscript of the Codex Sinaiticus will be online a year from now. The British Library plans to begin publishing the Codex Sinaiticus, a 4th century text handwritten in Greek, on its Web site. The Gospel of Mark and the Book of Psalms go online Thursday. The full manuscript is to be online in a year. Translations of the Codex Sinaiticus have long been widely available, but publishing images of the manuscript online will let anyone see pages that, until now, have been viewed in detail mainly by academia. As the Web site becomes operational, it will show photographs of each page of the text, with links to translations in English and German. There will also be a search function. "It contains the earliest complete copy of the New Testament," said Scot McKendrick, the head of Western Manuscripts at the British Library. While the Codex contains all of the New Testament, it also includes part of the Old Testament and originally contained the entire text of the Christian Bible. The manuscript also includes the Apocrypha, 14 disputed books of the Old Testament that are usually omitted from the Protestant Bible. It also includes two early Christian texts: the "Epistle of Barnabas" and the "Shepherd of Hermas." The library announced plans three years ago to digitize the 1,600-year-old book, a tough job since pieces of the manuscript reside in four countries. "It was a challenge, but it was ... also very exciting," said Juan Garces, the curator of the project. Photographers took digital pictures of the text in United Kingdom, Russia, Germany and Egypt to put the entire manuscript online. "It unites something that belongs together," he said. The complete text once was housed at the Monastery of St. Catherine in Sinai, Egypt, before it came to the attention of a German scholar, Constantine Tischendorf, in the 19th century. He took parts of it to Germany and Russia. The British Library later bought several hundred pages from the Russians. Digitizing the text is a windfall for scholars, but the main goal was to make the Codex available to everyone. "It makes it accessible, and it opens up to anyone who can access it via the Internet," Garces added. Eventually, the manuscript will be translated into Russian and modern Greek. "The user will come to the Web site and will be able to look at images of each page of Codex Sinaiticus, will be able to zoom in and out and look around the page and see the page lit in standard light." Garces said.
Cairo (CNN) -- Egypt's first democratically elected president, Mohamed Morsi, will appoint a woman as one of his vice presidents and a Christian as another, his policy adviser told CNN.|||"For the first time in Egyptian history -- not just modern but in all Egyptian history -- a woman will take that position," Ahmed Deif told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Monday. "And it's not just a vice president who will represent a certain agenda and sect, but a vice president who is powerful and empowered and will be taking care of critical advising within the presidential Cabinet." Amanpour blog: The woman who monitored Egypt's election. The news came as the man Morsi beat for the presidency, Ahmed Shafik, left Egypt for Abu Dhabi, and as Cairo's administrative court overturned a rule that allowed the military to arrest people without a warrant. Though Morsi had previously argued for banning women from the presidency, he said before the election that as president he would stand for women's rights. "The role of women in Egyptian society is clear," Morsi told CNN weeks before the runoff election. "Women's rights are equal to men. Women have complete rights, just like men. There shouldn't be any kind of distinction between Egyptians except that ... based on the constitution and the law." The Islamist figure, a Muslim Brotherhood leader, also promised to safeguard the rights of minorities. Egypt "definitely" will not be an "Islamic Republic," Deif said Monday. Morsi moved into his offices Monday, said Jihad Haddad, an adviser to the transition team. He began the work of assembling a new government -- one of the powers he maintains after the military junta running the country recently slashed the presidency's reach. The process of picking people to serve in the Cabinet "won't end in a day," Haddad said. Shafik, who lost in the runoff election to Morsi, left the country Tuesday for the United Arab Emirates, his attorney and a Cairo airport official said. He traveled to Abu Dhabi, Cairo airport official Mohamed Sultan said. He is not fleeing the country, Shafik's attorney, Showee Elsayed, told CNN. While legal petitions accusing Shafik of corruption were submitted in April, prosecutors have not taken legal action on them, so "there are absolutely no legal cases pending" against him, Elsayed said. Shafik was the final prime minister to serve under President Hosni Mubarak before he was ousted. Shafik's office said Tuesday he "will establish a new political party upon his return from the UAE and Saudi Arabia, where he is on private visits." He and his two daughters will perform Umrah, an Islamic religious pilgrimage to Mecca. Meanwhile, Cairo's administrative court, which hears civilian complaints against the government, rejected a controversial rule Tuesday that the Ministry of Justice had established before the election. The rule stated that military personnel and intelligence forces could arrest civilians without a warrant. The right to arrest civilians had previously been reserved for police officers, the state-run Ahram news agency reported. The court also decided that, on September 1, it will look into legal petitions filed against the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces over its decision to cancel the constitutional committee, which had been charged by the parliament before it was dissolved with drafting a new constitution. The court decided that on July 7, it will look into legal petitions filed to stop recently issued constitutional articles by SCAF that limit the powers of the president. And on July 10, the court will look into legal petitions filed against the decision to dissolve parliament. They were among 14 legal complaints filed about the rule by various individuals and groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood. CNN's Samuel Burke, Amir Ahmed and Josh Levs contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- An incident-packed final day at Cheltenham culminated in a no-less dramatic finale when outsider Lord Windermere captured the Gold Cup in heart-stopping fashion for trainer Jim Culloty and jockey Davy Russell.|||The 20-1 shot beat On His Own and crowd favorite The Giant Bolster on Friday to land the most prestigious prize in the British jumps racing calendar. A stewards' inquiry was immediately called after possible interference between the first two and third-placed The Giant Bolster, but the result stood to give Culloty a notable Gold Cup double as well as the £327,300 ($544,000) first prize. The Irishman, who rode Best Mate to three consecutive victories from 2002-04, became just the fourth person to triumph as both jockey and trainer. "They were the worst few minutes of my life," the 41-year-old said of his agonizing wait during the inquiry. "This was so unbelievable that I almost expected to lose the race." Lord Windermere won the RSA Chase novices race at Cheltenham last year, but was not among the favorites for the Gold Cup. "I'd told Davy Russell to take his time but halfway round I wondered what he was doing -- I wanted to sack him!" Culloty said. "I told him to ride the horse to get a place but he exaggerated the waiting tactics a bit too much! "Everyone has said the horses haven't been right but I've only got 25 horses and 10 of those would be three-year-olds, so it's pretty impressive to have two winners here, including a Gold Cup." The owners of On His Own were celebrating after taking a gamble to pay a £27,500 ($45,000) supplementary late-entry fee for the 16-1 shot, who took home £122,800 ($204,000). "It was well worth spending the money to supplement him," said co-owner Graham Wylie. "I'm not at all disappointed, just proud of the horse. He did better than we expected. Coming down to the second-last I thought he might be sixth or seventh, but then his stamina kicked in and he flew up the hill." Earlier in the day, Ruby Walsh (overnight leading jockey for the meeting) and fellow rider Daryl Jacobs were taken to hospital following falls. Both are receiving ongoing treatment.
Washington (CNN) -- The Supreme Court will hear arguments this week in two same-sex marriage cases. Whatever the justices do, the outcome seems foreordained. When 80% of Americans under 30 agree about something, that something will happen -- it's only a matter of time.|||But while straight young Americans support marriage for gays, increasingly they opt against marriage for themselves. Nearly half of American children, 48%, are now born to unmarried women. Among women without college degrees, and of all races, unwed motherhood has become the norm. This is the crisis of the American family. Whether same-sex marriage proceeds fast or slow, whether it extends to all 50 states or stops with the current nine plus the District of Columbia, the crisis will be the same. Marriage and the Supreme Court: Five things to watch. Children born to single parents face much longer odds in life than children born to married parents. (A new study by ThirdWay.org suggests that the harms are especially intense for boys, less so for girls.) "Odds" are not rules, of course. There are always exceptions. On average, however, children born to married mothers and fathers are more likely to finish college, more likely to avoid prison and more likely to form marriages themselves than children born to single parents. And precisely because the harms of single parenthood tend to be self-replicating, the breakdown of marriage threatens to harden into a caste divide, with some families launched into cycles of downward mobility because of the unstable relationships of parents or grandparents or great-grandparents. For 20 years, Americans have fiercely debated whether gays -- who constitute maybe 3% of the population -- should be allowed to marry each other. Meanwhile, Americans have given short shrift to what is happening to the 97% of the population that is allowed to marry, but increasingly opts not to do so. Chief Justice Roberts' lesbian cousin to attend same-sex marriage hearings. One reason we've given the single-parenthood problem short shrift is that we lack good ideas about how to address it. The core of the problem seems to be the decline of male wages relative to female wages. The New York Times this week quoted an MIT economist, Michael Greenstone:. "I think the greatest, most astonishing fact that I am aware of in social science right now is that women have been able to hear the labor market screaming out 'You need more education' and have been able to respond to that, and men have not. And it's very, very scary for economists because people should be responding to price signals. And men are not. It's a fact in need of an explanation." As men (on average) finish less education, as male wages (on average) decline, men become less attractive as marital partners. As Harvard's Christopher Jencks -- a left-leaning academic, it should be stressed -- said in that same New York Times piece: "Single-parent families tend to emerge in places where the men already are a mess." Sutter: The county where no one's gay. But how do we make men without a college education less of a mess? This is the master problem of American society, and not only American society. Everywhere in the developed world, the decline of mass-production industries has put pressure on the roles and incomes of working-class and middle-class men. The expansion of government and service industries has opened new opportunities for women, of which working-class and middle-class men seem less able to avail themselves. It's important to note that men in full-time work continue to earn more than women in full-time work. But that bottom-line number conceals a widening divergence between the family patterns of the college-educated top one-third, where family life is increasingly stable, and those of the non-college-educated bottom two-thirds, where family life is increasingly disrupted. It's the family life of the bottom two-thirds that is the family policy challenge of the 21st century. The debate over same-sex marriage is yesteryear's issue. It's settled, whether the Supreme Court knows it or not. But how to ensure that the next generation of American children enjoys the more equal chance and the wider opportunities from a more universal commitment to marriage -- that debate needs to begin. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Revenge attacks targeting a village in southeast Kenya killed 10 people Thursday, including women and children, the nation's Red Cross said.|||The deaths occurred in Tana River district , the latest in a series of attacks in the area. Read more: Dozens of Kenyans killed in dawn raid. A day earlier, nine others died in an attack that left homes torched in a nearby village, according to the Kenyan Red Cross. Attacks and revenge raids have soared in the region in recent months. Read more: Second blast in 3 days hits Somali neighborhood in Kenya. Late last month, rival tribesmen armed with arrows and machetes clashed at dawn, leaving 32 dead, the Red Cross said. In the December attack, at least 30 more were injured in the clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes in the district, the Kenya Red Cross said in a statement. Both sides have engaged in retaliatory clashes in recent months. Read more: Police: 38 Kenyan officers killed in ambush involving cattle. It's unclear what triggered the latest clashes, but the two groups have fought for years over grazing rights, land and water sources. Pokomos are largely farmers while the semi-nomadic Orma tribesmen mostly tend to livestock. The former have accused the latter of grazing cattle on land that does not belong to them. Violence between the two escalated after an August confrontation killed more than 50 people in the same region. Kenya has dispatched hundreds of officers to the area in recent months, but authorities in the east African nation have been criticized for failing to stop the carnage. Read related: Election rekindles memory of Kenyan village's love affair with President Obama.
(CNN) -- Employers in Denmark have started paying compensation to women who have developed breast cancer after working night shifts.|||Studies have shown that nurses working night shifts have an increased risk of developing breast cancer. Thirty-eight eight women have so far received payments via their employers' insurance companies, the Danish National Board of Industrial Injuries told CNN. To qualify for compensation, women must have developed breast cancer after having worked at least one night shift a week for 20 to 30 years. The amount of compensation depends on the severity of claimants' illness and their ability to work. The move came after the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), part of the World Health Organization, concluded that night work is "probably carcinogenic to humans," in October 2007. Ulla Mahnkopf developed breast cancer after 30 years working as a flight attendant for SAS, a job where night shifts were the norm. She told the BBC that had she known the effects of night working she wouldn't have flown for so many years. The IARC classifies the cancer risk of night work as "Group 2A" -- the same as using sun beds -- and just one group below confirmed carcinogens like asbestos and mustard gas. The IARC reviewed published scientific literature and found that long-term night workers have an increased risk of breast cancer. Dr Vincent Cogliano, Head of the IARC Monographs Program, told CNN that the evidence in humans is limited to breast cancer because researchers have historically studied nurses and flight attendants. Cogliano said he would like to see studies carried out on different types of workers in other industrial settings. He added that the human studies are consistent with laboratory research that exposes animals to changing patterns of light and dark to mimic the conditions of humans working at night. It is thought that night work can disrupt the circadian system, which can alter sleep patterns, suppress melatonin production, and affect genes involved in tumor development. "This is a very important topic and it needs more research," said Cogliano. "Working at night or disrupting your sleep cycle is a widespread phenomenon and it is important to understand the health implications. There could be other cancers or other health implications involved." Those most likely to do night shifts are those working in the health-care industry, hospitality, industrial manufacturing, news media and security workers.
London, England (CNN) -- Simon Cowell's stranglehold on the British Christmas record charts looks as though it might be coming to an end.|||The talent show judge's latest protege and winner of British TV talent show "The X Factor," Joe McElderry is currently lagging behind heavy-rock group Rage Against The Machine in the battle for the UK Christmas number-one slot. With just over two days to go before the winner is announced, Rage Against The Machine's re-release of their 1992 song "Killing in the Name" is narrowly beating "The Climb," McElderry's cover of a Miley Cyrus hit. The winner of "The X Factor" -- which Cowell produces and judges -- has held the top spot over the festive season in the UK for the past four years. The popularity of the talent show -- this year's final was watched by around 20 million viewers -- has meant the race to the number-one slot in recent years has been, in effect, a non-contest because of the publicity the "X Factor" winner has enjoyed. But a campaign on the social networking site "Facebook" to make the U.S. rock group number-one ahead of "The X Factor" winner has received massive support from the British record buying public who have been snapping up "Killing in the Name" in their thousands. Whoever ends up on top of the UK charts this Christmas, the Rage/Cowell battle has enlivened what has become a rather dull and predictable procession to the top of the charts by the winner of the UK talent show. In an appearance on BBC radio station "5 live" Thursday, Rage's front man Zach De La Rocha swore several times during a live performance, forcing the BBC to issue an apology to listeners. And on Friday, Sir Paul McCartney, came out in support of the U.S. rock group, despite performing on the final show of "The X Factor" this year. Speaking to Sky News McCartney said: "It would be kind of funny if Rage Against The Machine got it." Meanwhile, Simon Cowell has been raging against, well, just about anyone in defense of McElderry telling the UK tabloid newspaper "The Sun" that "musical snobs have ganged up against Joe." He also called the Facebook campaign "a huge hate mob" -- a claim which the Facebook group have denied. All will be revealed this Sunday when the final UK singles chart before Christmas is announced. Will the talent judge be celebrating his fifth "Christmas Cowell" in a row or will he be overcome by Rage? We'll have to wait and see.
(CNN) -- A slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed Sunday to recall 143 million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in U.S. history.|||Officials said this is the largest recall in the United States, surpassing a 1999 recall of 35 million pounds. Keith Williams, a U.S. Department of Agriculture  spokesman, said investigators have found no cases of illness related to the recalled meat. But Dick Raymond, the undersecretary of agriculture for food safety, said there was a "remote probability" that the meat from the Westland/Hallmark Meat Packing Company in Chino, California, could cause illness in humans. The amount of beef -- 143 million pounds -- is roughly enough for two hamburgers for each man, woman and child in the United States. The largest U.S. meat recall before Sunday came in 1999, when about 35 million pounds of product possibly contaminated with listeria were ordered off shelves. USDA officials said that was Class I recall, involving a known risk to human health. Sunday's action was a Class II recall, under which authorities say there is little risk of illness. Raymond said cattle that had lost the ability to walk since passing pre-processing inspections were slaughtered without an inspector having examined them for chronic illness -- a practice he said violated federal regulations and had been going on for at least two years.  Watch video of cows being abused ». Federal regulations are aimed at preventing the spread of bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or BSE -- the scientific name for "mad cow" disease. It's important to keep downed cattle out of the food supply because they also may pose a higher risk of contamination from E. coli or salmonella because the animals tend to wallow in feces and have weaker immune systems, according to AP. Raymond said the average age of the cattle involved is 5-7 years, meaning they were likely born long after a 1997 ban on ruminant feed, and that the incidence of BSE in U.S. cattle is "extremely rare." "We do not know how much of this product is out there at this time. We do not feel this product presents a health risk of any significance," he said. "But the product was produced in non-compliance with our regulations, so therefore we do have to take this action." About 37 million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs and other federal nutrition programs since October 2006, said Ron Vogel, of the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service. The recall dates back to February 1, 2006, and Raymond said "the great majority" of the meat has probably been eaten already. USDA officials have begun tracing the products covered by the recall, he said. "A lot of this is fresh, raw product and with ground beef, etcetera, that has a very short shelf life and refrigerator life," he said. Most of the beef was sent to distribution centers in bulk packages. The USDA said it will work with distributors to determine how much meat remains, the AP reports. In January, the Humane Society of the United States accused Westland/Hallmark of abusing "downed" cattle, releasing video that showed workers kicking cows, jabbing them near their eyes, ramming them with a forklift and shooting high-intensity water up their noses in an effort to force them to their feet for slaughter. Federal inspectors halted operations at the plant earlier this month after finding "clear violations" of USDA regulations. California prosecutors on Friday announced animal cruelty charges against two former employees of the plant. In a statement issued February 3, Westland Meat President Steve Mendell said the company was cooperating with the USDA and called the practices depicted in the humane society video as "a serious breach of our company's policies and training." "We have taken swift action regarding the two employees identified on the video and have already implemented aggressive measures to ensure all employees follow our humane handling policies and procedures," Mendell said. E-mail to a friend. CNN's Jen Pifer contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The Libyan government tried and failed to swap three captured Dutch military personnel for two Libyan Air Force jets whose pilots defected with their warplanes to the European island nation of Malta last month.|||Maltese officials who helped negotiate the release of the Dutch prisoners in conjunction with Greek diplomats on Thursday, say they rejected Libya's request for the return of the Libyan Mirage fighter planes. In a telephone interview with CNN, a spokesman for Malta's foreign ministry said Libya sent Mohamad Tahir Siala, a senior Libyan diplomat, on a private jet to Malta on Wednesday to meet with Lawrence Gonzi, the Maltese prime minister. "During the discussion it was discussed whether Malta would give back the two Mirages in exchange for the Dutch prisoners," said ministry spokesman Melvyn Mangion. In an interview with the Times of Malta newspaper this week, Gonzi said he refused this suggestion and insisted that the Dutch prisoners had to be released immediately without any conditions. The three Dutch navy personnel were captured by Libyan security forces on February 27, after they tried to evacuate a Dutch citizen from Libya by helicopter. The prisoners, two men and a woman, were later shown on Libyan state television along with their Lynx helicopter. Libyan state TV also showed captured weapons, and claimed that the crew had been operating a fighter helicopter in Libyan territory in violation of international law. After several rounds of negotiations this week, "eventually the Libyan authorities accepted to release the Dutch prisoners without getting the two Mirages back," said Mangion. The Libyan government has reportedly made several requests to Maltese officials to have its fighter planes returned, since their pilots landed unexpectedly in Malta on February 21. The pilots said they refused to carry out order by the government of Moammar Gadhafi to bomb Libyan protesters. Maltese officials say the two pilots have since requested political asylum. On Thursday, the Dutch foreign ministry announced Libyan authorities had released the three Dutch prisoners and that they were in good condition after being flown from Tripoli to Athens, Greece. Malta, a small island nation less than 250 miles off the Libyan coast, has long had close economic and political ties with the Gadhafi regime. Some observers call Malta the "gateway to Libya." But the increasingly bloody conflict in Libya has put this small country in an increasingly precarious position. Since forces loyal to Gadhafi began a deadly crackdown on unarmed protesters last month, Malta worked with the U.S., British and other governments to help evacuate foreigners fleeing Libya. However, the Maltese government also announced it is unwilling to play a larger diplomatic or military role in the growing confrontation between the European Union and Libya. "The Maltese prime minister reiterated that Malta will not be used as a military base should there be an action against Libya," said Mangion, the Maltese foreign ministry spokesman, citing a neutrality cause in Malta's constitution. "Malta will not act as a mediator between Libya and the EU, even though Libya formally asked Malta to," Mangion added. CNN's Per Nyberg contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- With their magnificent puppets, Basil Jones and Adrian Kohler have been pushing theatergoers' experiences to new heights, casting a spell on audiences across the world.|||The South African duo are the co-founders of the Handspring Puppet Company, creators of the astounding life-sized horse puppets that take over the stage in the award-winning play "War Horse." In June, the two artists, who are also partners in life, were the recipients of an honorary Tony Award in New York, a distinction marking the culmination of many years of beautiful, thought-provoking puppetry from the company they founded three decades ago. "It's a wonderful thing to be happening as we hit 30 years of our company and 40 years of our relationship together and 60 years on the planet, (as) we turn 60," says Jones. Blind music pioneer fires up Nigeria's modern sound. It's been a long journey for the two creative men who met at a South African art school in the 1970s, a time when all young white males were compelled to serve for a year in the armed forces of the apartheid government. Jones and Kohler decided not to join the army and fled to Botswana's capital, Gaborone, where many of their compatriots had also found shelter. "It was an incredibly happening place for South Africans and two white gay guys from South Africa kind of plunging themselves into the heart of the cultural African National Congress," says Kohler. "I think we sorted ourselves out then, and then came back to South Africa with intentions of trying to use theater as a means to educate kids of a possible different kind of future," he adds. Having started their career with children's plays, Jones and Kohler moved later onto works for adult audiences. They ended up creating some of their country's most successful theater pieces, often in collaboration with renowned South African artist William Kentridge. William Kentridge, the South African artist drawing apartheid. Having excited South African audiences for decades, the duo have recently exploded onto the international stage following the phenomenal success of "War Horse." The play, based on the celebrated novel by Michael Morpurgo, centers around the immense love of a boy for his horse against the background of World War I. The moving tale has become a major hit -- it is running in both New York and London, it's about open to open in Toronto and Melbourne and it's also slated to tour the United States within the year. It is also the newest film from blockbuster director Steven Spielberg. "It's become a phenomenon. It's strange to understand why, but it's taken off everywhere; by the end of next year there will be six productions running," says Kohler. On stage, Jones and Kohler's creations seem to occupy another space, creating a mesmerizing spectacle for their viewers. "Puppets celebrate and lyricize the everyday and the ordinary, they make our everyday lives epic, huge," says Jones. "We feel very lucky to be a part of this profession that is reinventing itself in the 21st century," adds Kohler. "In a time of CGI graphics, in movies where anything fantastical is possible, the puppets somehow are staking their claim for a handmade theatrical experience that can transport an audience in a different way." Despite all the success garnered from War Horse, Jones and Kohler are determined not to rest on their laurels. They admit that they are currently floating in a "sea of possibilities" but have to be careful about their future choices. "At the moment we're kind of saying no to big shows, let's rather do smaller local things, and that's giving us a tremendous amount of feedback and enjoyment," says Jones. Jones and Kohler have also set up a non-profit organization focused on developmental work in rural communities in South Africa, seeking to explore the boundaries of new puppet theater forms. "We think of Handspring more now as a platform for excellence in puppetry and we're inviting newcomers onto that platform as a place where we can present new ideas in our art form," says Jones. "We're not going to be around forever -- there is a lot of talent coming up and if they're interested in puppets, we're thrilled," adds Kohler. Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Only 20 minutes so far? I can't keep sitting on this bike. It hurts. I'll just leave class and use the restroom. I don't need to go to the bathroom, but it will give my rear end a break. What if everyone stares at me? Oh no, now my toes are going numb!|||These thoughts flew through my head during my second spin class a few weeks ago. Recently, our Fit Nation workouts have picked up in intensity. I have tried new activities and pushed myself beyond my physical comfort zone. When this journey began, I envisioned the biggest obstacle to my success would be physical. But after seven weeks of training, I have become acutely aware of the body part that needs the most conditioning. And much to my surprise, it's not my abs, triceps or quads. It's my mind. I've come to the conclusion that wanting to stop mid-workout has little to do with my body and everything to do with my mind. I know many folks who experience negative self-talk, where that little voice in your head tells you all the reasons you can't do something. My internal dialogue seems to be less focused on telling myself I can't do it and more concerned with developing and executing a workout exit strategy. My brain doesn't say, "You can't." It says, "You shouldn't." Oh, but I should. And I am. Change your mind, and your body will follow suit. But how do you change your mind? That's the million-dollar question. T-shirt tales: The athlete I used to be. It turns out some cliches are true. The first step is admitting you have a problem. Hi, my name is Tabitha, and I can talk myself out of a workout before I start. I had a long day at work. It's raining. I need to put gas in my car. It's Monday. Venus is in retrograde. You get the idea. Excuses and justifications are the path of least resistance. Here are some other cliches that have proved true during my training:. Listen to your body, not your head. I've been in the middle of many workouts when I desperately wanted to stop. But when I focused on what I was doing, I could ask myself, "Do I want to stop because I am in pain? Or am I just uncomfortable because I'm sweating, breathing hard and making my body stronger?" If I am honest with myself, the answer every time has been "I'm just uncomfortable." And guess what? I have finished every workout I have started. Get fit and others will follow. The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. I recently read the amazing book "Finding Ultra" by Rich Roll. In it he writes, "There's only one cure for fear. Faith." That line resonated with me. It helped me understand that as an adult, fear has prevented me from realizing my full physical potential. In the past, fear is what has stopped me from even trying. So now, if I find myself dragging my heels about a workout, I try to identify the why. Usually, it's something silly such as fearing the embarrassment of sharing a lap lane and slowing down another swimmer. Now when I go to pool and find myself in this situation, I simply watch the swimmers for a few minutes. I try to identify someone close to my speed and skill level. I then ask if I can share the lane and tell him or her upfront that I am new to training. This has worked every single time. The real key to overcoming these fears, as Roll pointed out, is faith. Have faith in your journey, in the universe and in yourself. Why being part of a team matters. A picture is worth a thousand words. Everyone, even the toughest endurance athletes, occasionally struggle during workouts. Sometimes the only way I get through particularly tough workouts is visualization. At times, it's remembering the two years I spent in nearly constant pain as I battled ulcerative colitis. Compared with that, the aches and weariness of triathlon training pale. More often, I like to visualize my eventual triathlon success. I envision myself crossing the finish line on a warm, breezy day in Malibu, California, this September. I see myself running into the arms of my husband, daughter, parents and sisters. I imagine that magical mixture of physical exhaustion, elation, pride and disbelief that I actually did it. And it keeps me going. Oh, and that spin class? I did not stop. I finished the class without stopping. And then I ran for 20 minutes afterward. Follow McMahon on Twitter @TriHardTabitha.
Greensboro, North Carolina (CNN) -- Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial Thursday, detailing hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by his former mistress, whose concealment during Edwards' failed presidential run remains at the heart of the scandal.|||They say the expenses ranged from luxury hotels to private jets to high-priced rental homes largely paid for by Fred Baron, a now-deceased Texas lawyer who was Edwards' finance chairman. Prosecutors did not call to the stand Rielle Hunter, the North Carolina Democrat's ex-mistress and the mother of his youngest child. Speechwriter: Edwards knew about affair cover-up. They say Edwards used donor funds to hide Hunter and their daughter, Quinn, in an effort to keep his candidacy viable. Edwards broke federal law, they allege, by accepting about $725,000 from heiress Rachel "Bunny" Mellon for that purpose and more than $200,000 from Baron. Edwards' defense team has argued that Andrew Young, a political aide, had largely used the money for his own personal gain, also paying for Hunter's medical expenses during her pregnancy to hide the affair from Edwards' wife. Donations for that purpose, the defense has argued, cannot be considered in violation of campaign finance laws. Edwards faces six felony courts, including conspiracy and making false statements. Young admitted earlier during questioning that he used some donations for his own personal benefit -- particularly to fund construction of a home that included a pool and a theater. On Tuesday, an Edwards donor testified that he told the Barack Obama campaign to believe rumors of Edwards' affair as early as June 2008. Prosecution witness Tim Toben, a developer and green energy entrepreneur, said during cross-examination that during a dinner with Edwards, the candidate was optimistic about his chances of his being selected as Obama's running mate. The message from Edwards was that if he were to be offered the position, he would take it, Toben testified. The witness said he found the idea "astonishing," given the then-rampant rumors of Edwards' affair and child with Hunter. After the dinner, Toben testified, he called the North Carolina director of the Obama campaign, saying reports about Edwards' affair were true and encouraged the campaign to vet the information thoroughly as it decided on its pick. If convicted, Edwards could face up to 30 years behind bars.
(EW.com) -- Guess we'll likely never find out what the Badlands were all about.|||Fox has cancelled prehistoric dino drama "Terra Nova" after one season, ending months of will-they-or-won't-they speculation. Studio 20th Century Fox TV, however, says they fight "Terra Nova's" extinction event by shopping the series to other networks. The decision was handed down despite a few factors that were in the show's favor: A creatively strong two-hour finale, which won over many of the show's grumbling detractors; Fox cancelling Monday night veteran "House"; and another Monday sci-fi drama, "Alcatraz," under-performing in recent weeks. From what we hear, Fox higher-ups weren't too fond of the show. "Terra Nova" will likely end up the highest-rated cancelled show of the season. It averaged 10.1 million viewers and a 3.6 adult demo rating once you add in a week of DVR playback. See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
(EW.com ) -- NBC's "The Voice" switched to live shows for the first time this cycle on Monday night, but a chunk of viewers shrugged off the next phase of the hit reality competition series.|||"The Voice" was down 15 percent from last week's episode in the adult demo to mark its lowest Monday performance ever (chart below), yet still once again charted as the night's top-rated show. "The Voice" typically tends to dip somewhat when it moves away from the spinny-chairs audition rounds. At least the show provided some high-wire drama when a Top 12 contestant endured a live TV microphone fail. EW: Full coverage of 'The Voice' At 10 p.m., NBC was surely thankful to see "The Blacklist" steady with last week's performance despite having a weaker lead-in this time and original competition from ABC's "Castle." Speaking of, ABC's rival reality veteran Dancing With the Stars had lousy news, down 9 percent to post its lowest rating this cycle. EW: 'The Voice' contestant Kristen Merlin powers through mid-performance mic outage. Over on CBS, 2 "Broke Girls" was down 9 percent from last week's debut in the 8 p.m. slot. The network is hoping this show can be a kick-starter for the block like "How I Met Your Mother" was, but this dip is a tad worrisome (maybe last week's guest star Lindsey Lohan needs to be a series regular? ... No, we don't really believe that). On The CW, "Tomorrow People" returned from a three week break and plummeted 40 percent from its most recent original. The CW has nothing but hard choices to make in terms of which of its bubble shows (Tomorrow, "Beauty and the Beast," "The Carrie Diaries," "Hart of Dixie") it renews for another season. The rest of the night's shows were largely on par. See the original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Larry King Live."|||Larry King, left, poses with (l-r) Paul McCartney, Yoko Ono Lennon, Olivia Harrison and Ringo Starr Tuesday in Las Vegas. "We were just kids from Liverpool," McCartney said. "And, yes, it is quite amazing, because as time goes on, it kind of becomes more and more of a phenomenon." McCartney said the early Beatles knew they were a good band and were pretty sure of themselves, but Starr said, "We thought we'd be really big in Liverpool." "I think the most exciting thing is that, you know, we expect people our age to know the music. But actually, a lot of kids know the music," Starr said. "And if anything is left, we have left really good music, and that's the important part, not the moptops or whatever." The pair appeared relaxed in sneakers and almost matching black suits and joked frequently -- often at each other's expense. "They were nothing," Starr said of his former bandmates. "And then I joined and then they got this record deal and look what happened." "No, we were good," McCartney retorted. "You wanted to join us. You begged to join us." "I didn't beg," Starr said.  Watch Paul and Ringo talk about the Beatles' magic ». McCartney and Starr were in Las Vegas with Yoko Ono Lennon and Olivia Harrison, the widows of John Lennon and George Harrison, to celebrate the anniversary of Cirque du Soleil's "Love," which uses the Beatles' music. Harrison said her husband was friends with Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberte and came up with the idea before he died of cancer in 2001. "George was around just long enough to transmit that to all of us," Harrison said. Ono said she wasn't sure at first what her husband would have thought about the project. John Lennon was shot near the couple's New York apartment in 1980. "Now I really know that John would be very happy with this," she said. Neither woman has remarried and they both said it was still sometimes difficult to deal with their losses. "We feel so strongly about our husbands that sometimes it's hard for us, isn't it?" Ono said. "It's hard, you know," Harrison said. "I mean their presence is very powerful and very strong. But the incredible thing about them is that they -- everything they left the world and left us is uplifting and joyful." The Beatles' music received a bit of a facelift for the show and has been remixed in 5.1 surround sound. (An album, "Love," came out last year.) "Paul and I went to listen to the music in 5.1 and we go 'Whoa, listen to that,' " Starr said. "You know you can hear everything now. Things that we buried a lot. It's all very clear, so it's really great to hear it." "Most historic stuff goes down with age, you know?" McCartney added. "Winston Churchill's old papers go brown and crinkly, while our music gets brighter and shinier." "Next year, it will be 10.1," Starr joked. McCartney's latest solo album, "Memory's Almost Full," is No. 3  on the album charts and Starr is scheduled to release a greatest hits album in August. E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- A Texas judge sentenced a Mexican drug gang leader to life in prison Thursday after he pleaded guilty to murder and weapons charges related to the killing of a U.S. consulate employee and her husband, officials said.|||Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez, 34, also pleaded guilty to racketeering, drug trafficking and money laundering charges at his trial in El Paso, Texas, the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement. The authorities said Acosta, who is also known as "El Diego," admitted that he had directed or participated in more than 1,500 murders since 2008, when he became the leader of La Linea -- the enforcement arm of the Juarez cartel -- and a local boss for the cartel in the Mexican cities of Juarez and Chihuahua. Among the killings that occurred under his watch was the shooting on March 13, 2010, of U.S. consulate employee Lesley Enriquez , who was gunned down with her husband, Arthur Redelfs, in Ciudad Juarez as they left a birthday party in their white SUV. Jorge Salcido Ceniceros, the husband of another consulate employee, was killed in a separate vehicle. "We are determined to hold accountable those individuals who committed the consulate murders, and to dismantle the dangerous criminal enterprise that fueled these and many other tragic and senseless acts of violence," Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer said in the Justice Department statement Thursday, accusing Acosta of directing a "reign of terror." The Mexican authorities had listed him among their most wanted criminals and offered a 15 million peso reward for information leading to his arrest. They announced his capture last July. He was extradited to the United States from Mexico last month, the Justice Department said. Officials said Thursday that law enforcement agents in Mexico and the United States played a key role in the investigation. "Gangs and other criminal organizations that threaten public safety on both sides of the border are on notice that we are working more closely than ever with our Mexican counterparts to shut them down," Breuer said. The Mexican authorities have arrested several other people who they accuse of being connected to the consulate killings. Acosta pleaded guilty Thursday to four counts of racketeering, narcotics trafficking and money laundering. He also pleaded guilty to seven counts of murder and weapons charges "specifically related" to the consulate killings, the Justice Department said. Olga Bashbush, spokeswoman for the U.S. consulate in Ciudad Juarez, declined to comment on Acosta's guilty plea. CNN's Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. This video contains vivid images depicting extremely graphic violence.|||Brooklyn, New York (VBS.TV) -- We thought that since you were feeling absolutely dejected watching BP's underwater gusher spoiling the ecology and economy of the Gulf of Mexico, well, we would try to cheer you up by reminding you how the otherwise environmentally conscious Canadians are degrading their own natural splendor and national soul with oil spillage and seepage on purpose. Bitumen -- A.K.A. tar sand -- is barely oil. It's oil-soaked dirt, but in a world that is constantly scraping the bottom of the fossil fuel barrel, tar sand is oil enough to warrant a mad frenzy to extract. And that's exactly what is happening in the Canadian northwest. Northern Alberta is rich -- very rich -- in bitumen. Fort McMurray is the small town at the epicenter of a boom in tar sand extraction, and it's a messy, ecologically unsound adventure. Traditionally, the only way to get oil from the dirt has been to cook it. So, every day, massive excavators rip apart the Boreal forest (also known as the lungs of Canada) to get at the soggy oil sand below, and then millions of gallons of pristine Athabascan water are intentionally spoiled in order to boil the oil out of the dirt (or is it the dirt out of the oil?). It's a very messy, destructive process, which has contaminated rivers and lakes for miles in every direction. See the rest of "Toxic: Alberta" at VBS.TV. There is a newer method of extraction, called SAGD, in which steam is injected deep underground, cooking the oil out of the dirt and then siphoning the oil out of the boiling mess. We spent two weeks in and around Fort McMurray, A.K.A. Fort McMoney, documenting what the recent boom has done to the fragile ecology and the local economy. It's a classic boom town, with classic boom town problems: expensive housing, high food prices, overcrowding, traffic and congestion, and charming little additions like alcoholism, cocaine and meth addiction, and prostitution. What we learned is that we desperately need a clean energy policy. The Alberta tar sands must be the dirtiest "last chapter" of our century-long fascination with oil. We shouldn't want to live in a world which tolerates boiling dirt for every last drop of tar.
Honolulu (CNN) -- President Barack Obama has now done what every president since Franklin D. Roosevelt has done -- visited the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii.|||Accompanied by his wife, Obama Thursday marked this year's 70th anniversary of the 1941 Pearl Harbor attacks by laying a wreath inside the memorial and scattering white, yellow and purple flower petals in the water above the wrecked ship. Sporting a dark suit -- attire Obama frequently wears in Washington but something that has not been seen on his current vacation -- the president observed a moment of silence while in the shrine room of the memorial. The president made no remarks while at the memorial, however, he marked the anniversary earlier in the month by releasing a statement that said, "we salute the veterans and survivors of Pearl Harbor who inspire us still. Despite overwhelming odds, they fought back heroically, inspiring our nation and putting us on the path to victory." Adm. Robert Willard, Navy commander of the U.S. Pacific Command, along with Donna Willard, the admiral's wife, also accompanied the first family at the memorial. Dedicated in 1962, the memorial sits above the sunken USS Arizona and commemorates the over 2,300 lives lost when Japan launched a surprise attack on the Navy base. That attack propelled U.S. military involvement in World War II and triggered the county's involvement in what came to be known as the Pacific theater. The stop was part of the Obama's larger Christmas vacation in Hawaii. Born in the Aloha state, the president has made Hawaii a regular vacation destination for his family while in office. This was not the president's first visit to the memorial; as president-elect Obama visited the memorial in late 2008.
(CNN) -- In the early days of the Web, the mantra "information wants to be free" made the rounds. In music circles now, "music wants to be shared" seems to be the idea.|||The big record labels now allow fans to play their songs free on social networking sites. The big record labels, once more prone to awkward lawsuits against individual file swappers, now allow fans to play their songs free on social networking sites like Last.fm that use music as the social glue. And music sharing seems ever more entwined in everyday life, sometimes in subtle ways. Increasingly for instance it's easy to "tweet" to others what you're listening to. (A tweet is a post on Twitter, the micro-blogging site where you can broadcast to followers what you're doing, in 140 characters or less.) For instance Skype users can opt to display, next to their names, whatever song they're playing on iTunes. A new site called Blip.fm specializes in this, except it calls the tweets about what you're listening to "blips." Just as Twitter asks, "What are you doing now?" Blip.fm asks: "What are you listening to now?" Then it lets anyone else hear it. In effect, you get your own DJ space. Along with the song, you can add a comment about it. Many users now have hundreds of listeners on their Blip.fm page. A new service called TinySong.com makes it quick and easy to share music. Just type a song's name into its search box and it creates tiny URLs linking to various sites where that song can be played right now, for free. Creating a link and emailing it to friends takes seconds. Postcard.fm makes it an easy three-step process to create an email-able postcard combining pictures and songs from your computer. Music sharing is growing not just online, but in the physical space as well. Some bars and clubs now have "customer DJ" nights, where a customer can dock their iPods into the sound system and play tunes for everyone else. Copyright lawyers could clamp down on this sort of thing, says Mike McGuire, an analyst with research firm Gartner. Technically, at least. Businesses that play music to a crowd are supposed to pay a performance royalty to ASCAP, BMI or one of the other performance-rights organizations. But they're not likely to, says McGuire: "Nobody will bother about that unless and until the clubs engaging in this become really popular." A startup called Jook has an interesting approach to bringing music-sharing to the real world. Earphone manufacturers can incorporate Jook technology. With Jook-enabled earphones, you can broadcast what you're playing (Us mode), and then others sitting nearby can listen in (U mode). You'll know that they're listening to your songs by the green indicator light on their earphone cable's Jook circle, and they'll know that you're broadcasting by the red light on yours. Jook is platform-independent, so it works even if you have an iPod from Apple and your listener has a Zune  from Microsoft. "Jook did something amazing by just saying, 'let's put this social media connection on the lanyard, make it cheap and make it multiplatform,'" says Andrew Hawn, a strategist with consumer trends research firm Iconoculture. The way people discover music, he notes, has changed. It's no longer from a music nerd behind a counter, a la John Cusack in the movie "High Fidelity." Anyone now can be that music nerd -- and there are ever more ways to share the music.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Three suicide car bombs were used to target a joint U.S.-Afghan base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday in an attack that left at least three Afghan soldiers and two civilians dead, officials said.|||The attack began shortly before sunrise when insurgents -- wearing coalition uniforms -- attacked three different points at Forward Operating Base Fenty, near the Jalalabad Airfield, according to the NATO-led International Assistance Security Force's regional command in Nangarhar province. It's the latest in a series of attacks in recent years that have targeted the base, and it comes just months after NATO troops turned over security responsibilities for Nangarhar province to Afghan forces. There were conflicting reports over casualties. ISAF said the attack, which it described as "complex," left at least one Afghan soldier dead and several wounded. A provincial police spokesman put the toll at two civilians and three soldiers killed. At least 14 Afghan soldiers and four civilians were wounded in the blasts, said Havrat Hussain Mashriqwal, the police spokesman. There were no immediate reports of any U.S. casualties. The attack began shortly after 5 a.m. when insurgents detonated a car bomb near the front gate of the base, according to Mashriqwal. A second bomb-rigged car attempting to breach the base exploded after U.S. and Afghan troops opened fire, Mashriqwal said. A third car bomb was detonated outside the base's perimeter, according to the coalition. "Afghan National Army and International Security Assistance Force soldiers repelled the attack and prevented any insurgent fighters from entering the perimeter, causing numerous insurgent casualties in the process," the statement said. The insurgents -- three suicide bombers and six gunmen -- were killed in the blasts and the firefight that ensued, Mashriqwal said. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attack in a telephone call to CNN. Mujahid said there were two suicide car bombs and a suicide bomber with an explosive belt used in the attack, which he claimed killed at least 20 people. The Taliban routinely make telephone calls or send out e-mails claiming responsibility for attacks against coalition and Afghan troops. The province borders Pakistan's volatile Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, home to a number of insurgent groups, including members of the Haqqani Network. Insurgents have been active in Nangarhar, which is home to the Tora Bora region -- where al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden escaped after a 2001 battle with coalition forces. Sunday's attack at FOB Fenty is the latest in a series to target the base and neighboring Jalalabad Airfield. In February, nine people were killed and 12 wounded in a suicide bombing at the front gate of the base near the airfield. Two months later, four suicide bombers wearing women's burqas tried to launch an attack there, airfield commander Jahangir Azimi said at the time. In June 2010, Taliban insurgents hit the front gate with a car bomb, rocket-propelled grenades and small arms fire. Previously on CNN.com: Suicide bombing kills 3 near U.S. embassy in Afghan capital. Previously on CNN.com: Roadside mine kills 17 civilians in western Afghanistan. Read more: Report details military approach to 'insider attacks' amid success. CNN's Barbara Starr and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report.
CABANATUAN CITY, Philippines (CNN) -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday, killing three people, according to local media.|||A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday. Parma made landfall Saturday afternoon in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon, the largest of the Philippine islands. Tens of thousands of people to fled their homes for safer shelter. Winds whipped the coastline and felled power lines in northernmost Cagayan Province. Debris littered the roads, making evacuations even more difficult. At 5 a.m. Sunday (5 p.m. Saturday ET), Parma, known locally as Typhoon Pepeng, had maximum sustained winds of 120 kilometers per hour (75 mph) with gusts as high as 148 kilometers (92 mph) as the eye began to leave land, heading to the northeast, according to the U.S. Navy's Joint Typhoon Warning Center. Parma avoided a direct hit on heavily populated Manila, but the real menace in the Philippines capital was not wind. It was water, and there was no escape from it. Parma was expected to dump as much as 8 to 20 inches of rain in areas still water-logged from last week's Typhoon Ketsana. That storm resulted in the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and at one point, 80 percent of Manila was submerged. Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro appealed to Filipinos to remain in shelters even if they were in cities and towns not directly in Parma's path. He said he was worried about massive flooding and possible mudslides in mountainous regions. The government deployed 10,000 troops to help with rescue and relief operations as frightened Filipinos prepared for the worst. World Vision, the Christian humanitarian organization, was planning to launch relief operations Saturday evening in Isabela Province, one of the areas slammed by Parma. The group also plans assistance for nearby Cagayan province, whose capital, Tuguegarao, is being hit hard by Parma's strong winds. Arturo Fidelino, a telecommunications executive in Manila, described panicked people rushing to stock up on essential goods -- drinking water, canned food and electrical supplies. "We had a traumatic experience when we had Ketsana," he said. "We don't want that to happen again." President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo placed the country "under the state of calamity." Macapagal-Arroyo said disaster-relief crews in vulnerable areas must be equipped with life-saving kits, boats, portable generators and trucks. Ketsana, which swallowed whole houses and buses over the weekend, killed 246 in the Philippines. It later strengthened into a typhoon. An additional 38 are missing, the National Disaster Coordinating Council said. The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000. CNN's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City, and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Wales coach Warren Gatland considered faking an injury to one of his players during Saturday's 9-8 Rugby World Cup semifinal defeat to France, the New Zealand-born coach revealed at a press conference Tuesday.|||Wales had already lost prop Adam Jones to injury before being reduced to 14 men when captain Sam Warburton was issued a red card after 18 minutes, following a dangerous tackle on France wing Vincent Clerc. Gatland, 48, admitted the Wales coaching staff discussed feigning an injury to one of their props in the wake of Warburton's dismissal, a move which would have meant scrums were uncontested for the remainder of the contest. "We had already lost Adam Jones," said former All Blacks hooker Gatland. "And we discussed in the box, did we fake an injury to one of our props to go to uncontested scrums. France beat 14-man Wales to reach World Cup final. "But morally, I made the decision that wasn't the right thing to do. We could've easily done that in the first 25, 30 minutes of the game. "But in the spirit of the game, the spirit of a World Cup semifinal, I didn't think that was the fairest or the right thing to do." Gatland also disputed the decision to issue Warburton, 23, with a red card, only the second of the tournament so far, in such a crucial match. "I honestly believe Alain Rolland (the Irish match referee) made the wrong decision. I think the right decision was a yellow card. "In terms of the rules and the regulations, he's perfectly entitled to give a red card but every game is different. You've got to take circumstances, the situation, the intent ... given his experience, a yellow card was the right decision to make." Rugby union's governing. All Blacks down Wallabies in last-four clash. Despite Wales' defeat, Gatland reaffirmed his commitment to the country after reports in the British press suggested he could replace 2003 World Cup winner Martin Johnson as England coach. "I'll be honest, at some stage in your rugby career, as I'm a Kiwi, I'd like to come home and do a bit of coaching in New Zealand," Gatland, who is contracted to Wales until the end of 2015, told the tournament's official website. "But not at the moment and I have made that commitment to Wales. We feel like we've shown a lot of character, we feel like we've played some great rugby since we've been here. "We'll leave here with our heads held high having earned a lot of respect." Wales face two-time world champions Australia in the bronze medal match on Friday, after the Wallabies were beaten 20-6 by hosts New Zealand in the second semifinal on Sunday. Warburton will miss the clash at Auckland's Eden Park, with prop Gethin Jenkins set to replace him as Wales captain. Jones also misses out due to the injury he picked up during Saturday's loss, with Paul James set to cover at prop. Lock Alun-Wyn Jones makes way for Bradley Davies in the only other change.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- A fluffy white polar bear cub that has captured German hearts is making her first public appearance Tuesday at the Nuremberg City Zoo.|||Flocke was bottle-fed by zookeepers because they feared she would be eaten by her mother. Flocke, whose name means "snowflake" in German, was born at the zoo in December. She gained international attention in January after zookeepers said they had taken Flocke away from her mother because of concerns she would eat her. The zoo's other female polar bear had recently eaten her two offspring, and the zoo was worried that Flocke's mother would do the same. Zookeepers bottle-fed Flocke and kept her warm with blankets and heatlamps.  Watch video of baby polar bear. ». Sweet pictures of the young bear being cuddled by her keepers or sleeping with her tongue sticking out boosted Flocke's popularity, and she quickly eclipsed Knut, the polar bear at the Berlin Zoo. Knut was a sensation when he was born in December 2006, but at 16 months old, he's no longer considered as cute as his Nuremberg counterpart. Flocke has grown into a bouncy young cub who is learning how to use her large paws. The zoo's latest pictures of Flocke, from early last week, show her frolicking in her enclosure and paddling in a pool of shallow water. The first chance to see Flocke up close was Tuesday, when the zoo held a media event with about 50 members of the public. Starting Wednesday, people visiting the zoo will be able to see Flocke in her enclosure from 9 to 11 a.m. and 1 to 4 p.m. daily -- "if Flocke plays along" and decides to step outside, the zoo said. E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- A brown bear and her cub mauled a group of teenage boys deep in the Alaskan wilderness, forcing rescuers to scramble early Sunday to help the injured.|||Two of the teens, participating in a survival skills course, suffered life-threatening injuries, Alaska State Troopers said in a press release, and two had injuries that were labeled "serious, but non-life-threatening." Megan Peters, a spokeswoman for the state police, said those four are in critical condition, while three others had minor injuries or exposure-related issues. The National Outdoor Leadership School -- whose program the boys were participating in -- claimed in a statement that four people were hurt in the attack. The mauling occurred around 8:30 p.m. Saturday as the teenagers were crossing a creek in a remote area about 45 miles northeast of Talkeetna. There were no instructors with the group, which was on the 24th of a 30-day backpacking course to learn about teamwork and wilderness-related skills, according to the Wyoming-based program. The teens told state troopers that they were crossing the river in a line when the bears attacked. Those in front got the worst of the assault. "They were mauled, very severely," said Peters. "It was truly an emergency situation." Between ages 16 to 18 and from all around the country, the boys said that they followed protocol in calling out to warn the bears and carrying bear spray, according to the wilderness program. Afterward, the group set up a camp, provided first aid and activated a personal locator beacon, which is used to alert authorities about one's whereabouts in an emergency. A helicopter was then dispatched, tracking the beacon's signal and finding the teens in a tent around 2:45 a.m. Sunday, said state troopers. The rescuers then determined that two of the victims were too hurt to be safely transported by the helicopter for medical aid. A state trooper stayed on the scene, helping tend to those two as well as a third boy who was in the best condition, while the others were flown out for treatment at Mat-Su Regional Hospital in Palmer. Four hours later, around 6:45 a.m., a better-equipped aircraft arrived to fly out the most seriously injured to Providence Alaska Medical Center in Anchorage, about 150 miles to the south. A state trooper on Sunday flew around the area, trying to locate the animals responsible for the attack. Peters said Sunday night that "we have not laid eyes on the bear and the cub." Seven other National Outdoor Leadership School students, as well as three instructors, had been in the Alaska wilderness at the time of the attack and were unaware of the mauling, the state police said. The outdoor leadership school said these 10 people have since been located and "are in the process of being evacuated by helicopter." In mid-July, wildlife officials in Colorado said they killed a black bear who they believed had wandered into a heavily populated campsite and attacked a teenage boy. The teen fought off the bear, then chased it away after being bit in the leg. A man was killed weeks earlier in a grizzly bear attack in Wyoming's Yellowstone Park. But park officials said the man, who was hiking with his wife, surprised the female grizzly while she was with her cubs. They determined that the bear was acting defensively and decided not to put the bear down.
(CNN) -- David Villa came to Spain's rescue again to put the European champions into the World Cup semifinals for the first time with a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Paraguay in Johannesburg on Saturday night as both teams missed a penalty.|||The striker, who scored the only goal in the second-round victory over Portugal, netted the winner with eight minutes to play to become the leading scorer at the South African tournament with five. Spain will now play Germany in Durban on Wednesday for a place in final after the 2006 hosts thrashed Argentina 4-0 earlier on Saturday. It will be a rematch of the Euro 2008 final, which Spain won 1-0. "We didn't play well mainly because we didn't get enough of the ball," Spain coach Vicente Del Bosque told reporters. "We are now among the four best teams in the world. Our next opponents are Germany, who are the best team at the moment." Paraguay, playing in the last eight for the first time, had a goal disallowed in the first half and should have taken the lead in the 59th minute but Oscar Cardozo's penalty was saved by Spain captain Iker Casillas. Xabi Alonso then had the chance to put the Spaniards ahead soon after but was also denied from the spot after having to retake his successful first attempt. Paraguay, whose coach Gerardo Martino made six changes after the penalty shootout win over Japan in the previous round, easily contained Spain's renowned attacking prowess in a disappointing first half. "We had chances but didn't take them. But never mind. I congratulate my players for their progress at the World Cup," Martino told reporters. The South Americans felt aggrieved to have a 41st-minute strike by Nelson Valdez ruled out after Cardozo strayed into a marginally offside position, but wasted a glorious chance to go ahead after Spain defender Gerard Pique was booked for dragging on the arm of Cardozo. But the Benfica player, who scored the winner against Japan, saw his shot saved by Casillas -- and then at the other end Villa was hauled down when clear on goal by Antolin Alcaraz, who was lucky not to be sent off. Alonso coolly sent goalkeeper Justo Villar the wrong way, but the Paraguay captain was more successful the second time after Guatemalan referee Carlos Batres ruled that players had encroached into the penalty area before the initial kick was taken. Villar was lucky not to concede another penalty as he clattered into Cesc Fabregas while trying to gather the rebound, but was helpless when Spain finally made the breakthrough. Substitute Pedro fired a low shot onto the base of the woodwork, and Villa followed up with a strike that hit one post and bounced into the net off the other one. Paraguay substitutes Lucas Barrios and Roque Santa Cruz had late efforts blocked in quick succession by Casillas, while Villa was denied a second by Villar. It was another disappointing night for Villa's strike partner Fernando Torres, who was replaced by Fabregas with 20 minutes to play as he again looked well short of his usual high standards. Paraguay's defeat leaves neighbors Uruguay as South America's only representative in the last four, facing the Netherlands on Tuesday.
(CNN) -- For a man dubbed "The Big Easy," Ernie Els isn't putting his feet up anytime soon.|||One of the most successful golfers in the world, the 42-year-old boasts an incredible three major championship crowns and nearly 70 wins in a stellar career spanning 22 years. But far from basking in his golfing glory, the South African is throwing his weight -- and his millions -- behind an important cause close to his heart. The former world No. 1's son Ben was diagnosed with autism five years ago, and Els plans to open a world-leading research and education center -- "something the world's never seen before." "We have one child in our family with autism. I've seen families with three kids with autism and I want to tell you it must be one of the hardest things in the world because just to do your normal, everyday life stuff must be almost impossible," he told CNN. "He's nine years old and he's not speaking yet. He goes to a very good school in Florida. That's another thing that's lacking around the world, is education for autistic children. That's why we moved from England to go to Florida for proper treatment for him." Until recently, Els had remained private about his family life. Now he's using his status -- winning the U.S. Open in 1994 and 1997 and the British Open in 2002 -- to help fund the Els for Autism Foundation in Florida. Since 2009, he has been hosting golf tournaments to raise money for his dream center. It will be based in the U.S. but it is hoped its programs and research will help autistic children around the world. Els has so far raised around $25 million towards the project, but is still $5 million short of his target for construction. And the man who topped the European Tour's money list in 1993 and 1994, and is nicknamed for his six-foot-three-inch frame and seemingly effortless golf swing, hasn't limited his enterprises to autism research. Giving it back: Els' off-course passions. Els' golf foundation, now in its 13th year, was established to help under-privileged kids take up a sport unaffordable to most in his native South Africa. He also contributes to the economy of the Cape region where he grew up, investing in a wine and restaurant business plus an award-winning golf resort that he helped design. So while Els has spent most of his life carving a name for himself as one of the best golfers in the world, he says he now wants to be remembered for dedicating the rest of it to autism research.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court has blocked the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders who have served their federal sentences after the Obama administration claimed many of them remain "sexually dangerous."|||The Supreme Court has blocked the release of sex offenders  after claims they remain dangerous. Chief Justice John Roberts on Friday ordered that the men be kept in custody while the case works its way through a federal appeals court, which had ruled as many as 77 North Carolina inmates should be released, some as early as next week. At issue is whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. Such laws are known as "civil commitments." The Justice Department filed papers with the high court Friday, asking that any release be put on hold until the justices have more time to consider the larger legal issues raised in their appeal. Such an early release "would pose a significant risk to the public and constitute a significant harm to the interest of the United States," wrote Solicitor General Elena Kagan, who took office this month. The Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act passed by Congress in 2006 included a provision allowing indefinite confinement of sex offenders. A federal appeals court in Richmond, Virginia, ruled lawmakers had overstepped their authority, prompting the emergency appeal to the Supreme Court. The law was named after the son of "America's Most Wanted" host John Walsh. The boy was kidnapped and murdered by a suspected child molester in 1981. Four inmates brought suit against the law. They were serving sentences of up to eight years for sexual abuse of a minor or possessing child pornography. Their detention was to have ended two years ago, but corrections officials and prosecutors determined they remained a risk for further sexually deviant behavior if freed. The inmates argued such continued imprisonment violates their constitutional right of due process. The justices' actions means the men remain behind bars for now. The case is U.S. v. Comstock (08A863).
(CNN) -- Two former World Cup champions have already crashed out of contention for this year's trophy, and a third one will join them on Tuesday.|||Tiny Uruguay -- arguably the country that punches the farthest above its weight in global soccer -- is hoping it won't be them. But they need to beat Italy to get out of the group stage and into the knockout round. Italy has won the World Cup four times and been runner-up twice, but Uruguay has won it twice themselves. Ahead of the crunch match, here are some numbers that might surprise you:. Size of Uruguay's population: About 3.3 million people, making it the smallest country in the World Cup this year. That's not many more than Italy's capital, Rome. Number of times Uruguay refused to defend its World Cup title: One. Uruguay hosted, and won, the very first World Cup, back in 1930. Four years later, the South Americans refused to travel to Italy for the World Cup because the Italians didn't come to South America in 1930. Uruguay is the only champion that didn't defend its crown. Uruguay's record against Italy: They've won three, lost two and drawn four against Italy. Uruguay has scored 10 goals against Italy. Italy has scored nine against Uruguay. Star striker Luis Suarez is one of the most controversial players in the world today. He's been banned from matches for biting opponents -- twice! -- and for racially abusing them. Number of games Suarez has been banned from for biting: 17. (Seven in 2010 when he was Ajax, and 10 in 2013 at Liverpool.) Number of games Suarez was banned from for racial abuse: Eight. He was also fined 40,000 British pounds (currently $68,000) for the comments he made to Manchester United's Patrice Evra. And Suarez earned a red card in a 2010 World Cup match against Ghana for an intentional handball in a scrum at the goal line to keep the Africans from scoring what would have been a game-winning goal. Uruguay's match against Italy kicks off at noon ET. Costa Rica kicks off against England at the same time. England is out of the tournament no matter what happens Tuesday, while Costa Rica, the surprise powerhouse of World Cup 2014, is hoping to secure the top place in Group D. Here's a quick catch-up on which teams have already qualified for the knockout stage and which ones cannot:. Through:. Brazil. Mexico. Netherlands. Chile. Colombia. Costa Rica. Argentina. Belgium. Out:. Croatia. Spain. Australia. Cameroon. England. Honduras. Bosnia and Herzegovina. World Cup schedule of matches. CNN's Patrick Sung contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a car in July has been charged with criminally negligent homicide, according to police in Connecticut.|||Kyle Seitz, 36, turned himself in at Ridgefield police headquarters on Tuesday afternoon, according to a statement from Capt. Jeff Kreitz. After being processed, Seitz was released on a written promise to appear in Danbury Superior Court on Wednesday morning, Kreitz said. The death of Benjamin Seitz was ruled a homicide in August. On July 7, Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care, but the dropoff never occurred, his wife, Lindsey Rogers-Seitz told CNN in July. Seitz drove to work and at the end of the day he went to pick Benjamin up at day care, only to realize he was not there, authorities said. When Seitz realized his son was in the car, he rushed the child to the hospital, but Benjamin had died. The cause of the boy's death was hyperthermia due to environmental exposure, according to the state medical examiner. Neither Seitz nor his attorney immediately responded immediately to CNN's requests for comment Tuesday. Grieving mother's mission to stop hot car deaths. The Connecticut death came a month after a similar incident in suburban Atlanta garnered national headlines. In the latter instance, a grand jury ended up indicting Justin Ross Harris on eight counts, including malice murder and two counts of felony murder, over the death of his 22-month-old son, Cooper. Through his attorneys, Harris has claimed that he forgot to drop off the boy at daycare and mistakenly left him in his 2011 Hyundai Tucson on a day when the temperature topped 92 degrees. At least 44 children died in 2013 from heatstroke caused by being left in cars in the United States, according to the national nonprofit organization KidsAndCars.org. At least 30 children have died this year for the same reason. Over the past decade, the group figures, there have been at least 388 children who have died of vehicular heatstroke.
(CNN) -- Two of Europe's smaller clubs got lucky on Friday following match-fixing sanctions imposed on Turkish teams.|||APOEL Nicosia and Tromso were the beneficiaries of match-fixing bans handed out to Fenerbahce and Besiktas relating to games in Turkish football. Fenerbahce had an appeal against a two-year ban from European competition rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) on Wednesday. Cypriot champions APOEL were beaten in this week's Europa League playoff matches by Belgium's Zulte Waregem, but emerged as the "lucky loser" plucked from a draw conducted by UEFA in Monaco on Friday.. It means APOEL will compete in the group stages of Europe's second-tier club competition against France's Bordeaux, Eintracht Frankfurt of Germany and Israeli club Maccabi Tel Aviv in Group F. APOEL are best known for a run to the Champions League quarterfinals in 2012, where they were beaten over two legs by Real Madrid. Besiktas, another Turkish club banned from European competition for match-fixing, also saw their appeal over a one-year sanction rejected by the CAS on Friday. The Istanbul team beat Tromso in the Europa League playoffs, but the Norwegian club will now take Besiktas' place in the group stages. Blog: Can Qatar's World Cup be moved? Tromso were drawn in Group K alongside English Premier League team Tottenham Hotspur, Russia's Anzhi Makhachkala and Sherrif Tiraspol of Moldova. Elsewhere, Valencia, Champions League finalists in 2000 and 2001 and winners of this competition in 2004, have been drawn against English League Cup winners Swansea City, Kuban of Russia and Swiss team St Gallen in Group A. Valencia's fellow Spaniards Sevilla, winners of the Europa League in 2006 and 2007, are in Group H along with Freiburg of Germany, Portugal's Estoril and Czech side Liberec. Chelsea won the competition last year, beating Benfica in the final. Jose Mourinho's team play Champions League winners Bayern Munich in the European Super Cup in Prague on Friday.
(CNN) -- A series of U.S. diplomatic cables from early this year directly accused Syria of supplying advanced weaponry, including SCUD ballistic missiles, to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon.|||U.S. protests to Damascus met with persistent denials, according to the cables, which were published by the WikiLeaks website. At a meeting in February, according to one cable, a senior U.S. diplomat stressed Washington's concerns directly with Syrian President Bashar Asad, "who bluntly stated that he knew of no new weapons systems going to Hezbollah." But just a week later, an urgent note from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the U.S. Embassy in Damascus said the United States had learned of Syrian plans to supply Hezbollah with SCUD-D ballistic missiles, which would magnify its threat to Israel. Clinton wrote: "I must stress that this activity is of deep concern to my government, and we strongly caution you (Syria) against such a serious escalation." To reinforce the point, the cable continues: "Your interest in avoiding war should require you to exert maximum restraint, including restraining Hezbollah and preventing the group's acquisition of such lethal, long-range weapons." Within 24 hours, the senior U.S. diplomat in Damascus met with the vice foreign minister, Faisal al-Miqdad, to convey Clinton's message. The cables described him as "clearly surprised" by the allegations. "Flatly denying any Syrian role in the supply of weapons to Hezbollah, Miqdad contended Damascus supported Lebanese independence," a cable says, quoting Miqdad as saying: "You may hear about weapons going to Hezbollah, but they are absolutely not coming through Syria." Miqdad then went on the offensive, according to the cable, asking: "The most sophisticated weapons are coming to Israel, to be used against whom?" But the U.S. diplomat in Damascus commented: "Even a seasoned diplomat like Miqdad could not restrain a raised eyebrow at our mention of the transfer of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah." The following day another cable from the secretary of state's office asked U.S. diplomats to rally support from allies for Washington's position. It said: "We want France, Britain, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Qatar to make a renewed push to echo our concerns with Syria." Allies should be told that Washington believed "Syria has provided or will provide guided short-range ballistic missiles to Hezbollah that could target two-thirds of Israel, including Tel Aviv, from launch sites north of the Litani." The Litani is a river in southern Lebanon. "Our information also indicates that Syria has made advanced surface-to-air missile systems available to Hezbollah and has probably provided training on these systems to Hezbollah personnel," the cable continued. In April this year, Israeli officials alleged that the transfer of SCUD-D missiles had gone ahead. At the time, State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said: "If such an action has been taken, and we continue to analyze this issue, clearly it potentially puts Lebanon at significant risk." So why would Syria provide Hezbollah with weapons that could destabilize an already volatile region? Another cable tries to answer that question. "Syrian leaders appear convinced that arming Hezbollah will increase Syria's leverage in bringing Israel to the negotiating table," it says. But the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus suggests in a cable that is misguided. "Syria's actions have created a situation in which miscalculation or provocative behavior by Hizballah could prove disastrous for Syria and the broader region," he writes. The U.S. assessment is that Hezbollah is far better-armed than it was in 2006, when it fought a one-month cross-border war against Israel. Referring to its missile and rocket armories, a cable from November 2009 says: "This capability, if fully used, would represent a quantum leap over the damage and psychological terror Hezbollah rockets caused in northern Israel during the 2006 war." Regional analysts believe that Hezbollah has some 40,000 rockets as well as up to a dozen SCUD-Ds from Syria.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday she is "praying" that President Bush has a change of heart and does not veto a bipartisan children's health insurance bill that he has labeled an unwarranted expansion of government-run health insurance.|||House Speaker Nancy Pelosi applauds after signing the State Children's Health Insurance legislation Friday. "The tide is going a different way than a presidential veto would reflect," Pelosi, a California Democrat, said. "It was with great friendship that I reached out to the president this morning to say that I was still praying that he would have a change of heart and sign this legislation." "I think I have to pray a little harder, but I will not give up," Pelosi said. Pelosi's comments came a day after the Senate voted 67-29 for the measure, which would expand the State Children's Health Insurance program by up to 4 million children. White House spokeswoman Dana Perino on Friday said Bush still intends to veto the bill when it arrives at his desk. Perino also said the disagreement between Congress and the White House was a simple policy difference, not "about who cares about children more than the other." "The president is saying, 'Let's take care of the neediest children first, let's not put scarce federal dollars toward a program that was meant for the poorest children and let it creep up to middle-income families with incomes up to $83,000 a year,' " Perino said. Bush and many Republicans contend that the program's original intent -- to give parents who make too much to qualify for Medicaid but not enough to buy private insurance coverage for their children -- would be changed under the current bill, prompting parents to wind up dropping private coverage their children already have to get cheaper coverage under the bill. Perino also objected that the rhetoric surrounding the SCHIP bill has become too heated. "I think it is preposterous for people to suggest the president of the United States doesn't care about children, that he wants children to suffer," Perino said. The bill enjoys bipartisan support. Eighteen Republican senators Thursday night joined all the Democrats in voting for expanding the popular program from its current annual budget of $5 billion to $12 billion for the next five years. Four senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Sam Brownback of Kansas and Democrats Joseph Biden of Delaware and Barack Obama of Illinois -- did not vote. With the current program scheduled to expire Saturday, the White House encouraged Congress to send the president a continuing resolution extending the program. "We should take this time to arrive at a more rational, bipartisan SCHIP reauthorization bill that focuses on children in poor families who don't currently have insurance, rather than raising taxes to cover people who already have private insurance," Perino added. Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah was among those Republicans who split from the president. "It's very difficult for me to be against a man I care so much for," he told his colleagues on the Senate floor prior to the vote. "It's unfortunate that the president has chosen to be on what, to me, is clearly the wrong side of this issue." Though 67 votes in the 100-person chamber would suffice to overturn a veto, the House version, which was approved Tuesday, fell short of the two-thirds majority needed to override a veto. E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- Call it a political "fumble."|||Republican Sen. Pat Roberts, who's fighting for his political survival against independent candidate Greg Orman, got a highly coveted endorsement last week from Kansas State football coach Bill Snyder, who appeared in a 30-second ad for Roberts. But days later Snyder apologized for appearing in the ad. "I made a mistake," he said at a press conference Saturday after Kansas State's football game against Oklahoma State. "I'm not going to delve into exactly how everything happened, but I made a mistake and I embarrassed the university and that's my responsibility and that was my error." Polls give GOP momentum going into midterms. "I'm not going to speak to it anymore right now, but that's my fault and nobody else's," he added. Asked if he wanted the ad taken down, he said "yes." Snyder didn't explain how he got involved with the ad. "He is as good as it gets for the state of Kansas," Snyder said in the spot. Video for the ad was shot on Kansas State's campus, according to the Topeka Capital-Journal. The Capital-Journal also reported that Kansas State President Kirk Schulz said Roberts' campaign refused to grant the university's request to have the ad taken down. Senate control hinges on turnout. CNN's Steve Brusk and Jill Martin contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The King is dead -- or so they say, even though his original crypt is empty.|||And one person could soon own the place that served as Elvis Presley's first, but not final, resting place, by being the highest bidder. Starting the middle of next month, Julien's Auctions of Beverly Hills, California, will conduct the sale of the crypt, which is part of a large granite and marble mausoleum at Forest Hill Cemetery in Memphis, Tennessee. This is no fleeting prize: The winner or their loved one can be interred for all of eternity exactly where Presley and his mother were for about two months. Unless conspiracy theorists are to be believed -- in which case a 77-year-old Presley may be still snacking on peanut butter, banana and bacon sandwiches on some secluded isle -- the late legendary singer is currently buried in the meditation garden at Graceland, his Memphis estate. Presley purchased that home and its 14 acres in 1957, a few years after his career had taken off. In his career, he sold more than a billion records, starred in 33 films, captured 14 Grammy nominations and earned the moniker "The King of Rock 'n' Roll," not to mention the adoration of hundreds of thousands of rabid fans, according to his official biography. It was in a bathroom of his Graceland mansion that Presley was found dead August 16, 1977, due to what authorities said was an irregular heartbeat. But after 200 friends and relatives attended his funeral there two days later, he had to leave -- his body was moved about five miles south to Forest Hill Cemetery. His father, Vernon, wanted to bury Elvis at Graceland, but needed time for the state of Tennessee to grant permission to bury a person on private grounds, according to the Julien's Auctions website. Until then, the late singer was put in the crypt at the Memphis cemetery, soon joined by his mother -- Vernon's widow, Gladys Presley -- who also was disinterred and put in the same mausoleum vault. The bodies of both son and mother were moved within two months to Graceland, where visitors pay their respects to them to this day. As to Elvis's original crypt, it has remained empty since the King left the mausoleum, marked by a statue commemorating his weeks there. The lot up for auction includes Presley's original crypt, the chance to open and close the vault and crypt for burial, an inscription and the use of a small, abutting chapel for a committal service, Julien's Auctions notes. Those wishing to purchase this eternal piece of music history can't come empty-handed: Bids start at $100,000.
(CNN) -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's attempt to spread the festive cheer turned into a turkey after social media users mocked his new Christmas card.|||Blair issued his annual Christmas card on Monday. It features a photo of him, with a forced grimace on his face, standing next to his wife Cherie alongside the caption "Season's Greetings." The unnatural-looking smile quickly became the source of online derision, with Twitter users quick to compare the image to a range of gurning icons, from Count Orlock from "Nosferatu" and "Friends'" Chandler Bing. @carlmaxim noted that "the strange thing about Tony Blair's Christmas card is how the teeth seem to follow you round the room." Other users decided to do their own version of the card. Some took the opportunity for some -- admittedly outdated -- political satire. User @GeneralBoles superimposed Blair's successor Gordon Brown's face onto Blair's and tweeted "Come on Tony, it's my turn," a reference to Brown waiting for Blair to step down as prime minister and repeatedly telling him, "It's my turn now." Others took the culture route, with @Rowland72James superimposing the couple's faces onto Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette, while @garboy photoshopped their faces onto the notoriously unsmiling Grant Wood painting "American Gothic." When asked about the card, a spokesperson for Blair's office told CNN: "We do not 'officially' release the card, cards are sent to their friends and colleagues, which doesn't seem to me to be that unusual a process let alone one which merits such interest."
More than two decades after the death of the systematic racial discrimination policy of apartheid, a community living southeast of South Africa's capital Pretoria is being accused of trying to keep its racist ideals alive.|||White men clad in military uniforms stamped with an old South African flag guard the gates of the controversial settlement known as Kleinfontein. All the signs within its boundaries are written in Afrikaans, the language that developed out of the Dutch dialect spoken by early colonizers and which is spoken by the town's 1,000 white inhabitants. A bust of Hendrick Verwoerd, the assassinated prime minister considered the architect of apartheid, greets visitors upon entry. "Kleinfontein is a cultural community," explains its spokeswoman Marisa Haasbroek, "if you are not an Afrikaaner you cannot live here." Afrikaaners are white South Africans of mostly Dutch descent. The private settlement has made headlines in recent weeks after it was exposed by a local newspaper. Haasbroek defends its existence saying residents simply want to live among their own kind. The 50-year-old mother of two tells CNN she moved to Kleinfontein six years ago shortly after her car was stolen in the city center. "I was just sick of crime," she says. "My parents-in-law were already living here and they told us Kleinfontein is safe," Haasbroek, her engineer husband and their children packed their belongings and moved to the "whites only" enclave. The area has been in existence since the 1990s. It was formed on the eve of democratic elections at around the same time as its better-known sister settlement, Orania, in the Northern Cape. Most South Africans knew Orania but have only recently learned about Kleinfontein. Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people. There were even reports that the community has once refused to be assisted by black police officers. Read more: How S Africa avoided bloody war. "That's simply not true," Haasbroek says. "We do not discriminate, we differentiate." South Africa's official opposition recently held a protest at Kleinfontein vowing to "liberate" residents from their "apartheid mindsets." The mayor of Tshwane -- the municipality Kleinfontein falls under -- has also conducted a site visit, saying he supported the residents' right to "conserve their heritage but that it must be balanced with the freedom of others to reside anywhere in the republic." Despite differing opinions on the matter their right to self-determination is protected by the constitution and the government has said they have the right to live this way. Race is still an emotional topic in South Africa and Haasbroek has been at pains to explain that residents are screened based on culture, language, religion, history - but not race. Read more: The cricketer who took on apartheid regime. "We are trying to preserve our own identity," Haasbroek says. "We are swamped by people who are not like us. We are a minority like the people of Tibet in China and like the Palestinians. But we don't want our own state. We respect the laws of South African and we want to remain here." Orania and Kleinfontein represent about 2,000 people, a tiny minority of the overall Afrikaaner community in South Africa. Haasbroek says crime and affirmative action have left them feeling left out of the so-called "Rainbow Nation." "We don't really feel welcomed in the new South Africa so we are saying, just give us a little bit of independence." They already run their own school and they build their own infrastructure. They want to be recognized as a self-contained municipality -- something the local government has said will not happen.
YUZHNO-SAKHALINSK, Russia (Reuters) -- A brown bear killed a tourist camping on an island off Russia's Far East coast on Thursday and was then shot by fellow campers, local police said.|||Bears have come into increasing conflict with humans in remote regions of Russia as their natural habitat has faced growing encroachment from both development and tourism. The man sustained "fatal injuries as a result of the attack" on the Bolshoi Shantar island off the Pacific Ocean island of Sakhalin, said a police spokeswoman. Local radio station Vostok Rossii said fellow campers were woken by loud growls and saw the bear kill the 36-year-old man. Other campers later shot the bear. A police team will fly to the island to investigate the incident. Two tourists were injured in similar bear attacks on the Bolshoi Shantar island this year. Both survived.  E-mail to a friend. Copyright 2007 Reuters. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Tom Hanks has revealed that he has been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes.|||During an appearance Monday night on "Late Show With David Letterman" to promote his new film "Captain Phillips," the actor said his physician told him he had moved from a prediabetic state to having the disease. "I went to the doctor and he said, 'You know those high blood sugar numbers you've been dealing with since you were 36? Well, you've graduated,' " Hanks told Letterman. " 'You've got Type 2 diabetes, young man.' " With diabetes, a person's blood sugar is not well-regulated, and the body either does not produce enough insulin to function properly or  the cells in the body do not react to the insulin present. Fast Facts: Diabetes. Hanks is one of several celebrities, including Paula Deen and Sherri Sheppard, who have gone public with having diabetes. Weight is often a factor in the disease, and while Hanks appeared fit on "Letterman," his weight has fluctuated over the years for various roles. In 1992 he reportedly gained 30 pounds to play coach Jimmy Dugan in "A League of Their Own." He told Entertainment Weekly in 2000 that he lost more than 50 pounds for his role in the film "Cast Away." The "Forrest Gump" star said his condition is manageable through diet, and Letterman said that he too has high blood sugar. Hanks joked that he can't follow his doctor's advice to return to his high school weight to help control his diabetes. "And I said to (the doctor), 'Well I'm gonna have Type 2 diabetes,' " Hanks joked. "Because there is no way I was gonna weigh what I weighed in high school. ... I weighed 96 pounds in high school." Controversy surrounds 'Captain Phillips'
(CNN)The videos taken by citizens of Paris during Wednesday's attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo indicate significant training on the part of terrorists. Here are some things any military professional would observe:.|||• The uniform: All the attackers are uniform in appearance. All have vests capable of holding multiple magazines of ammunition for their weapons, and perhaps grenades.  Additionally, they are all wearing what appear to be heavy coats. That could indicate either body armor or possibly suicide vests underneath to be detonated if captured.  Some experts are suggesting "they came to kill, not to die," but those of us with experience in these kinds of encounters might suggest they came to kill until they are trapped -- then they will willingly die if they can kill more by detonating a suicide vest as a last resort. • Use of weapons: The terrorists were wielding AK-47s, according to police spokesman Xavier Castaing, but at least one of them also appeared to have a military 3-point sling attached to the weapon (the white strap going over the shoulder).  These slings are used in close-in attacks.  The driver does not appear to have this strap, which allows for freedom in the car. The attackers appear to be good marksmen, as evidenced by the tight shot of a group of bullets that riddled the windshield of a French police car, shown in several photographs at the scene. Additionally, the attackers have their weapons on semi-automatic (single shot) versus full automatic. Many terrorists use what U.S. soldiers derisively call the "pray and spray" method.  That is, they point their weapons on full automatic, scream a religious slogan and let loose with a stream of bullets -- most of which don't hit the targets.  These terrorists appear well-trained, with aimed fire, single shots and controlled targeting. • Fire and maneuver: These terrorists appear to have been trained in movement techniques: They use cover (parked automobiles, or an open car door) and aim fire while their terrorist "buddy" maneuvers to a new firing location.  At that point, the moving terrorist aims and fires, while the previously covering terrorist moves to join him. • Reconnaissance: The attack occurred at noon in busy Paris, yet there was no traffic on the side streets where the citizens' filming took place. Additionally, initial reports indicate that an editors' meeting was occurring at that time, with all the subjects in one room. That indicates there was intelligence, route planning and then individual requirements for the members of the terrorist team. • Speed: They moved fast, knew where they are going, did their job, and then they were gone. Again, that's indicative of rehearsals but also single-mindedness of mission. • Selection of target: This was a follow-on attack. The offices of Charlie Hebdo had been previously firebombed, but that attack was not successful. Much like the initial World Trade Center bombing in 1993 that was followed by the 2001 attack, these terrorists were again going after the same target. Usually, terrorists film their attacks for future information operations and social media use.  They may have had terrorist videographers in specific locations for that purpose during this attack as well. Those videos may appear in the future, but until then French citizens posting YouTube videos contribute to the terrorists' information campaign. In the next few hours and days, other countries of Europe -- especially Germany and Italy -- will be interested in sharing information from this attack, as they face similar threats from Muslim extremists. France, the European Union and Interpol will share information, and given the ability of the terrorists to move freely through Europe, this passing of information will be critical. The passport-free Schengen Area allows for movement through 26 countries in Europe on the motorways and autobahns, so while initially this is an attack on France, these terrorists are a threat to all of Europe.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal will face longtime rival Roger Federer in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters on Saturday in a rematch of the event's past two title matches.|||Defending champion Nadal crushed fellow left-hander Michael Llodra 6-2 6-2 on Friday, needing just 75 minutes to clinch his 35th successive victory on clay against a French player appearing in his first top-level quarterfinal on the surface. Federer, who beat the Spaniard in the 2009 final, later overcame Robin Soderling -- who inflicted Nadal's last defeat on clay at that year's French Open. The world No. 3 triumphed 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 against the Swedish fifth seed in one hour 42 minutes. After successive titles in Monte Carlo and Barcelona, Nadal's progress has been simpler this week following a third-round walkover when rejuvenated former world No. 4 Juan Martin del Potro pulled out with a hip injury. "Today it was quite good, especially here with the altitude it's a little bit more complicated because it's more difficult to go over him," Nadal told the ATP Tour website after conceding only eight points on his serve and breaking Llodra four times. "It's a bit more difficult with the serve. I felt quite good on the court, I served well. In the second set there were quite a lot of rallies and not so many in the first, and I think I played really well." Friday's opening quarterfinal saw Thomaz Bellucci continued his giantkilling run by ousting seventh seed Tomas Berdych, beating the 2010 Wimbledon runner-up 7-6 (7-2) 6-3. The 23-year-old became the first Brazilian since Gustavo Kuerten in 2003 to reach the last-four stage in the Spanish capital as he followed up his earlier shock win over British fourth seed Andy Murray. Bellucci, ranked 36th, reached the semis of a Masters 1000 event for the first time. "Of course, yesterday's match gave me a lot of confidence that I was needing," he said. "I was losing some games and wasn't playing very well, but yesterday I played my best tennis. "Today I had a lot of confidence on the court and I managed to get a victory. I played well and I have got even more confidence for tomorrow's match." Bellucci next faces either world No. 2 Novak Djokovic, who is unbeaten in 29 consecutive matches this year, or Spanish sixth seed David Ferrer -- the losing finalist in Monte Carlo and Barcelona last month. "They are losing very few matches, but they are not invincible, they can also lose," Bellucci said ahead of the duo's clash in Friday's late match. Germany's Julia Gorges continued her fine form in the women's event in Madrid, with the Stuttgart champion beating Russia's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova to reach the semifinals. She won 6-4 6-2 to follow up her second successive win over world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and set up a clash with fourth seed Victoria Azarenka. The Belarusian battled past unseeded Czech Lucie Safarova 6-3 3-6 6-2 to move to within one win of claiming the No. 4 ranking -- which no woman from her country has done before. Her last meeting with Gorges ended in disappointment in Stuttgart last month when the 21-year-old Azarenka had to retire hurt with a shoulder injury after winning the first set. Chinese sixth seed Li Na also went through to the last four, beating American Bethanie Mattek-Sands 6-4 3-6 6-4. Both players had beaten Italians in the previous round, with Mattek-Sands upsetting third seed and French Open champion Francesca Schiavone. Australian Open finalist Li will take on Czech 16th seed Petra Kvitova for a place in Sunday's title match. Kvitova, 21, came from behind to beat Slovakia's Dominika Cibulkova 3-6 6-3 7-5 to follow up her earlier win over Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva. Cibulkova eliminated former No. 1 Maria Sharapova in the previous round.
Washington (CNN) -- The parents of slain American journalist James Foley said Friday the U.S. and other governments will eventually have to negotiate with the Islamist group that beheaded their son in August.|||"Eventually I think we're going to have to negotiate," John Foley said in an interview on French radio. "This situation is not going to be solved by military intervention and money alone. So at some point in time, people are going to have to talk." Foley's mother Diane agreed that "we need to talk with them" and that ISIS needs "to be understood by our world." She said in the interview with Europe 1 that the U.S. should "reevaluate the policies about negotiation with terrorists" and Foley's father conceded that while a ransom may not have saved his son's life, "it wouldn't cost anything to negotiate." Foley's mother said Friday she believed the U.S. government tried "very hard" to try and free her son, but in an interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper last month, the bereaved mother said she was "embarrassed and appalled" by how the U.S. government handled her son's abduction. "I think our efforts to get Jim freed were an annoyance," she said in September. Foley's parents have since established a foundation, the James W. Foley Legacy Fund, which aims to support families of U.S. hostages, conflict reporting organizations and educational groups and institutions. Foley's mother 'appalled' by U.S. government handling of case. And the parents were adamant in their belief that journalists should continue to cover conflict around the world to reveal atrocities. "If we allow the terrorists to prevent journalists from going into these areas then atrocities continue and the world is unaware, we look the other way and evil continues," John Foley said in the interview. "So we need the world community to come together to try and answer this challenge."
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world's No. 1 golf ranking for a 271st week at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational starting in Ohio on Thursday.|||The 34-year-old has been at the summit for an unprecedented 612 weeks in total, but once again faces the prospect of losing top spot to fellow American Phil Mickelson -- and a new contender, world No. 3 Lee Westwood. While second-ranked Mickelson has failed to take advantage of Woods' struggles in recent weeks, finishing only tied for 48th at the British Open, Westwood has racked up the points after placing second at his home major last month. The Englishman can go to No. 1 if he wins at Firestone and Woods is outside the top two -- or if he is second, the defending champion is 10th or lower and Mickelson does not win. Mickelson can finally surpass Woods if he wins, or if he finishes in the top four and his compatriot is outside the top 37. "Am I conscious of the pack closing in? Yes, because every tournament you guys remind me," Woods told reporters on Wednesday ahead of his bid for an eighth title in the event. "You play. How I got here was playing golf tournaments and winning golf tournaments." Woods will partner Westwood for the first two rounds in Akron, knowing that his rival has finished second in two majors this year and was runner-up at Firestone behind Vijay Singh in 2008. "I've always enjoyed playing with Westy, he's a great guy. We've been going at it for a long time," he said of the 37-year-old, who he also played with at the U.S. Open in June. "What he's done over the last couple of years -- I always knew he had that talent and level of play, now he is showing it. Almost every big event we always seem to get paired together. We're going to have a good time." Woods has dropped out of the U.S. team's automatic qualification positions for October's Ryder Cup after a run of poor results, tying for 23rd at the British Open at St. Andrews last month as he struggled with his putting. "It has been off all year. I've three-putted quite a few times, which I don't do normally, so I've had to go back to basics and practice a bit more," he said. "I haven't worked on it as much as I should have the last couple of years, so I've had to go back to that." Masters champion Mickelson, whose only victory at Firestone came at the World Series of Golf in 1996, will partner young Northern Irishman Rory McIlroy in the first two rounds. U.S..Open champion Graeme McDowell will play with three-time major winner Padraig Harrington, who returned to form with second place at last weekend's Irish Open.
(CNN) -- The terrorist attacks on America on September 11, 2001, gave his administration a clear goal and him the resolve to find out who was responsible and "kick their ass," former President George W. Bush writes in his new book.|||In "Decision Points," Bush describes his reaction when his then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice informed him of the crash of a third airplane into the Pentagon. "I sat back in my seat and absorbed her words. My thoughts clarified: The first plane could have been an accident. The second was definitely an attack. The third was a declaration of war," the former president writes in his 481-page book, which goes on sale Tuesday. "My blood was boiling. We were going to find out who did this, and kick their ass," Bush writes. "In a single morning, the purpose of my presidency had grown clear: to protect our people and defend our freedom that had come under attack." CNN on Friday obtained a copy of the book, being released by Crown Publishers. In the book, Bush also recounts the government response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005. He calls the response "not only flawed" but "unacceptable," and describes his own failures in this way: "As the leader of the federal government, I should have recognized the deficiencies sooner and intervened faster. I prided myself on my ability to make crisp and effective decisions. Yet in the days after Katrina, that didn't happen. The problem was not that I made the wrong decisions. It was that I took too long to decide." Bush writes he also failed to "adequately communicate my concern for the victims of Katrina" -- a problem he calls one of "perception, not reality." "Yet many of our citizens, particularly in the African-American community, came away convinced their president didn't care about them." The former president recently told NBC's Matt Laurer that the "worst moment" of his administration was when rapper Kanye West declared during a Katrina celebrity telethon that "George Bush doesn't care about black people." West this week expressed a sympathetic view of Bush's reaction to the comment. Bush writes the Katrina had a lasting legacy on his second term. "Just as Katrina was more than a hurricane, its impact was more than physical destruction. It eroded citizens' trust in their government. It exacerbated divisions in our society and politics. And it cast a cloud over my second term." In "Decision Points," Bush also details how he came to utter those infamous words "Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job" about Michael Brown, the FEMA chief who was leading the government's response to Katrina in the days immediately following the storm. Bush writes that he was in Mobile, Alabama, meeting with the Alabama and Mississippi governors and asked them if they were getting adequate federal support. "'That Mike Brown is doing a heck of a job,' Bob said," referring to Alabama governor Bob Riley. "I knew Mike was under pressure and I wanted to boost his morale," Bush writes, so he repeated Riley's words a few minutes later when he spoke to the press. "I never imagined those words of encouragement would become an infamous entry in the political lexicon. As complaints about Mike Brown's performance mounted, especially in New Orleans, critics turned my words of encouragement into a club to bludgeon me." The former FEMA head, who resigned two weeks after the compliment, told CNN in August that he winced when Bush uttered the line. "I knew the minute he said that, the media and everybody else would see a disconnect between what he was saying and what I was witnessing on the ground," Brown said. "That's the president's style. His attitude and demeanor is always one of being a cheerleader and trying to encourage people to keep moving. It was just the wrong time and the wrong place." Bush in recent years has talked about his past problems with alcohol abuse and his 1986 decision to give up drinking completely. Just days before the 2000 presidential election, news broke that Bush had been arrested for driving under the influence in Maine in 1976. In his memoir, Bush writes, "Not disclosing the DUI on my terms may have been the single costliest political mistake I ever made." He says he had decided against doing so because he didn't want to undermine his admonitions to his daughters about drinking and driving. After the news came out -- so close to election day, Bush writes, he went to bed that night on the campaign trail thinking, "I may have just cost myself the presidency."
(CNN) -- Florida appears set to recognize same-sex marriages on January 6, after the U.S. Supreme Court on Friday declined to further delay a lower court's finding that the state's ban on the unions is unconstitutional.|||The high court Friday night, without explanation, rejected the Florida attorney general's request to intervene. A U.S. District judge in Florida had ruled in August the state's ban was unconstitutional but stayed the ruling to allow for appeals. The case hasn't been completely settled. Neither the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals nor the Supreme Court have ruled on the merits, and Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, who has defended the ban, has expressed "confusion" over whether all 67 counties will issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples before appeals are settled. But the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida said it expects the state to fully recognize same-sex marriages when U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle's stay expires at the end of January 5. "This is a thrilling day for all Florida families. As we explained to the court, every day that the ban remains in place, couples are suffering real harms," ACLU of Florida attorney Daniel Tilley said. "We are grateful that the court recognized that, and that as a result, those days are finally coming to an end." Florida would become the 36th state to recognize same-sex marriage, in addition to the District of Columbia. In August, Hinkle ruled the Florida ban -- first put into law in 1977 and written into the state's constitution after a 2008 referendum -- violates the "due process" and "equal protection" provisions in the U.S. Constitution's 14th Amendment. His ruling applied to whether same-sex couples can marry in Florida as well as to whether such marriages elsewhere should be recognized in the Sunshine State. As part of the ruling, Hinkle ordered that Washington County, Florida, must issue a marriage license to two plaintiffs -- a same-sex couple -- who sued the state. He then stayed his own ruling, saying some time needed to pass to allow higher courts to reverse his decision. Bondi filed an appeal with the 11th Circuit. That court has yet to hear, or schedule a hearing on, arguments on the merits. Both Hinkle and the 11th Circuit declined this fall to extend the stay. On Monday, Bondi asked the high court to extend the delay until the state exhausted its appeals. "The public is not served by on-again, off-again marriage laws," her office argued in this week's application. After the Supreme Court declined to intervene, Bondi issued a statement acknowledging January 5 as the stay's final day. But, earlier this week, she said that there would be "confusion about the effect of (Hinkle's ruling), which is directed to only one of Florida's 67 clerks of court." Bondi's statement didn't directly address her earlier county concerns. A Bondi spokeswoman did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment Saturday on whether all 67 counties must issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples once Hinkle's stay expires. Tilley, the ACLU of Florida attorney, indicated that he expects they will. "We expect public officials in all of Florida's 67 counties to understand the significance of this development and look forward to full implementation of Judge Hinkle's decision across our state," Tilley said. U.S. district and circuit courts overturned many states' same-sex marriage bans after the Supreme Court rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in 2013. One federal appeals court -- the Sixth Circuit -- upheld bans in Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee and Kentucky in November, a move that could force the Supreme Court to take up the issue. CNN's Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says he will accept the results of a referendum this month that could see the country split in two.|||Al-Bashir said "peace is our ultimate goal" with southern Sudan, which could become an independent state after the January 9 vote. He called on the government in the south to provide a safe environment for the referendum. "The referendum process shall go on with God's blessings, with the trust of our commitment that we will renew at this moment," al-Bashir said, "and accepting the result that will come from the desire of the citizens and their choices." Al-Bashir made the comments in a speech Friday marking Sudan's 55th Independence Day. He also promised to negotiate what comes after the referendum. "Our acceptance of the final results will not be withdrawn or hesitated about," he said, "because the peace is our ultimate goal in our relationships with our southern brothers, even if they choose a path other than unity." The referendum is part of a 2005 peace agreement that ended two decades of violence between the north and oil-rich south. The conflict led to the deaths of 2 million people, many from starvation. The impending vote has sparked fears of renewed violence. Al-Bashir has been leader of Sudan since 1989. He is wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, on allegations of war crimes and genocide in western Sudan's Darfur region, where violence that erupted in 2003 has left at least 300,000 people dead.
(CNN) -- So, a judge walks out of a bar ...|||When the New Jersey Supreme Court decided that Vincent August Sicari must choose between his career as a municipal judge and his other career in the entertainment industry, he decided it wasn't yet the time to have a last laugh. Vincent August Sicari has practiced both law and comedy for over 15 years, and in January 2008 he became a part-time municipal judge in South Hackensack. While a judge, he continued to pursue his entertainment career as a standup comedian and actor, including appearing on the TV show "What Would You Do?" under the name Vince August, according to court documents. Sicari resigned in person from his judiciary position Thursday, just a few hours after the high court issued its unanimous decision. "I'm disappointed. I'm proud of being a judge; I take great pride in it. It is a great life accomplishment, a great career accomplishment," Sicari told CNN Thursday. "I don't like being forced to make a decision." Though no longer a judge, Sicari will continue to be an attorney -- which is permitted -- and moonlight as an actor and comedian. He says that over the years he made the decision specifically not to work for big law firms so he could designate his hours as he saw fit and not neglect one career over the other. "I'm going to keep doing what I was doing, but now I'm not a judge," Sicari said. According to court documents, Sicari provided information about his standup routines to the Advisory Committee on Extrajudicial Activities following his municipal court appointment. After the panel determined that his comedy career was a conflict, he appealed to the state's high court. Sicari argued that his two careers were completely independent of one another and never overlapped, according to statements put forward in court. The Supreme Court judges pointed, however, to a writeup in the Bergen Record newspaper in which they associated Vince A. Sicari, the lawyer, and Vince August, the actor and comedian. "Vince Sicari, the lawyer, may be free to pursue a parallel career as an actor and comedian. Once he chose also to serve as a municipal court judge, however, he became subject to the Code of Judicial Conduct," the judges wrote. One canon of the Code of Judicial Conduct requires judges "to conduct any extrajudicial activities in a manner to avoid casting reasonable doubt on the judge's capacity to act impartially as a judge." Sicari could be seen in various roles on "What Would You Do?" -- a show that features social experiments to capture public's reactions to real-life scenarios played out by actors. The judges noted that his roles portraying homophobia, racial profiling and other forms of discrimination could be misleading to someone catching a glimpse of the show before changing the channel. His routines at comedy clubs often involve politics and religion. "In the course of his routines, Sicari has demeaned certain people based on national origin and religion and has revealed his political leanings," the judges wrote. "The court cannot ignore the distinct possibility that a person who has heard a routine founded on humor disparaging certain ethnic groups and religions will not be able to readily accept that the judge before whom he or she appears can maintain the objectivity and impartiality that must govern all municipal court proceedings." Sicari maintains that his careers that he loves equally, were always separate. "When I'm a lawyer I'm focused on that, when I'm on stage, on set, I focus on that," he told CNN. "I thought I've done it pretty well."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport in 2005, an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy.|||A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-700, like the plane here, skidded off a Chicago runway in 2005. "The probable cause was the pilot's failure to use available reverse thrust in a timely manner to safely slow or stop the aircraft after landing which resulted in a runway overrun," the National Transportation Safety Board ruled. Southwest Airlines flight 1248 slid off a 6,500-foot runway at Midway while landing during a heavy snowstorm in December 2005. The Boeing 737-700 was still moving at 46 mph when it crashed through a barrier wall and then slid into an intersection outside the airport grounds, hitting two cars. The NTSB found the pilot and co-pilot were unfamiliar with the jet's automatic brake system, which "distracted them from thrust reverser usage during the challenging landing." The agency also found the pilot's failure to divert the flight to another airport amid reports of poor braking on the runway and tailwinds above 5 mph contributed to the accident. The accident killed Joshua Woods, 6, of Leroy, Indiana, and injured 12 others, including his parents and two younger brothers. It was the first fatal accident in the history of the Dallas-based airline. None of the 98 passengers and five crew members aboard the Baltimore-to-Chicago flight were hurt. The NTSB found Southwest failed to provide its pilots with "clear and consistent guidance and training" on company policies regarding arrival landing-distance calculations. It also said the programming and design of the aircraft's onboard computers and the airline's plan to implement new auto-brake procedures without giving pilots time to learn those procedures contributed to the accident. E-mail to a friend. CNN Correspondent Kathleen Koch contributed to this report.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- The Lear jet that crashed on landing last week in Mexico City, killing all aboard, including Mexico's interior minister, may have been felled by the turbulence from a large passenger jet it was following too closely, the nation's transportation secretary said Friday, citing results of a preliminary investigation.|||The scene of the plane crash in Mexico City was one of panic and confusion, witnesses said. Radar tapes show that the Lear 45 -- carrying three crew members and six passengers from San Luis Potosi -- was flying just 4.15 nautical miles behind a Boeing 767-300 at 6:45 p.m. November 4, Luis Tellez said. The International Civil Aviation Organization calls for a separation of at least 6 nautical miles between a heavy jet like the Boeing and a medium-weight jet like the Lear to ensure that turbulence does not affect the smaller plane's control, Tellez said. The flight controller in Mexico City recognized that the separation was insufficient and, at 6:44 p.m., told the Lear jet to reduce its speed, but "the Lear jet didn't begin to decelerate significantly until a minute and 12 seconds later," Tellez said. "The transcript of the [cockpit voice recorder] reveals that, in this period, the plane entered a turbulence that surprised the crew members, and the pilot attributed it to the wake of the plane ahead," Tellez said. The pilot asked the co-pilot, who had more experience, to take over, but he was unable to regain control, Tellez said. "We know that the crew recognized the presence of the turbulence provoked by the wake of the plane that preceded it and, immediately after recognizing it, the plane gave a sharp turn and initiated its descent at a pronounced angle that culminated in its impact on the ground," he said. The Boeing, which weighs 175 tons, is classified as a heavy plane. The 8-year-old Lear, which weighed 9.5 tons, was classified as a medium-weight plane, though it was on the light end of that scale, Tellez said. "Therefore, it is more vulnerable than most medium-sized planes to the phenomenon of turbulence," he said. Officials said last week that the left engine fell off the plane before it crashed. Lab tests found no traces of alcohol or drugs in either pilot and no evidence of sabotage or explosives, he said. Scrutiny of the wreckage has found no indication that anything was wrong with the plane or its engines, he said. But the investigation did find "presumed deficiencies" in the pilot's certification to operate a Lear jet, Tellez said. Audio from the cockpit voice recorder "shows the lack of familiarity" of the pilot, Capt. Martin de Jesus Oliva Perez, with the instruments in the cabin, he added. Among the plane's passengers was Interior Secretary Juan Camilo Mourino, the nation's second most-powerful official and a confidant of President Felipe Calderon's. The plane crashed in Mexico City traffic and erupted in flames, killing five people on the ground and injuring 14 in addition to killing the nine people aboard. Tellez said the final report, which will take several months to complete, will include studies carried out in a NASA simulator to confirm whether the wake was responsible.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943.|||Putin, right, is greeted by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad following his arrival in Tehran. Putin, who is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations, said that he and the other leaders agreed that "peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed" in the region. "The Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives," he said. Russia is building Iran's first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the U.S. and its allies to impose stronger U.N. sanctions against Tehran. On Monday, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration's stance that "all options" must be kept "on the table" in confronting the threats posed by Iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time U.S. adversary. "We should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program, their willingness to live up to their rhetoric, their intentions for Iraq, or their ambitions in the Gulf region," Gates said in a speech to the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs. The leaders of Iran, Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan also met Tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea -- the world's largest inland body of water. Speaking afterwards, Putin said that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the U.S. planned to use Azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against Iran, The Associated Press reported. "We are saying that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state," Putin said. "The Caspian Sea is an inland sea and it only belongs to the Caspian states, therefore only they are entitled to have their ships and military forces here," added Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Putin, defying reports of an assassination plot against him, was greeted by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki as he stepped off his plane at Tehran's Mehrabad Airport. During a news conference Monday after talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Wiesbaden, Germany, Putin said rumors of an attempt on his life would not stop his plans. "Of course I will travel to Iran," Putin said. "If I reacted to these kinds of rumors every time, I could never leave the house." Iranian officials denied there was an assassination plot against Putin, with a Foreign Ministry spokesman describing rumors of a possible terrorist action during the Putin visit baseless. "Spreading this kind of totally false news lacks any value and cannot damage the trend of the prepared programs," spokesman Mohammadali Hosseini told the Iranian FARS news agency. Hosseini blamed the rumor on Western media, particularly the U.S. media, saying the report was "made up by the enemies of relations between Iran and Russia to create a psychological war." Putin's visit is the first by a leader in the Kremlin to Iran since Joseph Stalin's World War II conference meeting with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. "Putin's trip to Tehran is a show of Russia's independence in global affairs. Putin, who approaches the end of his term, wants to demonstrate that he wouldn't cave in to the U.S. pressure," said Alexander Pikayev, an expert on Iran with Russia's Institute for World Economy and International Relations, in a report carried by AP. Putin's schedule also includes meetings with Ahmadinejad and Iran's supreme leader, Ali Khamenei, AP said. E-mail to a friend. Copyright 2007 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Protests over media freedom continued in Venezuela Tuesday, a day after two student protesters were killed in separate clashes.|||Student leaders opposed to cable operators' decision to drop five television channels, including an opposition station, for failure to follow broadcast laws pleaded for an end to the violence at a demonstration in front of the state-run broadcaster. Also Tuesday, the Interior Ministry designated four investigators to look into the shooting deaths of the two students in the western state of Merida. The protests stem from the suspension of cable station Radio Caracas Television (RCTV) and five other stations over the weekend. The stations were pulled from the air because they did not broadcast a speech by President Hugo Chavez, as required by national broadcast laws. Protesters say that the suspension of RCTV, known for its anti-Chavez slant, was provoked by the Chavez government. The Chavez government had already pushed RCTV off of public airwaves in 2007 for similar violations. Then, as now, his opponents saw politics behind the move. The street protests this week produced confrontations with police and Chavez supporters, but have been more widespread. Photos from a weekend national baseball series showed many fans in the crowd wearing red bandanas over their mouths in protest. According to the preliminary investigation, a 16-year-old student was killed during an altercation in Merida Monday night, the state-run Bolivarian News Agency reported. The teen was identified as Yosinio Carrillo Torres. In a second incident in Merida, just before midnight, another youth, Marcos Rosales Suarez, was shot when a group of unidentified gunmen fired into a crowd of protesters. "We applied the law," Chavez said in a speech over the weekend. "If they don't follow it, they won't be allowed back on the air." Many press freedom organizations, including the Committee to Protect Journalists, have urged Chavez to allow the stations back on the air right away. "Pulling a television station from cable and satellite distribution because it chooses not to carry every word uttered by a politician would be laughable if this weren't Venezuela," Carlos Lauria, CPJ's senior program coordinator for the Americas, said in a statement. "The action against RCTV is a disturbing sign of the growing censorship imposed by President Hugo Chavez. The authorities must restore all stations to subscription TV immediately." The Venezuelan embassy in the United States released a statement challenging the way the RCTV incident was being portrayed, citing "distortions in U.S. press coverage." "Once again an administrative sanction against media outlets that have failed to comply with broadcast laws are painted as measures against the political views expressed in their programming with the goal of attacking the democratic legitimacy of the Venezuelan government," the statement said. The cable stations were aware of the laws and chose not to follow them, the Venezuelan government said. "This is not a discriminatory nor arbitrary measure," the statement said. In other developments in Venezuela, the president of state-owned Banco de Venezuela, Eugenio Vazquez Orellana, announced his resignation Tuesday. The resignation follows two other high-level resignations from Chavez's upper ranks. Over the weekend, Venezuela's vice president and defense minister Ramon Carrizalez, and minister for the environment Yuviri Ortega, also resigned.
New York (CNN) -- The defendant's testimony in a stilled Manhattan courtroom Wednesday took a federal jury half a world and many years away, to a mountain cave in the desolation of Afghanistan, to the hours after the September 11, 2001, terror attacks.|||In that mountain cave, defendant Sulaiman Abu Ghaith testified, sat the man who had summoned him, his future father-in law: Osama bin Laden. Bin Laden invited him to sit, Abu Ghaith said, and then asked if he'd heard what happened. "We are the ones who did it," Abu Ghaith, speaking through an Arabic interpreter, quoted bin Laden as saying. Bin Laden then asked for his opinion of what to expect, Abu Ghaith said. "America will not rest until it accomplishes two things," Abu Ghaith testified he told bin Laden. "To kill you, and to destroy the Taliban." "You're being too pessimistic," bin Laden responded. Abu Ghaith's testimony came on the ninth day of his trial on federal charges that he aided terrorists relating to the 9/11 attacks and conspired to kill U.S. nationals. He has pleaded not guilty to charges that could send him to prison for life if he is convicted. As he testified Wednesday, several survivors of the attacks and family members of victims sat in the courtroom just blocks away from the World Trade Center and ground zero. Prosecutors in the terror trial contend Abu Ghaith was an al Qaeda propagandist, with a crucial role in recruiting and inciting the organization's members. Prosecutors have played videos for the jury of Abu Ghaith seated at bin Laden's side, giving speeches filled with fiery rhetoric and issuing calls to "terrorize the infidels." The defendant said he initially met bin Laden in June of 2001, when he traveled to Afghanistan on "a mission that you may call humanitarian," because of his curiosity about the Islamist Taliban government, and because he thought his skills as an educator and religious scholar could be of use there. In his native Kuwait, Abu Ghaith spent a decade working for the Ministry of Education, and was a licensed imam with a reputation in the Gulf region, he said on the stand. Shortly after his arrival in the country, Abu Ghaith said, bin Laden summoned him for the first of several meetings. Bin Laden invited him to speak at training camps, saying the men there were exposed to "weapons, roughness, and a hard life," but needed spiritual focus and a lesson in mercy, testified Abu Ghaith. At the camps, he heard talk there was a big al Qaeda operation in the works, he said, but he denied knowing the specifics of the 2001 attack ahead of time. The first of the video recordings was made at the September 11 meeting, after bin Laden asked for a reluctant Abu Ghaith's help to send a worldwide message, Abu Ghaith testified. He relented only after bin Laden promised to give him "bullet points," and that he'd speak on religious matters only. "The storm of airplanes will not abate," Abu Ghaith said on one of the recordings, a phrase he testified Wednesday was among the notes bin Laden gave him for the speech. He maintained in court that his use of "we" and "us" in the videos referred to Muslims and not to al Qaeda, and that he was never a member of the organization. Abu Ghaith was not asked on the stand about his subsequent marriage to one of bin Laden's daughters. Abu Ghaith was captured last year after years of being among a group of alleged al Qaeda operatives sheltered in Iran. He was arrested in Turkey and deported to Kuwait via Jordan, which helped U.S. agents capture him. Testimony continues Thursday, with two remaining defense witnesses. Closing arguments in the case are expected Monday. What did abu Ghaith tell authorities on plane trip to U.S.? 9/11 mastermind defends bin Laden's son-in-law in court statement.
(CNN) -- The United Nations official overseeing efforts to help Iraq's many displaced people said Monday the country could be at a turning point.|||"This new government represents an enormous opportunity for Iraq, but also for our work," said Antonio Guterres, the U.N. high commissioner for refugees, on his first visit to Iraq since the country formed a new government in December. "I hope today we are marking the beginning of the end of the displacement chapter in Iraq." There are 196,000 Iraqis registered as refugees with UNHCR, mainly in neighboring Syria, Jordan and Lebanon, the agency said in a news release. The UNHCR also "estimates there are about 1.3 million internally displaced Iraqis, and some 500,000 of them living in extremely precarious conditions." Guterres met with top Iraqi leaders, including President Jalal Talabani, Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and Minister of Foreign Affairs Hoshyar Zebari. He proposed "a government-led national plan of action" to create the conditions that would allow Iraqis to return home, the UNHCR said. But Guterres stressed that returning to Iraq should be voluntary. "To force people to return home against their will where insecurity prevails is unacceptable," Guterres said. The UNHCR said it was a reference to recent deportations of Iraqis from a number of European countries. Sweden last week defended its decision to deport 26 Iraqi asylum-seekers. The country said the European Court of Human Rights supports a Swedish immigration court's ruling that an asylum-seeker from Iraq would have to show an individual threat directed toward him or her. The UNHCR said several of the men deported from Sweden were from Iraq's volatile provinces -- Baghdad, Diyala, Salaheddin, Nineveh and Kirkuk. Last year, western European countries deported more than 400 Iraqis, according to the UNHCR. In June, the UNHCR announced that a milestone had been reached, with 100,000 Iraqi refugees approved for resettlement.
(CNN) -- She was found still wearing the shimmering silver cocktail number she wore to celebrate her wedding. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. Young. Beautiful.|||But within two days of saying, "I do," she was dead. Police officers in the suburban Chicago town of Burbank found Estrella Carrera, 26, in the bathtub of the condominium she planned to share with Arnoldo Jimenez, 30. She had been stabbed multiple times. "This was a brutal murder," Capt. Joe Ford, spokesman for the Burbank Police Department, said Wednesday. "There is some aggression, obviously." Police found no signs of a forced entry into the condo on Rutherford Avenue. They were searching Wednesday for Carrera's husband. Jimenez is the prime suspect in his young wife's murder and is wanted on a first-degree murder warrant, police said. "It is important to know that this appears to be an isolated incident stemming from a domestic situation and the investigation is continuing," police said Monday, before obtaining the warrant. Jimenez had known Carrera for three years and married her Friday, at Chicago's City Hall, police said. The couple had dinner with family and friends and then climbed into a party limousine to celebrate at a night club on the north side of town. "She was happy. She was fine," Carrera's cousin Sandy Lopez told CNN affiliate WBBM. Carrera was more like a sister to Lopez than a cousin, Lopez said. At 26, she had her whole life ahead of her. "Why? Why would you take her from us?" Lopez said, struggling to comprehend how anyone could commit such a heinous act. The last time anyone saw the newlyweds was at 4 in the morning Saturday when they got out of the limo and headed back home to their condominium in a nondescript three-story brick building. About 36 hours later, police found her body after responding to a call from a family member concerned that there might be something wrong. Carrera had failed to pick up her two children, ages 2 and 8, as scheduled the day before. Family members tried to contact her and Jimenez on their cell phones. No one answered. Jimenez was last seen driving his black 2006 Maserati sedan, a car that Ford estimated was worth between $50,000 and $60,000. "It's a pretty expensive car, without a doubt," Ford said. Such a car raises eyebrows in Burbank, a blue-collar community that is ethnically mixed. Police said thought and prayers go out to Carrera's family, especially her motherless children. Meanwhile, Ford said, police will keep "peeling the layers of the Jimenez onion."
(EW.com) -- Most of the muckraking Hollywood movies we think of as classic tend to sketch their dramas inside very clean and satisfying moral lines.|||"Norma Rae" was about a feisty union organizer fighting for basic workers' rights, "All the President's Men" was about two fearless newspaper reporters bringing down a corrupt president, and "Erin Brockovich" was about a heroic ordinary woman battling corporate malfeasance. "Won't Back Down," a drama about the quasi-disaster that is today's American public education system, would very much like to be a "Norma Rae"-style lump-in-the-throat rabble rouser, and to a good degree it succeeds. Yet the movie — to its credit — never denies the murky complexity of what's gone wrong in our schools. The moral lines here are by no means clean or easy to read. The film rightly pins our educational malaise on a great many diverse causes, from students mired in videogames to bad teachers to overly stodgy curriculum to good teachers who have sunk, over the years, into a kind of grinding hopelessness that just about anyone in their position might share. The movie is set in Pittsburgh, where Jamie, a financially strapped single mother played by Maggie Gyllenhaal (she works as a bartender as well as an auto-lot secretary), learns that her dyslexic daughter, Malia (Emily Alyn Lind), has been stuck in a dead-end classroom at John Adams, one of the lowest-rated schools in the city. After failing to win a coveted spot in a school lottery (a heartbreaking scene that sets the film's tone of hope teetering on rickety opportunities for success), Jamie decides to mount a fight to improve the school she's stuck with. But it's not because she gives a damn about being a ''crusader.'' She's acting out of a sheer, desperate, practical desire to get her daughter a decent education. She teams up with a gifted but morosely worn-down veteran teacher at John Adams, Nona (Viola Davis), who is trying to dig herself out of her own hole of apathy. And together, these two ignite a local movement to re-launch the school with a new, progressive program. They have to jump through a nightmarish array of bureaucratic hoops, which the film portrays in agonizing detail. They also have to take on the teachers' union, represented by Holly Hunter as a manipulative idealist who doesn't realize how much her own cherished orthodoxies have, over the years, become part of the problem. "Won't Back Down" has already attracted its share of heat from the nation's teachers' unions, so let me say up front that the movie doesn't demonize the union so much as it recognizes the point that director Davis Guggenheim made powerfully in his 2010 documentary Waiting for ''Superman'': that what the union now stands for — among other things, many of them good — is a lack of change. And "Won't Back Down" says that whatever your feelings about the subject, lack of change cannot be the answer to our public-education crisis. Trying to cram an informational exposé and a vintage inspirational awards-bait weeper into one movie, "Won't Back Down" is awkward at times, yet it's also passionate in a surprisingly smart way. It makes a genuine drama out of impossible issues. It is also, for the most part, very nicely acted. Gyllenhaal brings perhaps a bit too much movie-star-as-working-class-mom radiance to her role, yet she also makes you feel the agony of what Jamie is up against: the terror that her daughter is going to be doomed from grade school on. Marianne Jean-Baptiste, as the chief Pittsburgh school administrator, does an incisive and witty turn as an ice-cold bureaucrat who still has a trace of fire in her belly, and Viola Davis, in a brilliantly felt and thought-out performance, makes Nona by turns contained, furious, depressed, and stubbornly on point. Davis goes way beyond noble-educator sanctimony to show you the tug-of-war between devotion and despair that now defines too many of our teachers. "Won't Back Down" digs into such a complicated, no-easy-solution subject that I doubt the film will attract a very big audience, despite its genuine rouser of a climactic scene set at a school-board meeting. Yet it actually goes a step further than many of Hollywood's topical dramas by leaving you with something real. B+. See the original article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- The company building the controversial Keystone XL pipeline has submitted a proposal for a new route, a spokesman for Nebraska's environmental authority said Wednesday.|||The new route is east of the initially proposed route that went over an environmentally sensitive aquifer, said spokesman Brian McManus of the Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality. TransCanada is the company constructing Keystone. The pipeline is intended to carry between 500,000 and 700,000 barrels of crude oil a day from Canada's oil sands to the U.S. Gulf Coast. U.S. President Barack Obama in January denied a permit for the 1,700-mile pipeline, a decision that prompted Republican criticism that the president was not doing everything possible to create jobs and combat high gasoline prices. Obama defends policy on pipeline. Supporters, including the oil industry, also say the pipeline would lessen the country's dependence on oil imported from volatile regions. Opponents, including environmentalists, say the pipeline might leak and that it would lock the United States into a particularly dirty form of crude that might ultimately end up being exported. "With this new route submitted and the state of Nebraska acting to move forward, the president is running out of excuses for blocking the Keystone pipeline any longer," House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, told CNN. "With a veto-proof majority in the House supporting Keystone, the president is becoming increasingly isolated in his opposition to this job-creating energy project. He should listen to the voices of the American people and unlock the project so we can get Americans working and address high gas prices." Obama announced in March that he would approve a portion of the pipeline, a part that runs from Cushing, Oklahoma -- a key repository of U.S. oil -- to the Gulf. He had said he was always in favor of permitting that portion, even when he blocked the full project. BP announces settlement over 2010 spill. The other portion of the pipeline had stirred concerns of Nebraskans worried about underground water supplies. An aquifer in Nebraska provides drinking water for much of the state. They fear a pipeline burst would allow oil to seep into the Ogallala Aquifer, a massive water table beneath the Great Plains and one of the largest in the world. The aquifer provides drinking water for much of the state and is important for Nebraska's agricultural economy. The previous route of the Keystone pipeline would have crossed the U.S. border in Montana, shortcutting an existing pipe that enters the United States in North Dakota. Currently, there are not enough pipelines to take the oil being produced in Canada and North Dakota to refineries and terminals on the Gulf. That means Midwest refineries can pay lower prices to get it. Giving the Canadian oil easier access to the Gulf means the glut in the Midwest goes away, making it more expensive for the region, but it would increase the amount of that oil available to global markets. The House on Wednesday approved a Republican bill that aims to fast-track the Keystone project as part of another 90-day extension of federal transportation funding. The 293-127 vote allows Boehner to begin negotiations with Senate Democrats over a longer-term funding measure for road, rail and bridge projects.
(CNN) -- Frequent flyer programs are meant to breed passenger loyalty. The logic goes that if travelers can earn free tickets and preferential treatment by flying one airline or alliance, they will. A new study shows that this isn't always the case.|||A poll of 1,005 British citizens conducted by Collinson Latitude found that 40% of those signed up to airline loyalty schemes never redeem miles, which, one would imagine, slightly defeats the purpose. Given the many seeming limitations associated with them -- blackout dates, minimum spends, expiry dates -- it's not surprising. "It's ironic that what is meant to be a key benefit for travelers becomes a key frustration quite quickly," says James Berry, product director for Collinson Latitude. Jay Sorensen, the president of IdeaWorksCompany, which consults airlines on how to build and improve their loyalty schemes, says he doesn't find the study surprising. "The UK is a bit of an enigma in the market, as their three largest airlines don't encourage people to sign up to their programs," he says. British Airways' scheme, titled the Executive Club, is almost exclusively geared towards business travelers, he says, while neither Ryan Air nor EasyJet have designated programs. Is that seat free? Still, if a good loyalty scheme is rated on the ease of acquiring a reward seat, the British carriers aren't the only ones letting customers down. IdeaWorksCompany recently conducted research as part of the Switchfly Reward Seat Availability Survey. Throughout March, they made 7,560 queries for free seats on 25 leading airlines, and tallied the percentages that were available. Air Berlin, GOL and Southwest tied for top spot, each able to accommodate queries 100% of the time. Delta and US Airways tied for last place, with only 36.5% of requests resulting in a potential booking. Read more: Airbus rolls out new A350 XWB. The discrepancy, Sorensen says, simply comes down to the fact that some airlines think making reward seats available is good business practice, while others just don't see it as a priority. Arguably, some airlines are more interested in selling reward miles to third parties, such as banks, who can distribute the miles as rewards to their own customers. The practice is a multi-billion dollar earner for many carriers. "They love cashing the checks from the banks, they just hate to give up those seats," quips Sorensen. More bang for your buck. Another major grievance for those polled by Collinson Latitude was the lack of affordability of reward seats, with 60% complaining it takes too long to earn enough miles to get anything of value. Gary Leff, the cofounder of frequent flyer community milepoint.com, and a consultant on the Freddie Awards, which recognizes airlines with the best loyalty schemes, notes that some carriers have hidden value that one might not realize from simply skimming their policy page online. Infographic: What we spend on business travel. "Air France-KLM are particularly good," he says (the airline recently won four Freddie's for their Flying Blue program). "They have frequent promotions that allow members to redeem international awards at just half the usual miles." The best part is that Air France-KLM are partnered with Delta, meaning if a member of Delta's SkyMiles program can't find the reward seat they want at the price they want, they could always try using those miles to book with Air France. Does it make you loyal? As only 60% of those polled seem to make use of their frequent flyer program, it's understandable to question whether these schemes succeed in building allegiance to a brand. Sorensen says sadly, it's a difficult prospect to measure. "If we had an airline that would turn their program off, we would have empirical evidence one way or another, but no one has done that, because these programs are a weapon no one wants to be without."
(CNN) -- Crisis club Racing Santander has been thrown out of next season's Copa del Rey after its players staged a bizarre on-pitch boycott of a quarterfinal tie against Real Sociedad.|||The protest Thursday saw Racing players link arms on the center circle and refuse to play the second leg. They needed to pull back a two-goal deficit to earn a last four clash with Catalan giants Barcelona, but months of frustration over unpaid wages boiled over. The match was quickly abandoned but the Spanish football federation (RFEF) reacted Friday by imposing the penalty and a fine of â‚¬3,000 ($4050) on the stricken Cantabrian club. A statement on the federation's official website said its competitions committee had awarded the tie to Basque side Real Sociedad, who had led 3-1 from their home leg. "The non-appearing club will not be able to participate in the next edition of the Copa del Rey," it read. The Racing players, who were applauded by their home fans in the El Sardinero, had warned before the match that they would take action unless club president Angel Lavin and his board resigned. Substitutes and staff -- including coach Paco Fernandez -- who has reportedly not been paid for sixth months -- performed the same gesture of defiance on the touchline before the referee Gil Manzano called a halt to the proceedings after less than a minute. Fernandez told a post-match press conference that he was proud of his players for the stance they had taken and the support they had received. "We feel touched. We regret having to make this decision but we have done it out of respect to football, the sport that we love, and to ourselves," he said. "I want to thank my players for their bravery. Today was the biggest game of our lives and we have done it for our dignity. Without the fans' support, today's decision would have been very difficult to take." Racing had reached the quarterfinals of the Copa del Rey after upset victories over La Liga top-flight sides Sevilla and Almeria, despite languishing in Spain's third division. The majority of the club's 101-year history has been spent in the top division of La Liga themselves with a sixth-placed finish as recently as 2008. But plagued by debt, Racing suffered two straight relegations as well as entering administration.
(CNN) -- Whovians, clear your calendars -- the next star of the British science-fiction series "Doctor Who" will be unveiled Sunday during a live half-hour television special on the BBC.|||The 12th Doctor of the long-running show, which has aired 33 seasons and nearly 800 episodes since it premiered in 1963, will be revealed in front of a studio audience set against a backdrop of a swirling vortex, Daleks, and the TARDIS, the BBC has announced. Peter Capaldi, who starred as a foul-mouthed spin doctor in the British political comedy series "The Thick of It," has been the odds-on favorite to step into the good Doctor's blue phone booth-shaped time machine after Matt Smith, the 11th Doctor, announced in June that he would be leaving the show after four years. Ben Stephenson, Controller of BBC Drama Commissioning, said: "We can't wait to unveil the next Doctor ... It's the biggest secret in showbiz, even those working with the new Doctor on other projects at the moment have no idea they are in the presence of the 12th incarnation." The show will air live simultaneously on BBC One in Britain at 6:00 p.m. GMT and on BBC America at 2:00 p.m. ET. READ MORE: "Doctor Who" to mark 50 years with biopic. The seminal British series first aired in 1963 -- when the broadcast of the premiere was delayed due to coverage of the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy -- and spawned a number of spinoffs, books, stage performances and radio shows before going off the air in 1989. The show returned to television in 2005 to critical acclaim in Britain. The BBC has said it will debut the new Doctor in this year's Christmas special. Rory Kinnear, who played Bill Tanner in the James Bond films "Quantum of Solace" and "Skyfall," and Idris Elba, better known as Stringer Bell from the HBO drama "The Wire," have also been tipped as candidates to be the next incarnation of the Time Lord. As fans eagerly await the appointment of the next Doctor, the BBC will celebrate the 50th anniversary of "Doctor Who" with a biopic about the show's origins. "An Adventure in Space and Time" will premiere later this year and fictionally recounts the creation of the series while exploring the team behind its first episode. The show will also mark the highly-anticipated milestone on November 23 with a special episode starring Matt Smith, David Tennant -- Smith's predecessor -- and John Hurt as the Doctor, according to the BBC. Emily Zemler and Kevin Taverner contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A hair stylist is accusing former "American Idol" judge and rapper Nicki Minaj of wigging out on a deal.|||Terrence Davidson filed suit Friday in district court in Atlanta alleging that the star not only stole his wig designs, but also cost him a potential reality show deal that he was discouraged from pursuing. According to the complaint, Davidson started working for Minaj -- whose real name is Onika Maraj -- as her hair stylist in January 2010. He says he began making wigs for her which she would then select for her appearances. At the time Minaj was a burgeoning star who had steadily built her fan base by appearing as a guest rapper on mix tapes and projects by her label mates at Young Money Entertainment. She quickly became known as the first lady of Young Money, which includes superstar rappers Drake and Lil Wayne. The female rapper also became well known for her sense of style, including a multitude of wigs ranging from platinum blonde to pink. She poses in an ensemble which includes a pink wig on the cover of her platinum-selling debut album "Pink Friday," released in November 2010. Both Davidson and his attorney, Christopher Chestnut, talked to CNN about his influence on crafting Minaj's image as well as the fact that the rapper now sells wigs on her site based on the designs Davidson says he created. The stylist said he discovered the wigs were being marketed and sold after someone sent him a picture and he began researching. "I see these wigs online," said Davidson, who has also worked with others in the industry, including singer Patti LaBelle and rapper Remy Ma. "People are basically duplicating what I created for Nicki Minaj." "Nicki Minaj is reaping great success and financial bounty reward for Terrence's creative expertise, and he is entitled to participate in that," Chestnut said. "Someone's got to stand up for the artist. We applaud the fact that she's making millions, but she's also got to pay bounty to those whose creative designs she's making millions off of." In his suit, Davidson says he designed several wigs for Minaj, including the "Pink Upper Bun Wig," the "Fox Fur Wig," and the "Half Blonde-Half Pink Wig" that she wore in appearances, including the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards preshow. He says there were plans for he and Minaj to launch a wig line and discussions about a possible reality show. But by 2012, the suit claims, "Minaj and her agents became mum about the business ventures and took active steps to isolate Mr. Davidson and preclude him from the notoriety he deserved for his wig designs." "On its face you might think, what this guy is suing over wigs," Davidson's attorney Chestnut said. "But we really have to consider this in context. Hair is a multibillion-dollar industry, but moreover these are not your grandma's wigs. These are eclectic. They are decadent, and they are creative. This is about a brand that Terrence has built." CNN has reached out to Minaj and her representatives for comment.
(CNN)In airport surveillance pictures, the three young women look like typical travelers.|||But their destination was anything but ordinary. British police announced last week that three east London classmates -- Shamima Begum, 15; Kadiza Sultana, 16; and Amira Abase, 15 -- had flown aboard a Turkish Airlines plane from London's Gatwick Airport to Istanbul on February 17. From there, they wanted to go to Syria with the apparent goal of joining ISIS. On Tuesday, authorities said they believe the three girls have made it to their target country. British Prime Minister David Cameron has said the case highlights the need to fight ISIS on multiple fronts. "It does make a broader point, which is the fight against Islamist terror is not just one that we can wage by the police and border control," he said. "It needs every school, every university, every college, every community to recognize they have a role to play, we all have a role to play in stopping people from having their minds poisoned by this appalling death cult." Here's a closer look at three teens and their families:. Shamima's family released a statement through London's Metropolitan Police, begging the girl to reach out and reconsider. "Syria is a dangerous place, and we don't want you to go there. Get in touch with the police, and they will help to bring you home. You are not in any trouble." The family said it understands that Shamima has strong feelings about wanting to help those she believes are suffering in Syria. "You can help from home, you don't have to put yourself in danger," the statement reads. "Please don't cross the border. Please come home to us. Our Mum needs you home and is really worried. We are not mad at you, we love you." Shamima's sister, Renu Begum, described the 15-year-old as an "A-star student." But even bright, promising children can fall prey. "To convince such young girls at that age that are so vulnerable ... it's just wrong," Begum said. "It's a really evil thing to do. You're breaking up entire families." Kadiza's sister, Halima Khanom, spoke to the BBC. She said everyone in her family is hurting and wants to know whether Kadiza is safe. "We want you to know that we all miss you and we love you," Khanom said in a video message directed at her sister. "Find the courage in your heart to contact us and let us know that you're safe and you're OK. That is all we ask of you." Amira Abase told her father that she was going to a wedding. Her family reported her missing when she did not return. "What she's doing is completely nonsense," Amira's father, Abase Hussen, said. He implored Amira to come home. "Remember how we love you. Your sister, brother, they cannot stop crying." Separately, Hussen spoke to the BBC. While holding a teddy bear that Amira had given her mother for Mother's Day, he said his daughter had never expressed an interest in ISIS. "The message we have for Amira is to get back home. We miss you," Hussen told the BBC. "Please think twice." What is ISIS' appeal for young people? CNN's Jason Hanna, Laura Smith-Spark and Holly Yan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- He'd said his daddy always told him that a fool never changes his mind. And Elwin Wilson didn't want to be a fool.|||Wilson, a former Ku Klux Klan member who apologized for his racist past and specifically for beating a black man who went on to become a U.S. congressman, has died. He was 76. Wilson came to national attention when he publicly apologized to Georgia Rep. John Lewis. He and his friends attacked Lewis at a bus station in South Carolina some 50 years ago. "My daddy always told me that a fool never changes his mind, and a smart man changes his mind. And that's what I've done, and I'm not ashamed of it," Wilson told CNN's Don Lemon in 2009. "I feel like I'm apologizing to the world right now." Lewis, who appeared on the same show, said he forgave Wilson. "It is very much in keeping with the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence, to have the ability, the capacity, to say I'm sorry, forgive me, and the person that received the attack will say you're forgiven. Because hate is too heavy a burden to bear," Lewis told Lemon. He said that Wilson was the first and only person who had attacked him and apologized for it. "Maybe Mr. Wilson will inspire others to come forth," Lewis said. Wilson died Thursday at Piedmont Medical Center in Rock Hill, South Carolina. He was a native of Gaston County, North Carolina, and a veteran of the U.S. Air Force, according to an obituary on a funeral home website. Wilson loved to collect antiques, especially clocks. He is survived by his wife, a son, two grandchildren and a great-grandchild. The cause of his death was not immediately clear. "He was a good man," said Christopher Hope Wilson Sr., Wilson's son. Funeral services are scheduled for Monday. CNN's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.
Miami (CNN) -- Hillary Clinton rolled out a new addition to her usual stump speech geared towards women empowerment on Thursday: Her new granddaughter Charlotte.|||"I think my granddaughter has just as much God-given potential as a boy born in that hospital on the same day," the former Secretary of State said at the Commercial Real Estate Women Network Convention in Miami. Bill and Hillary Clinton became grandparents last week when their only daughter, Chelsea, gave birth to Charlotte Clinton Mezvinsky on Friday, Sept. 26 in New York City. While it is obvious that that line is new for Hillary Clinton -- the baby was just born last week -- she was more overt in mentioning her granddaughter as a way to drive home her points. Clinton's speech both opened and closed with a mention of her new granddaughter. Photos: See grandparents with baby. When the former secretary of state took the stage, a woman shouted, "You look beautiful!" Clinton laughed and said, "I think it is a grandmother glow." "She is doing great," Clinton said of Charlotte. "She is the most perfect, most beautiful, smartest five day old you will ever know." After delivering a speech that stressed the importance offering an equal playing field to women, Clinton closed her speech stating that with the right policies, her vision of equal pay, paid leave and affordable child care could be attained. Clinton's midterm campaign schedule. That, Clinton said, is "the kind of country I want my granddaughter growing up in." Charlotte was also on the minds of many of the attendees -- and participants -- in Thursday's conference. While on stage with Clinton, Judy Nitsch, the president of CREW, asked what advice she will have for Charlotte when she gets older. "One is do the very best you can at everything you do... but learn from your mistake and your failures," Clinton said. "Second, be kind. Try to find a time for kindness every single day." Her last piece of advice was something, Clinton said, she hoped to model for her new granddaughter. "Find something you are passionate about, that you love to do," Clinton said. "And again, pursue it. It can be anything, it can be a sports, it can be the arts, it can be service. Find something that you really feel invested in."
(CNN) -- The PGA Tour has issued a denial over reports that American golfer Dustin Johnson is serving a suspension for failing a drugs test.|||World No.16 Johnson said Thursday that he would be taking a break from the sport to seek "professional help" to improve his mental health. It ruled him out of next week's PGA Championship at Valhalla and the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles in Scotland, where he was expected to be a key member of the United States team. In the aftermath of his announcement, a published report on Golf.com made a series of allegations about his use of recreational drugs and claimed he had actually been banned from the Tour after testing positive for cocaine. In response, the PGA Tour issued a statement on its website. "With regard to media reports that Dustin Johnson has been been suspended by the PGA Tour, this is to clarify that Mr. Johnson has taken a voluntary leave of absence and is not under a suspension from the PGA Tour," the statement read. Johnson, who finished 12th at the British Open last month, paired on the final day with eventual winner Rory McIlroy, did not specify the exact length of his absence from golf in the statement released by his management company. "I am taking a leave of absence from professional golf, effective immediately. I will use this time to seek professional help for personal challenges I have faced," it read. "By committing the time and resources necessary to improve my mental health, physical well-being and emotional foundation, I am confident that I will be better equipped to fulfill my potential and become a consistent champion." THE PGA of America, which runs the PGA Championship and the U.S. Ryder Cup team, later confirmed his withdrawal from those to events. Reacting to the announcement Friday, U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson told the PGA website: "We will certainly miss Dustin Johnson at Gleneagles, and we wish him the best. "As one of the longest hitters in the game with an undefeated record of 3-0 at Medinah in 2012, he has clearly been an asset for the United States team. That said, the United States is a team with an abundance of talent." Tiger Woods added to his captain's words. "I'll tell you what, with his power, you always want guys with that kind of power to play on any team. I've been his partner in the Presidents Cup in Australia, and the fire power that he has, it's pretty cool to be around," said the 14-time major winner. "It's not too often you see a guy carry the ball 320 (yards) without even trying, and then when he steps on it he can hit it even further. When he gets it going, it's awfully impressive." Johnson, who is currently ranked fifth in the standings of U.S. golfers would have almost certainly been an automatic pick for the Ryder Cup. The 30-year-old has won eight titles on the PGA Tour and is highly regarded by fans and fellow professionals for his big hitting game. Former U.S. Open champion and European Ryder Cup opponent Justin Rose also passed on his regards to his friend and colleague. "I just wish him well, whatever he's facing right now," Rose said in quotes carried by UK news agency, the Press Association. "(It) can't be easy for him. I wish him all the best. He's a friend of mine (but I) didn't really know that that was on the cards." Johnson rounded off his statement by requesting privacy in the months ahead as he begins his time off. "I respectfully ask my fans, well-wishers and the media for privacy as I embark upon this mission of self-improvement," he said. Johnson had earlier pulled out of this week's WGC-Bridgestone International at Firestone GC, Ohio, citing "personal reasons." That tournament was being led by Sergio Garcia after a third round 67, which was interrupted by thunderstorms. On 14-under, the Spaniard was three clear of McIlroy, who is playing his first event since his British Open triumph. Defending champion Tiger Woods again struggled with a two-over-par 72 for one-over with a round to go.
(CNN) -- It will be Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before. Over six weeks next spring, London's Globe Theatre will present all 37 of the Bard's plays in 37 languages, performed by companies from as many countries.|||Theater groups from the newly independent nation of South Sudan and conflict-torn Afghanistan, as well as the Balkans, China, New Zealand, South Africa, Italy, France, Russia and Belarus will be among those taking part. One play, Love's Labour's Lost, will be performed entirely in British Sign Language (BSL), used by the deaf community, while the Q Brothers from Chicago will stage Othello in hip hop. Tom Bird, festival director for the Globe to Globe event -- which will run from April to June as part of the "cultural Olympiad" ahead of the London 2012 Olympics -- told CNN it was the most ambitious project of its kind. Between a third and a half of the plays to be staged had already been adapted into the various languages, but the festival's organizers also traveled widely looking for talented theater groups to create new adaptations. They were "completely bowled over" by the enthusiasm shown for the project by countries around the world, he said, and had to make some difficult decisions about who would make the cut. "The tricky thing is we can't get everyone in, so we thought a little bit about the languages that are spoken in London, like Urdu, Yoruba and Polish," Bird said. "We also looked at countries that have a great long history of performing Shakespeare, like Georgia and Armenia, and finally if there was a very good show, we could take that anyway." Some of the groups chosen to take part face "incredible obstacles that no European or Western theater company would have to put up," he said. The actors from Afghanistan had been rehearsing in the British Council compound in the capital, Kabul, that was attacked last month, leaving eight people dead and twice as many injured. "Luckily they weren't there on that day, but it was really a very, very lucky miss," Bird said. The Afghan actors cannot currently get visas for Britain in Kabul, so will have to rehearse The Comedy of Errors in India and then travel to London from there, he said. Acting involving both men and women, the latter not always covering their heads, also presents a cultural challenge, he added. The theater company from South Sudan gave its first performance at independence day celebrations this summer, as the new nation emerged from decades of civil conflict. The group will perform William Shakespeare's Cymbeline in Juba Arabic, in what will be "a great moment in the history of the country," Bird said. The three plays of Henry VI, about England's first great civil war of the 15th century, will be staged as a Balkan trilogy by the national theaters of Serbia, Albania and Macedonia, whose actors can draw on the region's recent turbulent past. Globe to Globe's statement points to the Belarus Free Theater -- which will perform King Lear -- as "the world's bravest theater company" for its work, "which it does in spite of the threat of state persecution." The Palestinian group Ashtar Theater, from Ramallah, will present Richard III in Palestinian Arabic, while the Israeli National Theater company Habima will perform The Merchant of Venice in Hebrew. Bird hopes the range of languages represented will bring a new audience to the Globe, a reproduction of the original Elizabethan theater on the banks of the River Thames in which William Shakespeare himself had a stake. An estimated 60,000 Bangla speakers live in London's inner city Tower Hamlets area, he said -- and the festival organizers hope many will want to see The Tempest performed in that tongue. Some of the 130,000 Brazilians in London could also flock to the Globe to see Romeo and Juliet performed in Brazilian Portuguese by a troupe from Belo Horizonte. As for those theater enthusiasts who don't speak a myriad of languages? They won't find a line-by-line subtitling of each play, Bird said, but a synopsis will be provided so people can follow the gist of what is happening -- and performances will be limited to no more than two-and-a-quarter hours in length. Audiences can also enjoy experiencing performance styles, costumes and music from the four corners of the world. "We want people to really listen to the language, even if they don't understand it," Bird said. "We hope they will enjoy hearing these familiar stories in an unfamiliar language." Tickets will be on sale to the public from October 17. The Globe to Globe festival starts April 23, William Shakespeare's birthday.
(CNN) -- A foreign minister clearly frustrated with some of his own countrymen has taken to Facebook to expose some of the stranger requests received by consular staff.|||"Can the government get involved if a Singaporean gets illegal sexual services overseas, but is not satisfied and wants a refund? The answer seems obvious," writes K. Shanmugam, the country's minster for foreign affairs, with an almost audible sigh. The exasperated minister went on to list other examples with the plea: "We have to draw the line between what is personal responsibility and what's not." Where to draw the line? Personal responsibility could include the lovelorn citizen who asked the foreign office to convince his girlfriend to marry him. And then there was the KFC customer who alleged racial discrimination over the size of his fried chicken. "He wanted MFA to investigate this instance and seek justice in that foreign country for the unfair treatment he claimed to have received. We told him we could not do that," the minister writes. Nor could the country help the Singaporean living in Indonesia who requested the foreign office help ship a computer ordered online from the United States. Singapore's consular officials handled 3,000 cases last year, filed by Singaporeans who made some seven million trips abroad. That number is dwarfed by the volume of requests received by larger countries including the United Kingdom, whose Foreign & Commonwealth Office (FCO) handled more than 52,000 cases the same year. It's not just Singaporeans. In what seems to have become an annual warning to potential time-wasters, the FCO released a list last May of some of its most misdirected queries. They include the man who asked consular staff in Rome to translate a phrase for his new tattoo, and a woman who complained about the poor quality of football boots "made in China." So bizarre were some of the requests made to the foreign office in Australia that it was suggested the country consider charging a fee for consular assistance. In a policy brief, "Consular Conundrum," published in March 2013, author Alex Oliver lays out the case for a charge, nothing that "expectations of what our diplomats can or should do for distressed travelers overseas are climbing, and in some cases becoming more unrealistic." According to the report, some of the stranger requests to the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) include: "Will the sand in Egypt upset my asthma?" and "Could DFAT feed my dogs while I'm away?" In the past, Canadian officials have also found the need to remind travelers of what they can and cannot do. In 2011, the then minister of foreign affairs Diana Ablonczy spelled it out in a press release:. "Consular officials CANNOT (her capitals): ask your mother-in-law to leave your house, purchase tickets for a musical or entertainment event, settle disputes between you and your partner (and), pickup your dog at the airport." You've been warned.
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- Somalis are so desperate to survive that attacks on merchant shipping in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean will not stop, a pirate leader promises.|||A French warship keeps guard over commerical vessels in the Gulf of Aden last week. "The pirates are living between life and death," said the pirate leader, identified by only one name, Boyah. "Who can stop them? Americans and British all put together cannot do anything." The interview with the pirate was conducted in late August by journalists employed by the Somali news organization Garowe Online. The complete interview was provided to CNN last week and provides a glimpse of why piracy has been so hard to control in the region. Recorded on grainy video, the interview took place in the Somali port city of Eyl, now a center of pirate operations. Eyl is on the east coast of Somalia in the autonomous territory of Puntland. It is a largely lawless zone, considered extremely dangerous for Westerners to enter. The Puntland government said two unidentified Western journalists were taken hostage Wednesday as they attempted to report on pirate activity. Boyah said that the piracy began because traditional coastal fishing became difficult after foreign fishing trawlers depleted local fish stocks. Traditional fishermen started attacking the trawlers until the trawler crews fought back with heavy weapons. The fishermen then turned to softer targets.  Watch why fishermen turned to piracy ». "We went into the deep ocean and hijacked the unarmed cargo ships," Boyah said. "For the past three years, we have not operated near the Somali coast. We have operated at least 80 miles [out], in international waters." When merchant shipping started avoiding the Somali coast, Boyah said, "we went to ships traveling other routes." Over the past year, the number of pirate attacks has increased dramatically. The International Maritime Bureau cites more than 90 pirate attacks off East Africa so far in 2008. When attacks are successful, the hijacked ships are taken to Somali waters, where the ships and crew are held until a ransom is paid.  See how pirate attacks have increased ». Ships recently captured include a massive Saudi supertanker laden with crude oil valued at more than $100 million and a freighter carrying Russian-built tanks. The hijackings have been profitable. Kenya's foreign minister, Moses Wetangula, estimates the pirates have been paid more than $150 million during the past year. One pirate gang wants $2 million dollars to release a Yemeni freighter and crew seized last week. Facing increasing disruptions through one of the busiest sea lanes in the world, several countries have sent warships to patrol the area. There have been reports of skirmishes between pirates and naval forces, but the military presence does not concern pirate leader Boyah. He boasts the pirates literally sail in a vast ocean beneath the radar of the warships.  Watch how piracy thrives off Somalia ». "No ship has the capability to see everything," he said. "A ship can see 80 miles or so [on radar]. It cannot see us at all. No one can do anything about it." Boyah said it is unlikely the Puntland regional government would ever crack down on piracy because government officials are involved in financing the piracy and collect a cut of the ransoms. "They motivate us. It's their money and their weapons," Boyah said. "Thirty percent belongs to them." The Puntland foreign minister, Ali Abdi Aware, denied government involvement with the pirates, including taking bribes. The minister cited the arrest of six pirates earlier this year as evidence it is acting to stop piracy. Pirate Boyah said he is unimpressed with the arrests by Puntland authorities. "The pirates are at sea and Puntland does not approach them. The pirates are on land and Puntland does not approach them," Boyah said. "They arrest some small people and tell the world that they captured pirates, but they are liars." While Boyah may have been outspoken about the government's ineffectiveness, he did not allow interviewers to show his face, an indication that even in this lawless country, pirates still have some fear.
(CNN) -- "Glee" star Cory Monteith died as a result of "a mixed drug toxicity, involving heroin and alcohol," the British Columbia Coroners Service said Tuesday.|||"At this point there is no evidence to suggest Mr. Monteith's death was anything other than a most-tragic accident," the coroners service said in a statement, adding that no further details were available pending a full investigation. Monteith, 31, was found dead Saturday in his room by staff members at Vancouver's Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel after he missed his checkout time. The actor spent time in rehab this year, checking into a drug addiction treatment facility in late March. Addiction: The disease that lies. Monteith had been frank about his struggles with substance abuse, telling Parade magazine in 2011 that he began using drugs at 13 and by 19 went into rehab after his mother and friends intervened. Monteith had been on Fox's hit musical comedy show since it began in 2009, playing the dim quarterback of the football team who is forced to join the glee club. After graduation, he comes back to town and helps direct a musical at the school. How will 'Glee' handle the death of Cory Monteith? Adam Shankman, who directed an episode for each of the past three seasons, told CNN's Poppy Harlow that he had talked to Monteith on Saturday morning. The actor said he wanted to come down to California to Jet Ski. Shankman described Monteith as the glue of "Glee." He was always welcoming, whether it was to a guest director or a new cast member, Shankman said. The actor knew all of his lines when filming began each time and would congratulate his fellow cast members when he thought they did well. "He showed up every day, and he was a delight," Shankman said. Offscreen, Monteith was dating co-star and on-screen love interest Lea Michele. Lea Michele on 'devastating' news of Monteith's death. He was madly in love with her, Shankman said. "He felt like it had renewed his spirit." Representatives for Michele issued a brief statement Monday saying the actress is "deeply grateful for all the love and support she has received from family, friends, and fans." "Since Cory's passing, Lea has been grieving alongside his family and making appropriate arrangements with them," the statement said. "They are supporting each other as they endure this profound loss together." People we lost in 2013. CNN's Steve Almasy and Amanda Watts contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In English soccer it is an offense that is taken as seriously as almost any other -- diving. And once again, it is controversial Liverpool striker Luis Suarez in the firing line.|||After their Premier League clash on Saturday, Stoke manager Tony Pulis called for the Uruguayan to be banned by the Football Association, for what he saw as Suarez's "embarrassing" attempt to win a penalty. It is not the first time Suarez has been accused of play acting but his manager Brendan Rodgers has launched an impassioned defense of his star player, claiming that coverage of his fall has overshadowed a stamping incident earlier in the match. Stoke's German defender Robert Huth appeared to tread on Suarez during a tangle at Anfield, leaving the striker with a stud mark on his chest, but the FA has decided not to take any action against the German. And through the club's official website, Rodgers has expressed his frustration that all the focus is on Suarez, and not Huth. "I find it incredible that in nearly all the coverage about Luis Suarez this weekend, very little focus has been placed on the fact that he was actually the victim of a stamping incident within the first five minutes of the game," said Rodgers. "At this moment there seems to be one set of rules for Luis and another set for everyone else." Pulis' Stoke team has a reputation as being one of the most physical sides in the English Premier League and only two weeks ago he labeled two Chelsea players "laughable" for what he saw as contrived attempts to win a penalty. The Welshman implored the authorities to clamp down on players who dive and told reporters a three-match ban would stop them from "falling over." "Suarez is a fantastic player with great ability," he added. "He is a handful and he is the one player we are frightened to death about. "What happens is that he puts enormous pressure on the referee. Every time he goes down, you have got 40,000-odd Liverpool supporters getting after the referee and I don't think that's right. It is a tough enough job as it is." Suarez has become one of the league's most talked about players since joining Liverpool from Dutch club Ajax in January 2011. He is also one of its most divisive. The 25-year-old was banned for eight Premier League matches after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra last year. His technical ability means he is always closely guarded by opposition teams, and Liverpool have complained in the past he doesn't get enough preotection from the officials. Rodgers thinks Saturday's incident with Huth is a perfect illustration of that. In the Liverpool manager's opinion, Suarez is being persecuted. He added: "Diving and simulation is obviously a wider issue in football and one that we all agree has to be eradicated from our game but there were other incidents this weekend that didn't seem to generate the same coverage. "No one should be distracted by the real issue here, both at Anfield and at another game played on Sunday, when Luis and another player were hurt in off-the-ball incidents that went unpunished but were caught on TV cameras. "I believe some people need to develop a sense of perspective and I also believe in this moment the vilification of Luis is both wrong and unfair."
(CNN)Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus, a Pentagon official said Tuesday.|||Speaking at a press conference, the head of U.S. Africa Command, Gen. David Rodriguez, said that while the majority of U.S. troops involved in the mission would not be exposed to the disease, those in mobile testing labs could have contact in that environment. "They're all trained at a very, very high level," Rodriguez told reporters of the lab personnel, who constitute a "separate, specialty element of the force." The Pentagon has sent three of these mobile labs to Liberia so far, and expects to send more in the coming months, according to Rodriguez. Each mobile lab is staffed by three or four service members, a fraction of the overall military presence in the country. Last week, Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters there was "no expectation" that U.S. troops would be "physically, geographically in a situation where that they should be exposed" to Ebola, though he admitted that risk to lab technicians is higher than the troops. On Tuesday, Rodriguez emphasized that, "the health and safety of the team supporting this mission is our priority." "We will do everything in our power to address and mitigate the potential risk to our service members, civilian employees, contractors and their families," he said. If a service member contracts Ebola while in Liberia, Rodriguez said they would be flown to the United States in a specially outfitted plane to a facility equipped to handle their case. Three American civilians who have so far contracted the disease while in West Africa were similarly evacuated. But the Pentagon insists they are taking all necessary precautions to keep personnel from becoming infected. Troops are completing special training before they deploy and will have to follow strict protocols in the field, which include frequent washing of hands and feet, as well as temperature-taking. They will also have to fill out questionnaires on their physical condition and any symptoms they might be experiencing. Up to 4,000 U.S. military personnel have been approved for deployment in this effort, which Gen. Rodriguez said would cost an estimated $750 million over a six month period.
(CNN) -- Two recent incidents have people questioning the basic goodness of humanity.|||In Washington, a man had a fatal heart attack across the street from a fire station. Passers-by said firefighters refused to help him because they hadn't been officially dispatched. At an elementary school in Salt Lake City, staff members seized and discarded children's lunches because their parents owed money on their accounts. (School administrators apologized.) Officials in Washington say they are "furious" at the firefighters' inaction. A mother of one of the students in Utah says she was "blind-sided" by the school's actions, and a state senator says he is "incredibly disappointed." The anger and bewilderment are understandable. But neither incident seems that shocking when considered in light of decades of study of the psychology of obedience and power. Researchers have repeatedly found that allegiance to rules and protocols routinely trumps people's consciences and sense of basic moral responsibility. Most famously, studies by Stanley Milgram at Yale University in the 1960s found that ordinary people were willing to give what they believed were fatal electric shocks to their partners in a bogus "memory experiment" simply because a researcher in a white lab coat told them to. The people supposedly getting shocked (who were working with Milgram and not being hurt at all) hollered and pleaded for the shocks to stop, which distressed many of the people administering them, but they kept at it. In fact, roughly two-thirds of the participants kept giving shocks until they had reached the highest voltage level possible, a percentage far higher than Milgram or any of his colleagues anticipated. In a similar vein, the infamous Stanford Prison Experiment run by psychologist Philip Zimbardo took typical Stanford University undergrads and randomly assigned them to be guards or prisoners in a makeshift jail. The guards completely took on their new roles and meted out cruel and sadistic treatment to their "prisoners." The authority they were given and the rules they were asked to enforce blinded them to what was right â€” and perhaps the same could be said for those school officials and firefighters. It's important to keep in mind that the participants in Milgram and Zimbardo's studies weren't necessarily bad people. They were likely no worse than you or me. They, too, were likely "blind-sided by the surprisingly strong ways that rules and circumstance can dictate our behavior. While we would like to believe that humanity has evolved since the 1960s, other researchers have achieved similar results in more recent years. Is the upshot of all this that we're condemned to be unprincipled sheep? That a few rules and regulations can easily blind us to the better angels of our nature? Not so fast. The research shows that while external influences on our behavior can be strong, they are not insurmountable. We can overcome these influences simply by becoming more aware of them. One set of studies found that when people attended social psychology lectures explaining how external pressures can inhibit moral behavior, they became less susceptible to those pressures. Other evidence suggests that being reminded of one's similarities or common humanity with a person in need can motivate us to come to their aid, even when doing so puts ourselves at risk. Perhaps if bystanders' appeals to those firefighters had struck a more personal chord with them, they might have been jarred into action. Finally, throughout history, we have seen examples of people who displayed great altruism, even heroism, while most everyone around them remained bystanders to evil â€” or perpetrators of it. Some evidence suggests that the roots of this caring behavior extend back into childhood. A seminal study by Samuel and Pearl Oliner suggests that one commonality of people who rescued Jews during the Holocaust was that their parents nurtured empathy in them, such as by encouraging them to see the world from other points of view and emphasizing the universal similarity of people. Indeed, the childhood roots of altruism were evoked by another story in the news this week: the story of 10-year-old Danny DiPietro, who noticed that something seemed awry in a neighbor's garage and pressured his mother to investigate. Despite his mother's resistance, Danny persisted until his mother agreed to walk down the street. She found an 80-year-old neighbor who had slipped, couldn't get up, and likely would have died had she spent much more time trapped outside in the freezing cold. Rather than remaining quiet or succumbing to the pressure not to make waves, Danny stayed attuned to his moral instinctsâ€”"something just didn't feel right," he said. Sometimes it's nice to be reminded that while sensing what's right can get complicated by adult rules and regulations, it can still come naturally to kids. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Marsh.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 42 years after Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard L. Etchberger died on a Laotian mountaintop, President Barack Obama on Tuesday awarded him the Medal of Honor,  saying,  "It's never too late to do the right thing.  It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families."|||Etchenberg's three sons were at the White House for the ceremony.  For decades they didn't know about their father's heroism. Cory Etchberger was in third grade in 1968, when he was told that his father had died in a helicopter accident in Southeast Asia.  At age 29 he learned the truth, when the U.S. Air Force declassified his father's story. "I was stunned," he told CNN during a visit to his hometown of Hamburg, Pennsylvania. During the Vietnam War, U.S. troops weren't supposed to be in neutral Laos, so Richard Etchberger and a handful of colleagues shed their uniforms and posed as civilians to run a top secret radar installation high on a Laotian cliff.  Called Lima Site 85, it guided U.S. bombers to sites in North Vietnam and parts of Laos under communist control. "Dick and his crew believed they could help turn the tide of the war, perhaps even end it," said Obama. The North Vietnamese wanted to eliminate the installation, and early on the morning of March 11, 1968, its soldiers succeeded in scaling the 3,000-foot precipice and launching an attack. Timothy Castle, of the CIA's Center for the Study of Intelligence, wrote the book "One Day Too Long: Top Secret Site 85 and the Bombing of North Vietnam."  He calls Etchberger "a hero." Castle said Etchberger, a technician, picked up an M-16 rifle, which he barely knew how to use, and ferociously protected his colleagues. One of them was Stanley Sliz. "I got hit in both legs," Sliz remembered, "and everybody was screaming and hollering, but they weren't able to get close because of Etch firing at them." John Daniel still has scars from the shrapnel wounds he got that day. "He (Etchberger) was the only one that didn't get injured in the firefight," Daniel recalled.  "They kept throwing grenades and shooting, and we kept picking up hand grenades and throwing them, or kicking them to the other side of the mountain." When a helicopter flown by CIA-affiliated Air America arrived to evacuate them, Etchberger braved enemy fire to load three wounded comrades, including Daniel and Sliz, onto hoists. "Thank God for Dick Etchberger.  If it wasn't for him, I would not be alive today," Daniel told CNN. Etchberger made it onto the chopper alive and unwounded.  But as it began to pull away, enemy shots rang out. Sliz said he saw a splotch of red, and realized the man who had saved his life had lost his own.  One round had hit Etchberger and killed him. "I live it every day," said Sliz.  "I live it every day.  It haunts me." President Obama said Etchberger "lived the airmen's creed -- to never leave an airman behind, to never falter, to never fail." Shortly after Etchberger's death, he was secretly awarded the Air Force Cross for bravery. He was recommended for the Medal of Honor, but then-President Lyndon Johnson rejected the idea, fearing it would expose the U.S. military's activities in Laos. A few years ago an airman who had never even known Etchberger wrote his congressman asking that the matter be reconsidered. Said Obama, "The greatest memorial of all to Dick Etchberger is the spirit that we feel here today, the love that inspired him to serve...the love for his country and love for his family." The president noted that the same love motivates troops serving today, "And as Americans, we remain worthy of their example...by remaining true to the values and freedoms for which they fight." CNN's Jim Spellman, Sara Weisfeldt and Floyd Yarmuth contributed to this report.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Get your dance shoes on. Korean singer Psy, who became a worldwide sensation with his smash hit "Gangnam Style," is making another attempt at a global phenomenon.|||He performs his sequel, "Gentleman," live for the first time Saturday, hoping to avoid the fate of other one-hit wonders. His video for "Gangnam Style" was the most viewed clip on YouTube with a staggering 1.5 billion views -- and growing. More than 50,000 fans are expected to pack Seoul's World Cup Stadium on Saturday to see "Gentleman," a performance that will be streamed live on YouTube. The concert comes against a backdrop of increasing tension in the region amid North Korea's belligerent rhetoric and nuclear threats. But it's business as usual for many in Seoul. Neither the government nor concert organizers are concerned about any additional security measures for such a massive gathering, and tickets have been selling fast. "The thought of danger never even occurred to me," said Seoul resident Sungoh Bang, who plans on attending the concert with a group of friends. "Gentleman" and "Psy" were two of the most searched for keywords on South Korea's biggest online portal, Naver, on Thursday, as Psy posted a snippet of his new dance. But fans and critics eager to see the rapper's new video in full will have to wait longer. "We wrapped the music video shoot on Tuesday, and its in the editing phase right now," YG Entertainment public relations representative Hwang Min-hee told CNN. "It's rather difficult to say when it will be released because we don't know how long the editing will take." The music video was produced by the same team behind "Gangnam Style," and will feature K-pop girl group member Ga-In of Brown Eyed Girls. The choreographer behind the famed horse dance also dreamed up the moves for "Gentleman." The real Gangnam Style: Beauty Belt, wedding town, 24-hour culture.
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.|||Heather Cho, who resigned from her post last week, may be in violation of aviation safety laws, the ministry said, after she ordered the Seoul-bound plane to turn back to the gate and that a flight attendant be removed all because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate in first class. Testimonies of crew members and passengers confirm that Cho used "violent language in a loud voice," which may not be compliant with an aviation safety law that requires cooperation of passengers on a flight, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport said in a press release. Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service, she was only a passenger on the flight and was not flying in an official capacity. Cho, whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah, will report to the prosecutor's office on Wednesday, as part of an ongoing investigation. The airline also faces possible disciplinary action from the government because of the captain's failure to command and supervise crew members to ensure the safe operation of the flight, said the ministry. Calling it quits. Cho resigned last week from the airline's catering and in-flight sales business, and from its cabin service and hotel business divisions, Korean Air said. But the 40-year-old kept her title as a vice president of the national carrier, according to company spokesman. The company chairman, Cho Yang-ho, who is also her father, publicly apologized for the incident, saying that she will resign from the vice president job and positions held in affiliate companies. Public outcry. The incident, which took place last week at New York's JFK airport, stirred anger among the South Korean public. "She was one of the passengers, not the vice president of Korean Air at that moment. I'm not sure what she was thinking, but it's likely she was bossy and acted above her position," Baek Ki-Jong, a South Korean resident, told CNN. "It was an abuse of power, and a wrong action to take," he said. Angered Internet users have condemned Cho for bringing about international embarrassment and shame to the country. They are calling for Korean Air to change its name to Hanjin Airlines in a petition on Agora, a popular Korean online discussion forum. Korean Air is owned by South Korea's large family-owned corporations, known as Hanjin. "Hanjin Group's 'Korean Air' is no longer a national company. They should not use 'Korea' in the name. As a citizen of Korea, I cannot allow the word Korea to be used," commented "Acorn", one user on the site. Despite the public outrage, the scandal has triggered an unexpected boon for some of Korea's online retailers. Booming sales. Sales for macadamia nuts have surged 20-fold over the past week on Gmarket, Korea's most popular online shopping site which is owned by eBay, said Lee, a company spokesperson who declined to give his full name. The round, white nuts have become the top two best sellers on another Korean online retailer, Coupang. One brand, Mauna Loa, sold out earlier but is now back in stock. Some Coupang users left comments on the site demanded that the nuts they ordered to be shipped and delivered on a plate, and not in a bag. READ MORE: The most annoying type of airline passenger is...
(CNN) -- Filmmaker Michael Moore, whose new documentary "Sicko" takes on America's health care system, faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta.|||Michael Moore and CNN's Sanjay Gupta argued Tuesday about Gupta's report on Moore's film "Sicko" Moore criticized a report Gupta did on CNN Monday on "Sicko." "He said the facts were fudged," Moore said, referring to Gupta, on CNN's "Larry King Live." "That's a lie. None of the facts are fudged." Moore and Gupta shouted and argued over data Gupta used and data Moore used. Moore said his staffers backed up the film's facts to Gupta before the report aired and that Gupta aired it knowing his facts were wrong. Gupta disputed that.  Watch Moore, Gupta make their points ». "We try and look for some of the best sources we can possibly find," he said. "Michael has a lot of different numbers. ... You're sort of cherry-picking data from different reports." Both agreed, however, on the basic premise of "Sicko": Problems abound in America's health-care system and need to be fixed. "I thought it was a good movie, and I wanted to say that," Gupta said. "I think it strikes at the irrefutable fact -- it's broken. We get it." He praised Moore for raising awareness of the issue. However, Gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as France and Canada have universal health care --suggests that health care in those countries is free. While patients may not pay for services at the doctor's office, they do pay high taxes to fund such a system, something Gupta said he was concerned that "Sicko" audiences might not realize. Moore responded by saying Americans pay more in copays, deductibles and insurance premiums. "We [America] have a system built on profit," the moviemaker said. He asked Gupta if the current system, which requires him to receive approval from an insurance company before performing some procedures, is cumbersome to him. "It's a shameful system, especially when I'm dealing with some of my patients," Gupta said. But he questioned Moore's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the Bush administration, which Moore fiercely criticized in the past, particularly in his film "Fahrenheit 9/11." "The government actually used to do things right," Moore said in response. "The problem is who we put in power." Moore has adamantly opposed the war in Iraq and said the government should reprioritize -- a position he took many years before skepticism of the war's success abounded in Washington. "I am sorry we've taken so much time trying to correct [Gupta's] facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue" -- the ailing health care system, Moore said. E-mail to a friend.
A single mom down on her luck was caught shoplifting at a Miami supermarket, but she didn't get hauled off to jail.|||Instead, the officer who responded to the call from the Publix supermarket last month did something that brought the suspect to tears. Jessica Robles told CNN affiliate WSVN she was desperate and had no money to pay for groceries for her daughter and two young sons. According to Miami-Dade Police, Robles walked out of the store in late September with a cart carrying $300 worth of groceries that she didn't pay for. When Officer Vicki Thomas asked Robles why she did it, the young mother said her children were hungry. Thomas looked at Robles' criminal history and didn't find any major charges, WSVN reported.  Instead of being taken into custody, Robles was issued a notice to appear in court and charged with a misdemeanor. When the officer asked if she had food at home, Robles said, "I looked at her in her face, and I told her, 'Not at all.'" Robles' 12-year-old daughter Anais described the family's dire situation to WSVN. Police officer goes above and beyond to rescue dog. It's "not fun," she said, "to see my brother in the dirt hungry, asking for food, and we have to tell him, 'There is nothing here.'" Thomas decided -- in addition to telling Robles about food banks, churches and other places she could get food -- she was going to help Robles and her family. "I made the decision to buy her some groceries because arresting her wasn't going to solve the problem with her children being hungry," she said. Thomas went back inside Publix and purchased $100 worth of groceries for the family. She told CNN on Tuesday she used her debit card. "I have done similar things before, and the people I work with have also done similar things," said Thomas, a 23-year police veteran. Seeing Robles' sons rummaging through the bags was more than reward enough for her act of generosity, Thomas told WSVN. Store rewards honest shoppers. "To see them go through the bags when we brought them in, it was like Christmas," she said. "That $100 to me was worth it." Robles said the family ran out of money after her boyfriend lost his job and a paperwork issue stopped the federal assistance they had been receiving. Thomas told Robles she was going to require one favor in return for the free groceries. "The only thing I asked of her is, when she gets on her feet, that she help someone else out," the officer said.  "And she said she would." Since the story came out, Thomas said she hadn't talked to Robles -- though she would like to -- but has been "overwhelmed with people thanking me," including some fellow officers. One man even called police offering to buy groceries for the family, she said. The officer said she's been most moved by the public gratitude of Anais, whom she did not meet that day. "Her 'thank you' touched me a great deal," Thomas said. "She was very sincere, and that made it all worthwhile." Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us'
(CNN) -- The Director's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees for 2014, and you can probably guess who made the cut.|||The DGA's list of five names is perfectly in sync with the handful of films that have been championed as top awards season contenders, from "American Hustle" to "12 Years A Slave." See special coverage of Awards Season 2014. So yes, Steve McQueen (who helmed "12 Years") and David O. Russell ("Hustle") are up for the honor of outstanding directorial achievement in 2013, along with Martin Scorsese ("The Wolf of Wall Street") and Alfonso CuarÃ³n ("Gravity"). Although Spike Jonze's "Her" has enjoyed exuberant praise from critics, he didn't make it into this group of nominees. The final director rounding out the DGA's list is Paul Greengrass, who led Tom Hanks' lauded adaptation, "Captain Phillips." "To be chosen by your peers in a year full of incredibly well-crafted films is the true marker of outstanding directorial achievement," said DGA President Paris Barclay, as he announced the nominees. "The passion and vision of each of the nominees resulted in tremendously diverse films that kept audiences mesmerized. Congratulations to each of the nominees on a job very well done." 2014 Awards tracker. The winner of the DGA award for achievement in feature film will be announced at the organization's 66th annual awards ceremony on January 25. "Glee" star Jane Lynch will host the event, which will be held in Los Angeles.
Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex. The rush of cold air it's  sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus. The gifts it brings, however, are chilling and generally unwelcome. Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures.|||CNN International senior meteorologist Brandon Miller answers a few pressing questions about this phenomenon. What is a polar vortex? What distinguishes it? The polar vortex, as it sounds, is circulation of strong, upper-level winds that normally surround the northern pole in a counterclockwise direction -- a polar low-pressure system.  These winds tend to keep the bitter cold air locked in the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere. It is not a single storm. On occasion, this vortex can become distorted and dip much farther south than you would normally find it, allowing cold air to spill southward. How frequently does this polar vortex distortion occur? The upper-level winds that make up the polar vortex change in intensity from time to time. When those winds decrease significantly, it can allow the vortex to become distorted, and the result is a jet stream that plunges deep into southern latitudes, bringing the cold, dense Arctic air spilling down with it. This oscillation is known as the Arctic Oscillation and it can switch from a positive phase to negative phase a few times per year. This oscillation -- namely the negative phase where the polar winds are weaker -- tends to lead to major cold air outbreaks in one or more regions of the planet. Where on Earth can this happen? The polar vortex can lead to major cold air outbreaks in any portion of the Northern Hemisphere -- North America, Europe and Asia. This will lead to cold snaps in multiple locations, though not always. How dangerous is a polar vortex distortion as compared to a tornado or hurricane? Completely different type of systems. A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread and lasts longer than a single storm. With the widespread drop in temperature, however, you can see significant winter storms develop, especially when the cold air is initially advancing into a previously warm region -- much like the nor'easter this past week. When was the last big one to hit a densely populated area? Serious cold snaps happen several times a year, though in different regions of the world and with different severities. Last March saw a significant decrease in temperature as a result of the polar vortex pushing into much of Europe. Many locations experienced an Easter holiday that was much colder than their Christmas holiday. The United Kingdom, for instance, had its coldest March in 50 years. If you get caught up in one, what should you do? Again, it's not a "storm" that you get caught in. But when faced with significant cold temperatures, you should stay inside whenever possible, layer clothing if you must be outside, winterize your home and car, etc. Is it a side effect of global warming and should we expect more events like this? This is a hotly researched topic. In short, yes, it could be. It seems counterintuitive that global warming could cause significant cold snaps like this one, but some research shows that it could. We know that different types of extreme weather can result from the overall warming of the planet, melting of the Arctic Sea ice, etc.  This includes extreme distortions of the jet stream, which can cause heat waves in summer and cold snaps in winter. Parts of Western Europe have been battered by the worst storms for two decades during the past week -- are they related to the weather system in the United States? They are related in a sense, but I wouldn't say "caused by." The storms in Europe are the result of a persistent pattern that has seen the jet stream parked near the United Kingdom and Ireland, which has brought a train of storm systems over the British Isles. This is the same jet stream, of course, that has plunged deep into the southern portions of the United States.  So, the jet stream has been "stuck" in a position that is allowing cold Arctic air to spill into much of the United States and Canada. But it is in a position that is bringing warmer, moist air from the Atlantic over Northwest Europe, resulting in the stormy conditions.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Good news arrived Thursday for "Fifty Shades of Grey" fans.|||Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. The news came one day after The Hollywood Reporter reported exclusively that the husband of EL James, author of the "Fifty Shades" trilogy, will write the script for the second film. Niall Leonard, who is married and has two sons with the British author, is an author himself, in addition to being a screenwriter. James, whose real name is Erika Leonard, has been credited with keeping a strong amount of creative control when it comes to Universal's adaptations of her books, the second of which is titled "Fifty Shades Darker." After clashing with James, Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel. Stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan are negotiating for more money for the sequel after the first film, release over Valentine's Day weekend of this year, earned a massive $568.8 million worldwide. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- First, there was "Flying While Muslim." This expression summed up the extra challenges of being an American Muslim when flying on commercial airlines.|||This situation has become almost accepted as part of the American Muslim experience. In fact, I have even comically offered advice to people in my community on how to avoid extra problems when they fly: "Dress white, make your flight. Dress brown, never leave town." But now there is something new: "Studying While Muslim." And there is nothing funny about it. Documents obtained by The Associated Press reveal that for the past few years, the New York Police Department has been engaged in the weekly surveillance of American Muslim college groups at 16 schools across the Northeast, including New York University, Yale, Rutgers and the University of Pennsylvania. (The NYPD has neither commented on the number of years that this surveillance was conducted nor if it's still happening.) As part of this secret program, the NYPD generated weekly reports about the Muslim student groups at these schools. They even set up an undercover "safe house" near the campus of Rutgers University to spy on students. Ironically, that operation ended when the building superintendent became suspicious and called the police thinking the NYPD officers were part of a terrorist cell. The NYPD also sent an undercover officer on a whitewater rafting trip organized by Muslim students at the City College of New York. The NYPD report indicates the students prayed four times a day and talked a lot about the nature of Islam. No mention if Muslims were good at whitewater rafting. On a personal note, in the past years, I have performed standup comedy at shows organized by the Muslim student groups at many of the colleges that were under surveillance. Is my name now in the counter-terrorism files of the NYPD? So why did the NYPD spend our tax dollars to engage in the weekly undercover surveillance of students at 16 colleges? Did the NYPD have evidence that students at each of the schools were a threat to America? Had the FBI warned the NYPD to be on the lookout for terrorists disguised as college students? Did the NYPD's research reveal that al Qaeda operatives love to go whitewater rafting? Nope. It was simply because these students were Muslim. Apparently, to the NYPD, being Muslim equals probable cause. No one should be surprised by this new revelation concerning the NYPD. After all, in late 2011, the AP also discovered that the NYPD had been engaged in secret programs -- created with assistance from the CIA -- to monitor American Muslims living in New York City at the places where they eat, shop and worship. Let's be brutally honest: If the NYPD were engaged in this type of widespread spying on any other religious, ethnic or racial group, the criticism would be deafening. However, because the case involves Muslims, the silence is deafening. There is simply no public outcry and little media coverage. If specific evidence indicated that an American Muslim -- or a person of any faith, for that matter -- were engaged in criminal activity, the police should vigilantly investigate that person. American Muslims are not asking for special rights, just the same rights as all other Americans. Freedom of religion is not just the freedom to pray. It also is the freedom to avoid being harassed or being treated less than American simply because of your faith. That is a bedrock principle of our nation. Authorizing the weekly surveillance of American Muslim students solely predicated on the fact that they are Muslim is wrong. It is profiling at its worst. But the issue of NYPD profiling appears to go beyond Muslims. As the New York Civil Liberties Union recently reported, in 2011 the NYPD detained 684,330 New Yorkers for questioning. Of those stopped, 59% were black, 26% were Latino and 9% were white. To put this in perspective, whites comprise 44% of New York City residents, but they make up only 9% of those stopped by the NYPD. But blacks -- who comprise 25% of New Yorkers --- represent 59% of those stopped and questioned by the NYPD. It appears that the use of skin color, ethnicity and religion as the basis for investigations is standard NYPD policy. That is both unconstitutional and morally wrong. NYPD Commissioner Raymond Kelly needs to make it clear that illegal profiling has no place in his department. If he does not, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg needs to replace him with someone who will respect the rights of all New Yorkers regardless of their race, ethnicity or religion. Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter. Join the conversation on Facebook. The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah.
(CNN) -- Chilean officials declared a "catastrophe" in eight municipalities Wednesday after heavy snow blanketed communities and blocked roads in what the nation's interior minister called a "white earthquake."|||"It has snowed more than ever," Curacautin Mayor Jorge Saquel told CNN Chile Tuesday. "This is an anomaly. ... This worries us because the meteorologists assure us that new snowstorms are coming." In the city of Lonquimay, officials said snow had piled more than 2.3 meters (7.5 feet) high. Interior Minister Rodrigo Hinzpeter on Wednesday called the situation a "white earthquake" and asked the country's military and public works officials to help citizens in some of the hardest-hit areas in the country's central Araucania region. "This storm is strong and it is likely that in the coming days we could suffer from more bad weather fronts, more heavy snowfall, that make the situation even worse," Hinzpeter said. "But of course when this occurs, our government will always be on the side of those who are suffering, using all the tools provided by our legal system." Authorities said they were sending trucks filled with food to the region, along with military helicopters to reach people in remote areas. More than 6,500 people remained isolated Wednesday in Lonquimay, a town with many living in outlying, rural areas, CNN Chile affiliate Universidad Autonoma Television reported. Earlier this week, local officials said federal assistance had not arrived quickly enough. "The settlers and people of Lonquimay are buried undered the snow. There are areas with more than 2.3 meters of snow and we have gone many days without being able to communicate with many of them," Lonquimay Mayor Guillermo Vasquez said in a statement Monday. "The emergency director promised us two bulldozers to clear the roads. We have people who are isolated. ... Touching the snow, it is like glass," Saquel told CNN Chile. "The machines and food should have arrived as soon as possible."
(CNN) -- Rifts within the Anglican Communion could widen after the archbishop of Canterbury, who has condemned the consecration of openly gay bishops, urged a diminished role Friday for the Episcopal Church.|||Earlier this month, a Los Angeles, California, diocese ordained the Rev. Mary Glasspool, the first openly gay bishop ordained in the church since 2004, when Gene Robinson took his post in New Hampshire. The U.S. church has been criticized by conservative factions for openly gay ordinations. Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the nominal head of Anglican Communion, shared his concern when Glasspool was consecrated, saying then that the move would further divide the 77 million-member worldwide denomination that includes the Episcopal Church in the United States. On Friday, he made an even stronger statement in a letter to the communion. "Our Anglican fellowship continues to experience painful division, and the events of recent months have not brought us nearer to full reconciliation," Williams wrote. "There are still things being done that the representative bodies of the Communion have repeatedly pleaded should not be done; and this leads to recrimination, confusion and bitterness all round. "It is clear that the official bodies of The Episcopal Church have felt in conscience that they cannot go along with what has been asked of them by others, and the consecration of Canon Mary Glasspool on May 15 has been a clear sign of this." Williams does not have the power to issue edicts like the pope, but he issued a five-page statement suggesting that provinces (such as the Episcopal Church) or national and regional churches that have broken agreed-upon "promises" should step down from participating in interfaith dialogues. He said they should also relinquish decision-making powers in a committee that deals with questions of doctrine and authority. Following Robinson's consecration, the communion leadership laid out three promises, or moratoria, according to the archbishop of Canterbury website:. -- No authorization of blessings services for same-sex unions. -- No consecrations of bishops living in same-sex relationships. -- No cross-border interventions (no bishop authorizing any ministry within the diocese of another bishop without explicit permission). Glasspool has been in an open same-sex relationship for 19 years, a violation of the moratoria. Robinson also was in a same-sex relationship at the time of his consecration. Conservative Anglicans have long called for Williams to punish the Episcopal Church by not inviting the church to the Lambeth Conference, a global meeting of Anglican leaders held every decade. Williams did not go far enough in his rebuke, a spokesman for a conservative Anglican group said Friday. Robert Lundy of the American Anglican Council said the Episcopal Church shouldn't be involved in any decision-making bodies within the Anglican Communion so long as it continues to ordain openly gay bishops and violate biblical teachings. Williams' statement only keeps the Episcopal Church off of certain committees within the communion, Lundy said. "He [Williams] knows he has to do something because he's under pressure from all sides," he said. "But unfortunately, the step he's taken in our view is not strong enough." Bishop Ian Douglas of the Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut called Williams' statement "significant" but "not as punitive as it might have been." He said it was an affirmation of the three moratoria, and he made clear that other churches, not just the U.S. Episcopal Church, will be affected for having broken promises as well. "Many churches across the Anglican Communion because of conscience or their belief in what the holy spirit is up to in their local context have lived beyond the moratoria," Douglas said. "While the moratoria are still before us, such actions do have some ramifications. ... If anything, I question the efficacy of the moratoria." He added, "It's another expression of how we're trying to live with our differences with integrity and not alienate one another. I'm still convinced there's so much more that unites us."
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The newly named lawyer for Michael Jackson's children makes her first court appearance Monday as a judge decides if he'll approve a contract between Jackson's estate and concert promoter AEG Live.|||Michael Jackson's estate will be the subject of a court hearing today. Jackson's mother, Katherine Jackson, who has custody of the three children, objected to provisions of the deal that would give AEG Live a share of rights to video of her son's final rehearsals. Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff appointed estate law expert Margaret Lodise last week to represent the children after he decided their interests might sometimes conflict with their grandmother's. Despite warnings by estate lawyers that a delay could cost millions of dollars, Beckloff delayed his decision on the AEG Live contract one week to give the children's new lawyer time to weigh in on the deal. The contract would provide for an exhibition of Jackson memorabilia that would travel to at least three cities, according to Kathy Jorrie, a lawyer for concert promoter AEG Live. "The longer we wait, the more time passes, frankly, the less interest there will be on the part of the public to come see it," Jorrie said. The judge has already approved a contract to allow Columbia Pictures to use video that AEG Live shot of Jackson's last rehearsals for a documentary due out this fall. Columbia is a division of Sony Pictures. Sony Pictures said it would deliver the movie -- "This Is It" -- to theaters starting October 30 "with the full support of the estate of Michael Jackson." Court papers filed last week revealed that Columbia Pictures would pay a minimum of $60 million for the rights to make the Jackson movie. Katherine Jackson's lawyers, while endorsing the movie deal, have objected to terms given to AEG, saying they are too generous to the company. Jackson's lawyers objected to the estate's agreement to let AEG recover all its expenses from that money, then take 10 percent of the remainder. It also gives the company a perpetual share of the profits from the video rights. AEG Live's lawyer said the company had made many concessions to the estate and could not make more. The judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over Katherine Jackson's objection. Jermaine Jackson, Michael Jackson's older brother, told CNN's Larry King recently that he likes the deals, which he said could bring in nearly $100 million into the estate. Katherine Jackson and Michael Jackson's three children are the main beneficiaries of the estate, which is controlled by Jackson's former lawyer, John Branca, and longtime Jackson friend and music executive John McClain. Branca and McClain were named in Jackson's will as executors. Katherine Jackson is considering a challenge of their control of the estate.
(CNN) -- North Korea's state news agency reported Friday that the country's Internet servers are subject to daily "intensive and persistent virus attacks" that the government blames on "hostile forces" including the United States.|||"It is nobody's secret that the U.S. and the South Korean puppet regime are massively bolstering up cyberforces in a bid to intensify the subversive activities and sabotages against the DPRK," according to the official KCNA report. "... They are seriously mistaken if they think they can quell the DPRK's voices of justice through such base acts. The U.S. and its allies should be held wholly accountable for the ensuing consequences." North Korea has been under intense international pressure since its third nuclear test earlier this year, which spurred the U.N. Security Council to approve tough new sanctions. Pyongyang threatened a possible "pre-emptive nuclear attack" earlier this month, and the official news agency reeled off agreements with South Korea that it said would no longer apply. Among them are its non-agression pacts with the South, which helped bring the Korean War to a close in 1953. Official: Cyberattacks, North Korea, jihadists groups top U.S. threats. Experts on the region and U.S. officials said the recent frenzy of ominous language from North Korea under its leader Kim Jong Un makes the situation on the Korean Peninsula more worrying and unpredictable. On Tuesday, U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testified to Congress that North Korea's development of a nuclear weapons program poses a "serious threat." While calling the developments "disturbing," KCNA's report Friday did not specify what damage -- if any -- the alleged cyberattacks had done in North Korea. It promised that Pyongyang "will never remain a passive onlooker," though it didn't indicate what the country might do about any cyberattack. U.S. Army Gen. James Thurman, commander of U.S. Forces Korea, said last spring that North Korea had its own "growing cyberwarfare capability." In a statement before a congressional hearing, he said such attacks "have been increasingly employed against a variety of targets, including military, governmental, educations, and commercial institutions."
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania judge Friday struck down a law requiring voters in the state to show photo identification at the polls, saying the requirement imposed "unreasonable burden" on voters and represented "a legislative disconnect from reality."|||State Judge Bernard McGinley's ruling comes nearly two years after civil and voters' rights groups challenged the law, which Gov. Tom Corbett signed in March 2012, that never went into effect because of the court case. "Voting laws are designed to assure a free and fair election; the Voter ID Law does not further this goal," McGinley said in his ruling. Joseph Cercaine, lead organizer of PA Voting Rights Coalition, called the ruling a victory for those who fought against what he called the hardships imposed by the requirements of Act 18, as the law is called. "The issue of voter ID has served to mobilize the electorate in PA about the issue of voting rights in general as well as the specific of the mandate of Act 18. So it's served a beneficial purpose in some ways but it really did threaten to put up barricades for many voters in PA that didn't have the required ID," he said. Cercaine said the law would have "cost a significant amount of money" for municipalities to implement, as well as for colleges and universities to change student IDs. "This is a tremendous relief," he said. Dale Ho, director of the American Civil Liberties Union Voting Rights Project, called the decision a "huge victory for democracy." "We are glad that the hundreds of thousands of voters that would have been disenfranchised by this law are no longer going to be affected had it gone into effect," he said. But David Almasi, executive director for the National Center for Public Policy Research, a Washington, D.C.-based group which backed the law, believes the issue will end up before the state's highest court. "We've seen places that this has been enforced like Georgia where this has been enacted and practiced and there has been an increase in minority voting," he said. "This law has never been given the opportunity to be in place in Pennsylvania. We have never seen the terrible things that they say will happen . ... People are burdened by a lot of things -- to go on an airplane, to go into a government building. It's something you need to have in the 21st century. People are signing up for Obamacare with IDs, why don't we require them for something as simple as voting." Pennsylvania was one of 31 states with some form of voter ID measure in place; and one of only a handful to require it to be a photo ID. Supporters contend the law would prevent voter fraud. But the judge wrote that there was "no evidence of the existence of in-person voter fraud in the state or that in-person voter fraud was likely to occur in the upcoming election." "Respondents also failed to establish a nexus between photo identification -- showing voters are who they say they are, and the integrity of elections -- when prior elections accepted a number of types of proof to verify identify," McGinley wrote. "The burdens the Voter ID Law entails are unnecessary and not narrowly tailored to serve a compelling governmental interest. And the record is rife with testimony from numerous Pennsylvania voters whose right to vote will be -- and indeed already has been -- denied or substantially and unnecessarily burdened by the Voter ID law." The controversial law has languished in a legal limbo since Corbett, a Republican, signed it in March 2012. Corbett's office has not returned calls seeking comment.
(CNN) -- A newly found pharaoh's tomb in Egypt has historians scrambling to rewrite the chronicles of the ancient kings of the Nile.|||Researchers with the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology recently discovered intricate and vibrantly colored pictures in the tombs of Abydos in the Egyptian desert, and what they read in the pictographs astounded them. The team leader found the name of a previously unknown pharaoh who ruled the area 3,600 years ago, and the first proof of the suspected but shadowy Abydos Dynasty. Josef Wegner, working with the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities, discovered a previously looted tomb that unusually still had its pictures and writing in tact. The pharaoh's name is Woseribre Senebkay, described as the "king of upper and lower Egypt." "It's exciting to find not just the tomb of one previously unknown pharaoh, but the necropolis of an entire forgotten dynasty," Wegner said in a statement from the Penn Museum, where he is associate curator in the Egypt Section. Tomb raiders had looted the chambers of any valuable gold and left the bones of the pharaoh's mummy scattered about. That gave the team the opportunity to reassemble most of the body, along with his funeral mask. It turns out Woseribre Senebkay was 5 feet, 9 inches tall and died some time in his mid-40s, the team determined. The discovery shows that during a fractured period of time around 1600 B.C. during which the north and south of the Nile were split into rival kingdoms, there was a middle kingdom that may have survived for several generations. Wegner suspects there will be much more evidence to uncover at the sprawling site buried under the hot Egyptian sand. "Continued work in the royal tombs of the Abydos Dynasty promises to shed new light on the political history and society of an important but poorly understood era of Ancient Egypt," said Wegner. Tomb of ancient Egypt's beer maker to the gods of the dead discovered. Space archaeologist unlocks secrets of ancient civilizations. Mystery surrounds Egyptian sphinx unearthed in Israel.
(CNN) -- The European Union imposed a ban Friday on the import of Syrian oil, the latest diplomatic move against Bashar al-Assad's embattled regime.|||"The prohibition concerns purchase, import and transport of oil and other petroleum products from Syria. No financial or insurance services may be provided for such transactions," the European Council said in a statement issued in Brussels, Belgium. The action was expected. The EU has been a top market for Syrian oil, and the group said it intended to make the move which will have a detrimental impact on the Syrian government's oil revenues. The organization also added four more Syrians and three entities to a list of those targeted by an asset freeze and a travel ban. But there is an exemption to the asset freeze for humanitarian purposes. World powers have been bearing down on the al-Assad regime because of the government's ferocious crackdown against peaceful protesters for nearly six months. Security forces opened fire on demonstrators on Friday and activist groups reported deaths. The Local Coordination Committees of Syria counted 18 deaths. Demonstrations occurred in Daraa, Damascus and Homs provinces. The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said three law-enforcement members and four gunmen were killed in clashes. SANA said "armed terrorist groups" killed the security forces in the Damascus and Homs countryside. The gunmen also died in those areas, it said. The government says the armed groups are responsible for the bloodshed, while demonstrators blame the deaths on military and security forces. CNN is not able to independently verify the accounts because of Syrian limitations on reporting.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers.|||Lebanon's southern border with Israel (VBS.TV) -- Deposited along Lebanon's southern border with Israel are vast numbers of American-made cluster bombs buried beneath the grasses of the region's valleys. Originally used by the Israeli military to combat Hezbollah forces firing rockets across the border, the bombs impacted in the soil were being ferreted out by a small U.N. team from the French battalion. Eddy Moretti, VBS's creative director, and a small film crew donned camouflaged PPO -- protective personal equipment -- and tagged along on one of their minesweeping missions in October 2007. We were brought first to an abandoned soccer field. Yellow rope was strung around the field and the surrounding forest, indicating areas that had already been cleared. One soldier stood over a patch of grass and a small pile of scrap metal. "This morning, we started here at 6:00. Two hours later," he said, pointing to a the yellow rope four feet farther into the forest, "we are here." The team estimates that it has scanned about 18 percent of the area that the Israeli army blanketed in cluster bombs during the conflicts with Hezbollah. Every time a single bomb is launched, it releases dozens of submunitions that fall across the landscape, many of which fail to detonate and now cover about 12,500 square meters of the region. By the time we met up with the team, it had retrieved 53 submunitions. They believe that approximately 1 million of the parent bombs are hidden in Lebanon's southern valleys alone. Procedurally, the task is daunting: Inch by inch, they push forward, chopping the long grasses with garden shears to increase ground visibility and then running over the area slowly with minesweepers. The minesweepers are handheld devices that look like typical metal detectors, emitting a variety of high-pitched whines that vary depending on the density of the ground. This day, the team pushed on together slowly, sensitive to each of the various frequencies and graciously telling us as soon as they found something. By the end of the afternoon, they had unearthed a single submunition -- not a bad haul by any stretch. It was a 155-millimeter explosive about the size of a fist. This represents just one of 88 submunitions that are held inside each American-made cluster bomb. The team detonated the explosive, surrounding it with sandbags and standing a safe distance away. After the explosion, Eddy surveyed a large hunk of detonated submunition: "Two lives saved?" The French U.N. team leader nodded. "Yes, two lives. Or two legs." See more of this story at VBS.TV.
Quito, Ecuador (CNN) -- Voters in Ecuador might have a chance to weigh in on a high-profile case of sibling rivalry.|||Fabricio Correa, 52, filed paperwork to register a new political party Wednesday. His aim, he said, is to defeat his younger brother, incumbent President Rafael Correa, in elections next year. "There is no legal security. There is too much corruption. Today, drugs are rampant. Crime has doubled. There is no investment. There are no jobs. The number of poor people has increased 50%," Fabricio Correa told CNN en EspaÃ±ol on Wednesday. Court ruling in a libel case a victory for Rafael Correa. Ecuadorian government officials declined to comment on those accusations. The spat between the two brothers has played out publicly for years, with each accusing the other of corruption. "The Big Brother," a book published by two journalists in 2010, has fueled the feud. The investigation alleged that companies connected with Fabricio Correa had received preferential treatment, with more than $167 million in government contracts. The president denied that he knew about the contracts, called them unethical and terminated them. He also filed a libel lawsuit against the journalists who wrote "The Big Brother," but he pardoned them earlier this year. Fabricio Correa has contended that the contracts were terminated because one company, Cosurca, refused to pay a $1.5 million bribe to the government. On Wednesday, he repeated criticisms of his 48-year-old brother and other government officials. "I have been taking care of my younger brother since he was little, and I have always know that he was like this. I thought that he had matured, and maybe he had, but the drug of power is very powerful, and even worse when he is surrounded by a perverse circle," Fabricio Correa said. While the elder Correa has become a vocal member of Ecuador's opposition, one political analyst said critics must do more to find common ground among opponents of the current administration. "The opposition has not been able to assemble an appropriate team and create a unified party that can oppose Rafael Correa," analyst Vladimir Serrano said. Looking toward the 2013 presidential elections, Fabricio Correa said Wednesday that ideology would not be an obstacle for him to gain supporters from different political backgrounds. "I am like an archer. I stand in the center, and if they throw me one way, I fly to the right, and if they throw me to the other side, I fly to the left," he said. Fabricio Correa said Wednesday that he had filed more than 200,000 signatures with election authorities Wednesday requesting approval for his political party, known as EQUIPO (the Spanish word for team) -- which he said stands for equality, progress and order. Election authorities have a month to evaluate the application.
(CNN) -- The global appeal of football can hardly be doubted. It is said the membership of ruling body FIFA exceeds that of the number of member countries in the United Nations.|||Furthermore, football is attributed the status of being one of only two entities that are truly global languages. Music is the other. The passion of this sport has been known to halt armed conflicts and to unite rivals, all for the good of the "Beautiful Game." I venture that there is nothing within the sphere of the human social arena that can transcend or perhaps even challenge the passion and fixation associated with this truly global sport. More than a kick in the universal grass, football is a script that translates without interpretation, that amends without severe changes, that entertains an informed audience, and pleasures even the most casual and naive observer merely through its grace and simplicity. Aside from its widespread appeal and acceptability, football provides opportunities for personal development, social exposure and travel. It is a tool for product marketing and even tourism. It is participatory with no regard to social and economic status. The impact of this great and wonderful sport is evidenced in the excitement of the pauper and through the accolades from the palaces of the royal fans. It is because of all these things, and more, that the "Beautiful Game" deserves to be respected, preserved and immortalized. Arguably those players and administrators who have emerged as notables should be lionized; some may even revere them as icons and deified gods. I will not lend myself to such lofty thinking. I am a mere lover of the "Beautiful Game" -- one who has trotted through the athletic portals and has been blessed to perform on its many green expanses. Discipline is integral to successfully achieving in this sport. Discipline to get there, discipline to maintain your performance, and discipline to sustain your humbleness as the benefits accrue. There is even the element of self-discipline to accept when your role alters, and to accept that neither you nor anyone else is bigger than the "Game." Challenges have always been present in this sport, and although some have mutated over time as the game became more global, others remain problematic. Perhaps it is symptomatic of modern society that despite the diversity of practitioners and the potpourri of fans, the ugliness of racism seeps through. Is it so ominous that we should shudder in fear? Is it so idiotic that we can attempt to minimize it by not diverting great resources towards its eradication? After all it is only the ignorant and the inebriated that dare spoil this pristine scene. I offer this explanation: The "Beautiful Game" is not immune from the variances and the often pejorative behaviors that inculcate the minds of many in our community. The same unpredictability that causes people to riot at an event celebrating Gandhi or Martin Luther King Jr. -- the same mob mentality that sends fans crashing and burning all in their paths after their favorite team has triumphed in some distinguished competition -- is the same uncontrollable factor that leads to much of the racial abuse. We can do much in terms of our formal response. We can be infinitely creative in proactive initiatives. However, what has never been done -- and what will never be accomplished -- is to legislate an attitude. The hallowed sanctums of the "Beautiful Game" will survive because it is the "Beautiful Game." It is neither the cause nor the panacea of society's ills. It is an avenue that has shown that it offers resiliency and relief come what may. Respect it, enjoy it and it serves us well.
(WIRED) -- It seems impossible for Apple to put a decent camera into anything but the iPhone, and despite many hopes, both cameras in the iPad 2 are about as rudimentary as you could get without having to load a roll of film in there.|||In fact, the iPad 2's camera has more in common with the low-res camera in the iPod Touch than it does to the rather excellent one in the iPhone 4. WIRED: iPhone 3GS camera doesn't suck. The specs for the iPad's rear-facing camera only lists one number: 720p. That should mean 1280 x 720 pixels, which gives a megapixel figure of 0.92, clearly useless for stills. However, flip over to the iPod Touch camera specs and we see the following: "HD (720p) up to 30 frames per second with audio; still photos (960 x 720) with back camera." Yes, the Touch shoots stills at an even lower resolution than video, most likely because the wide-screen movie format is squared-off to shoot stills. The stills it produces are just shy of 0.7 megapixels, or about the same resolution as an early 1990s-era digital camera. WIRED: Hands-on with Apple's skinnier, faster iPad 2. It's extremely likely that the iPad 2 and the iPod Touch share the exact same camera (although we won't know for sure until iFixit tears one open to see). It seems that it will be fine for movies, and bad for photos. Then again, with the camera connection kit you can always just import images from a real camera. And for taking notes, snapping menus or grabbing pictures before grunging them up and sending them off to Instagram, it'll do the trick. WIRED: Why the iPhone 4 camera is so promising. Still, for a device that costs a minimum of $500, it would be nice to have a better image sensor, rather than these bottom-of-the-barrel ones Apple insists on using. Will we ever get one? It's starting to look rather doubtful. Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2011 Wired.com.
FACETIME: Ferit Sahenk, Chairman,   Dogus Holding.|||One country that has tapped into Russia's market of 142 million consumers is Turkey's Garanti Bank. With operations in the country since the early 1990s, Marketplace Middle East sat down with Ferit Sahenk the CEO of the bank and chairman of its parent company Dogus Holding and asked him about doing business in Russia. IN FOCUS: Arab-Russian Ties. Historically ties between Russia and the Middle East have been largely focused on the political sphere, but this week Marketplace Middle East finds out how the region has the potential to warm up with the Siberian economy. Showtimes Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times (all GMT):  Fridays: 0845, 1645,  Saturdays: 0615,  Sundays: 0515, 1745,  Mondays: 0045.
(CNN) -- Six Chinese Communist Party investigators have been sentenced to between four and 14 years in jail after they drowned a local official during a botched interrogation that has shone light on China's secretive extrajudicial processes.|||Cheng Wenjie, the deputy director of the Commission for Discipline Inspection in the eastern city of Wenzhou, received the longest sentence of the six for his role in the death of Yu Qiyi, according to a copy of the court verdict given to CNN by the victim's wife. All the defendants pleaded guilty. Yu, 41, the chief engineer at a state-owned company in the same city, died at a local hospital on April 9, a month after being detained over his role in a land deal. After early interrogations failed to yield any admission of guilt, Cheng summoned other investigators April 8 and ordered Yu to strip naked and sit in a bathtub filled with icy water. At Cheng's behest, three other investigators-- Li Xiang, Nan Yu and Gu Chenfu -- grabbed his neck, arms and legs and held him under the water. The two other defendants -- Wu Zhiwei and Zhang Fangchao -- entered the room later the same evening, the verdict said. When Cheng left he told his subordinates: "I'm leaving now; you all have fun with it." Yu was sent to hospital an hour later and died at 3am the next day, the verdict, which has not been officially released, said. The court said that the six interrogators attempted to drown Yu in order to force him to admit that he had violated the law. Yu's wife, Wu Qian, told CNN the sentences handed down were not long enough, adding that many important facts about the case had not been aired in court. She said she wanted to plan for her late husband's funeral but the Commission for Discipline Inspection had not returned his remains. Wu Pengbin, a lawyer acting on behalf of the deceased man, said that he had heard the six defendants had appealed their sentences as they believed they were too harsh. Yu was placed under investigation as part of a secretive process known as shanggui or dual designation that allows for Communist Party members to be detained and interrogated by Party investigators. It is based on the Party's own regulations rather than laws and procedures, making it even less transparent than China's judicial system. Legal experts view the prosecution of Yu's interrogators as a step forward but say that the key to preventing similar abuses is to address the root cause of his death - the rarely publicized shanggui system. "The six investigators arrested were mere scapegoats," Pu Zhiqiang, one of the lawyers representing the Yu family, told CNN in September. "Shuanggui is an illegal process -- abuse and torture during interrogation have become standard operating procedure." With reporting by CNN's Beijing bureau.
(CNN) -- Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio said Tuesday he shrugged off reports of a $1 million bounty on his head by Mexican drug cartels, saying this is not the first -- nor the largest.|||Arpaio, who calls himself "America's toughest sheriff," told CNN he had a $5 million bounty on his head when he worked for the Drug Enforcement Administration in Mexico. "It's nothing new," Arpaio said on CNN's "American Morning." "It's part of my job. They keep coming after me." Maricopa County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Lisa Allen said Monday that authorities are investigating the threat, which came in the form of a text message from a throwaway cell phone in Mexico. Allen said that the message was sent to a "text message tree," similar to a phone tree. The message offered $1 million to anyone who could kill Arpaio. She said investigators "don't know how likely it is" they will be able to track down the sender. It was not clear how the threat came to light. Allen said the FBI is assisting in the probe, but FBI special agent Manuel Johnson, a spokesman for the bureau's Phoenix office, said the agency is aware of the reported threat but he knows of no federal investigation. Johnson said the bureau would help if Arpaio's office requested assistance. Arpaio is well-known for creating a tent city jail in the Arizona desert, providing pink underwear for inmates and bragging that he spends more to feed his dog than a prisoner in his jail. He made national headlines for his tough enforcement of Arizona's anti-illegal immigration laws and for his outspoken support for a new state immigration law, parts of which were blocked by a federal judge last week. His critics say he has a long history of abusing his power and launching bogus criminal investigations against political opponents. Those critics note that while the probes were launched with great public fanfare, they rarely resulted in convictions. A federal grand jury is probing the complaints, but Arpaio's allies have defended the investigations as necessary. The 78-year-old sheriff, who has been the chief law enforcement officer for the county that includes Phoenix and many of its suburbs since 1992, would not discuss the issue with CNN in a July interview, citing the federal probe. Arpaio was elected Maricopa County sheriff in 1992 and has been re-elected every four years since. He served for 32 years in federal law enforcement before then, ultimately becoming head of the DEA's Arizona office. Speaking Tuesday on "American Morning," Arpaio said the latest threats come with the job. "It's part of my work," he said. "I do my job. Nothing changes."
(CNN) -- Passengers on the US Airways flight that crash-landed into the Hudson River Thursday afternoon praised the actions and courage of the pilot, a safety consultant with 40 years of experience in the aviation industry.|||Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger, a former Air Force fighter pilot, has been with US Airways since 1980. Sources tell CNN that Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger was piloting US Airways flight 1549 from New York's LaGuardia airport to Charlotte, North Carolina, when at least one of the plane's engines failed. Passenger Jeff Kolodjay offered "kudos" to Sullenberger for a landing that minimized damage to the aircraft and its 155 passengers and crew. "All of a sudden the captain came on and he told us to brace ourselves and probably brace ourselves pretty hard. But he did an amazing job -- kudos to him on that landing," said Kolodjay, who was sitting in seat 22A. Sullenberger's wife told CNN that she was stunned to hear the news from her husband after it was all over. "I hadn't been watching the news. I've heard Sully say to people, 'It's rare for an airline pilot to have an incident in their career,' " said Lori Sullenberger of Danville, California. "When he called me he said, 'There's been an accident.' At first I thought it was something minor, but then he told me the circumstances and my body started shaking and I rushed to get our daughters out of school." US Airways said all 155 passengers and crew are alive and safely off the plane. The crash-landing has also earned the former fighter pilot and private safety consultant accolades from state and government officials. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg commended the pilot for not leaving the plane without checking to make sure every passenger had been evacuated. "It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out," Bloomberg said at a press conference Thursday. "I had a long conversation with the pilot. He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board -- and assures us there was not." Sullenberger apparently was forced to make an emergency landing after geese were sucked into one or both of the jet's engines. An eyewitness working on the west side of Manhattan said the belly of the plane touched the water first. An official who heard tape recordings of the radio traffic from Flight 1549 reported the pilot was extraordinarily calm during the event. "There was no panic, no hysterics," the official said. "It was professional, it was calm, it was methodical. It was everything you hoped it could be." The pilot and air traffic controller discussed options, including landing at Teterboro airport in New Jersey, the official said. Then there was a "period of time where there was no communications back, and I'm assuming he was concentrating on more important things." Sullenberger's background in aviation appeared to have prepared him for such a situation. He has been a pilot with US Airways since 1980, following seven years in the U.S. Air Force. His resume -- posted on the Web site for his safety consulting firm, Safety Reliability Methods, Inc. -- lists piloting procedures, technical safety strategies, emergency management and operations improvement, as areas of industry expertise. He served as an instructor and Air Line Pilots Association safety chairman, accident investigator and national technical committee member, according to a biography on the site. He participated in several USAF and National Transportation Safety Board accident investigations, and worked with NASA scientists on a paper on error and aviation, his site says. For the passengers on flight 1549, Sullenberger's skill and expertise were apparent. iReport.com: Did you see the crash-landing? Send images. "I've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing," said passenger Fred Berretta said. Berretta was sitting in seat 16A right over one of the engines when it failed and the pilot turned the plane to align it with the Hudson River. He described silence in the plane as the passengers waited to hear from the crew. A few moments later, the direction to brace for landing came. "It was an amazing piece of airmanship," said Peter Goelz, a former NTSB managing director.
(CNN) -- A person's risk of stroke is associated with the number of fast-food restaurants near their residence, according to a study presented Thursday at a stroke conference in San Diego, California.|||Fast-food restaurants may be associated with stroke risk, a new study says. Some say there's not enough evidence. Researchers led by Dr. Lewis B. Morgenstern at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor counted 1,247 strokes caused by blood clots in 64 census tracts in Nueces County, Texas, which includes Corpus Christi, from January 2000 through June 2003. They also mapped the county's 262 fast-food restaurants and then adjusted for socioeconomic status and demographics and found a statistically significant association. "The association suggested that the risk of stroke in a neighborhood increased by 1 percent for every fast-food restaurant," the authors wrote in a poster presented at the American Stroke Association's International Stroke Conference. Residents of neighborhoods in the 75th percentile of fast-food restaurants had a 6 percent increased risk of stroke compared with residents of the 25th percentile of such eateries, according to the study, which was paid for by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. Morgenstern, director of the University of Michigan's stroke program and professor of neurology and epidemiology, warned that the finding does not prove that proximity to fast-food restaurants caused the increase in strokes of people living nearby.  Watch more on the link between fast food restaurants and stroke ». "What we don't know is whether fast food actually increased the risk because of its contents or whether fast-food restaurants are a marker of unhealthy neighborhoods," he said. Still, he added, "If this association is causal, the findings have large public health importance due to the high prevalence of fast-food restaurants." A spokeswoman for the National Restaurant Association lambasted that concern as unsupported by the data. "This article is seriously flawed and by its own admission shows no correlation whatsoever between dining at chain restaurants and incidence of stroke," Beth Johnson said. "Further, it tells us nothing about the eating and exercise habits of the individuals involved. The restaurant industry continues to offer a growing number of healthier offerings, move away from the use of trans fats and provide more nutrition information. "In fact, the National Restaurant Association strongly supports a national, uniform approach to providing detailed nutrition information in chain restaurants. Constructive and responsive measures like these, and not misleading studies, will help consumers make healthy choices for themselves and their families," she added.
|||
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "my name back" after he was identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.|||Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. says neither he nor any emissaries offered favors in exchange for a Senate appointment. Jackson, the son of famed civil rights leader Jesse Jackson and a six-term Democratic congressman from Chicago, had publicly sought to succeed President-elect Barack Obama in the U.S. Senate. Jackson had talked to Blagojevich, the person with the sole power to make the appointment, on Monday, just one day before federal agents arrested the Illinois governor. Jackson said he only presented his credentials and polling information that suggests he could win re-election in 2010. Jackson said he had fought corruption "since day one" but said he could not serve as Illinois senator until his name was cleared in the public eye. "While I would be honored to serve the people of this state, it is clear to me that I am in no capacity to serve them if there is a cloud over my head that seems to suggest that I am involved in some unscrupulous scheme to be a United States senator or anything else," Jackson told CNN's Don Lemon. Prosecutors accuse Blagojevich of selling the Senate seat in exchange for campaign contributions and other favors. However, they did not accuse Jackson or any of the other candidates referred to in the complaint of wrongdoing. Jackson denied participating in the "pay to play" politics that Blagojevich is accused of in a federal criminal complaint. Jackson also said he was eager to talk to U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald about his role. "When it's over, I want everyone to know that I want my name back. ... I'm fighting now for my character, and I'm also fighting for my life," he said. "This is about my children being able to Google their name in five years and there be nothing there associated with them that suggests anything wrong."  Watch Jackson say he wants his name back ». Jackson said he does not understand why Blagojevich believed he would trade favors in exchange for an appointment to the Senate, saying he had "nothing to offer but my record of public service." He also said he did not send an emissary -- including his father or his brother, Jonathan -- to Blagojevich offering favors. "When the facts become clear ... I think the American people will recognize that the governor of our state is a little different," he said.  Watch Jackson question the governor's mental capacity ». Jackson said it is wrong for politicians to believe they can gain personally as a result of holding public office. "I think that there is a disconnect between public service and private sacrifice. ... If for one moment you think that public service is also private gain, then you are trampling on very, very unsteady ground that is likely to force you and good people with good names in a very different process," he said. CNN's Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- With the posting of 400,000 classified documents from the Iraq war, WikiLeaks has shown a much heavier hand redacting compared to its previous publication of documents.|||After the leak in July of more than 70,000 Afghanistan War documents, the website was heavily criticized by the U.S. government, the military and human rights groups for failing to redact names of civilians in the documents, putting them at risk of retaliation by the Taliban. Pentagon officials had warned that it had similar concerns of exposure of Iraqi names. After the publication Friday, Press Secretary Geoff Morrell told CNN's "John King, USA" the military was in the process of notifying some 300 Iraqis whose names were in the documents. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told CNN's Atika Shubert the site was more "vigorous" this time compared to the Afghanistan process. But concerns of exposing civilians to harm did not seem to be the motivation. "In this case we have taken an even more vigorous approach than we took in relation of the Afghan material, not because we believe that approach was particularly lacking [but] rather just to prevent those sort of distractions from the serious content by people who would like to try and distract from the message," Assange said. An initial comparison of a few documents redacted by WikiLeaks to the same documents released by the Department of Defense shows that WikiLeaks removed more information from the documents than the Pentagon. CNN accessed the Department of Defense versions from the official U.S. Central Command website, where it posts items that have been released under the Freedom of Information Act. The first incident examined by CNN was the case of a car that drove toward a group of soldiers moving on foot through Tall Afar on January 18, 2005. The version of the "significant action" (SIGACTS) report released by the Pentagon said the unit involved was the A/1-5 and it was a patrol (abbreviated PTL). When the car failed to stop after a single warning shot, the patrol "engaged the car" and killed two civilians. The same document released Friday by WikiLeaks does not include the unit, the A/1-5, or that its members were on a patrol. In a summary of the incident, WikiLeaks redacted the number of killed civilians, but the accompanying narrative included the number. The second incident examined by CNN involved a car that approached a vehicle checkpoint near a bridge ten miles north of Al Qaim on May 9, 2005. The Pentagon version of the report says in part that the incident happened "10KM NE of Al Qaim. The sedan ran over berms built on the road (with heavy equipment) to warn and slow oncoming traffic. Warning shots to deck at 125m; to engine block at 100m." But WikiLeaks removed any mention of Al Qaim, a town in western Iraq near Syria. It also removed the word "berms" and at what distance the car deck and then engine block were targeted before the people in the car were shot. It also removed details on the death of one civilian and the wounding of another, which the Defense Department did release. Even with redaction, the Pentagon is critical of the documents' release, saying the site had no right to publish and is not equipped to understand what information is harmful. "The problem we have with WikiLeaks, it goes beyond just taking out names of people," Col. David Lapan, a top Pentagon spokesman said Friday before WikiLeaks released the documents. "There are lots of other types of information that we've described that could be damaging that go beyond names and they wouldn't have the expertise to know what those are." Morrell reiterated that point later in the day. "They are not experts about how to redact in a way that protects American forces," Morrell said on "John King, USA." "Classified documents should not be in the public domain. At least not willy-nilly like this." The big concern, Morrell said, is that the documents provide insights into "patterns of behavior, our tactics, our techniques and our procedures."
(CNN) -- Many celebrities have taken part in the CNN Heroes campaign and attended the annual "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" shows. Here, we reach out to some of them and learn about the ways they've chosen to get involved and give back.|||Common Hip-hop artist Common wants to create a supportive community for youths on Chicago's South Side. The Grammy Award winner started the Common Ground Foundation to help underserved youth develop leadership and life skills. Common's story  | Q&A. Wynonna Judd Country music star Wynonna Judd is a supporter of the Wounded Warrior Project, an organization that helps injured service members and their families. Judd's story  | Q&A. Rainn Wilson Actor Rainn Wilson is dedicated to improving the lives of young people around the world. The star of "The Office" works with the Mona Foundation, which supports educational initiatives for children in developing countries. He is also involved with Planting Peace and its program to deworm children in Haiti. Wilson's story  | Q&A. Gary Sinise Actor-director Gary Sinise has touched the lives of thousands of U.S. service members. Sinise often travels overseas to honor and entertain the troops with his Lt. Dan Band, and his Gary Sinise Foundation helps support them when they return home. Sinise's story  | Q&A. Kristin Davis Actress Kristin Davis is an ambassador for Oxfam, an international alliance of 15 organizations striving to find lasting solutions to poverty and injustice. As part of her efforts, Davis advocates for vulnerable women around the world. Davis' story  | Q&A. George Lopez George Lopez is helping to create positive change for underprivileged children, adults and military families. In 2009, he started The Lopez Foundation, which provides and supports education and health programs for those in need. The group also increases awareness about kidney disease and organ donation. Lopez's story  | Q&A. J.R. Martinez Actor and Iraq war veteran J.R. Martinez is the spokesman for Operation Finally Home, an organization that provides free, custom-built homes for injured veterans.  Martinez's story  | Q&A. Lucy Liu Actress Lucy Liu is an ambassador for UNICEF, an organization that gives children the essentials for a safe and healthy childhood. Approximately 21,000 children die every day from preventable causes, according to UNICEF, and its mission is to reduce that number to zero. Liu's story  | Q&A. Nate Berkus Designer and TV host Nate Berkus is a member of the American Red Cross Celebrity Cabinet, which helps to highlight the organization's initiatives and response efforts. Founded in 1881, the American Red Cross is part of a worldwide movement that offers humanitarian care to victims of war and natural disasters. Berkus' story  | Q&A. Kristin Chenoweth Actress Kristin Chenoweth started Maddie's Corner, an organization that supports animals in need. Chenoweth's story  | Q&A.
Teachers and Parents: Watch with your students or record "Black in America 2" when it airs on CNN on Wednesday, July 22 at 9 p.m. ET and Thursday, July 23 at 8 p.m. ET. By recording the documentaries, you agree that you will use the documentaries for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only. No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted, including, without limitation, any rights to sell, publish, distribute, post online or distribute in any other medium or forum, or use for any commercial or promotional purpose.|||(CNN Student News) --         With "Black in America 2," CNN deepens its investigation of the most challenging issues facing African-Americans. CNN's Soledad O'Brien journeys to South Africa and criss-crosses the U.S., reporting on groundbreaking solutions that are transforming the black experience in America. O'Brien uncovers pioneers who are making a difference: people inspiring volunteerism, programs that are improving access to quality health care and education, and leaders working to address financial struggles and develop strong families. Before and after viewing these programs, use our free Discussion Questions and Learning Activity to facilitate a conversation with your middle and high school students. Black in America 2: Part I - Today's Pioneers  Program overview: In "Today's Pioneers," O'Brien profiles community organizers across the country who are facilitating progress at a local level. These pioneers address health, education, and other critical needs of the black community. Black in America 2: Today's Pioneers airs in HDTV on Wednesday, July 22 at 9:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. EDT. Click here to access Discussion Questions for Black in America 2: Today's Pioneers. Black in America 2: Part II - Tomorrow's Leaders  Program overview: "Tomorrow's Leaders" focuses on people who are developing future African-American leaders. The importance of education, mentoring programs and diverse experiences are explored as black Americans strive for success in a competitive world. Black in America 2: Tomorrow's Leaders airs in HDTV on Thursday, July 23 at 8:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. EDT. Click here to access Discussion Questions for Black in America 2: Tomorrow's Leaders. Before-Viewing Discussion Questions Before watching Black in America 2, ask students to share their responses to these questions:. Black in America 2: Part I - Today's Pioneers  Post-Viewing Questions: After viewing the first part of Black in America 2, offer these questions for student consideration and discussion. There are specific questions for each new story within Black in America 2. Marriage. Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Project Choice. Project Brotherhood. The Harlem Children's Zone. Tyler Perry. Black in America 2: Part II - Tomorrow's Leaders  Post-Viewing Questions: After viewing the second part of Black in Amertica 2, offer these questions for student consideration and discussion. There are specific questions for each new story within Black in America 2. Journey for Change. Management Leadership for Tomorrow. Tuxedo Ball. Capital Prep. Post-Viewing Summary Discussion Questions After watching Black in America 2, use these general questions to facilitate a discussion focused on the issues and solutions raised in the documentaries. Post-Viewing Learning Activity. Discuss the success stories you have seen in Black in America 2 and your reactions to them. Then, look around your community for other solutions to the problems facing African-Americans today. Is there a community or church leader, an organization or a business trying to improve the quality of life for others where you live? Conduct interviews with leaders and participants in these programs to help others see what can be learned from their experiences. Produce a video, an online news article or a Web special to share with others, that highlights the positive work being done to address issues facing black Americans.
(RealSimple.com) -- 12 Fresh Cloth Napkins.|||Have them ironed and ready to go. Need to restock? Go to crateandbarrel.com for white napkins or dwellshop.com for colorful ones. RealSimple.com: Unexpected holiday decorations. 11 Catchy Christmas Carols. "White Christmas," Otis Redding. "Christmas in Hollis," Run-D.M.C. "Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town," the Jackson Five. "The First Snowfall," Bing Crosby. "All I Want for Christmas," RuPaul. "Silver and Gold," Burl Ives. "Baby, Please Come Home," Darlene Love. "Fireside," Jim Brickman. "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas," the Pretenders. "Santa Baby," Eartha Kitt. "Christmas Time Is Here," Vince Guaraldi. RealSimple.com: Inexpensive ideas for holiday party food. 10 Hours for Shopping. The average person spends that amount of time hunting for gifts, according to Consumer Reports. 9 Feet of Garland Per Foot of Tree. You need to go to great lengths indeed to jazz up a spruce of average height. 8 Care-Package Items. Here's what U.S. soldiers overseas most frequently request:. Letters from people like you. Nutrition bars. Ground coffee. Flavor packets for water. DVDs and CDs. AT&T global calling cards. Personal-hygiene supplies. Blank cards to send to their loved ones. Go to soldiersangels.org to give. RealSimple.com: 15 easy Christmas decorations. 7 Words to Remember. "It is in giving that we receive." â€• Saint Francis of Assisi. 6 Rolls of Gift Wrap. According to the people at Kate's Paperie, the paper retailer, most of us need this much to get the job done. (Choose recycled paper whenever possible.) To purchase recycled gift wrap, go to:. fishlipspaperdesigns.com. papermojo.com. flowerseedpaper.com. RealSimple.com: How to make the holidays more affordable. 5 Emergency Gifts. Don't get caught short (again). Store them in a closet prewrapped for surprise guests. Scented Candles: ikea.com. Card Games in Tins (like Uno, Old Maid, and I Spy): amazon.com. Bud Vases: cb2.com; buy in bulk, save-on-crafts.com. Special Teas (mightyleaf.com) or Cocoa (chocolatebarnyc.com) Paperwhite Bulbs: whiteflowerfarm.com. RealSimple.com: 10 party dips. 4 Champagne Cocktails. Upgrade a glass of bubbly with one of these options:. 1 tablespoon pomegranate juice. 1 scoop mango sorbet. 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice. 1 teaspoon Amaretto liqueur. 3 Hours for Wrapping. Yes, that's the average time it takes, say the folks at Consumer Reports -- and it's all torn off in seconds! 2 Billion Christmas Cards. It may feel as if you're personally sending out that many, but that's actually the national total, according to Hallmark. And a "One-Horse Open Sleigh" Did you know that was the original title of "Jingle Bells"? A little fact to get your Christmas-party conversation started. Happy holidays! RealSimple.com: 7 money saving, stress less holiday tips. Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Brad Pitt gets top billing in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds," but Austrian actor Christoph Waltz may have turned in the most memorable performance as a Nazi "Jew Hunter."|||Christoph Waltz attends a special screening of "Inglourious Basterds" in New York. Waltz, a 52-year-old veteran of German television, was hardly known outside of Europe, until now. Tarantino, insisting on actors with geographic origins similar to their characters, chose Waltz to play a complex and unforgettable villain: Nazi Col. Hans Landa. Landa mixes charm, humor and intelligence with great cruelty and opportunism as he travels through Tarantino's unpredictable screenplay. Waltz calls Landa "one of the great villains in dramatic literature." His performance earned Waltz the best actor award at the Cannes Film Festival, but the actor credits the writer for creating a "multifaceted and layered" character. "It's what Quentin [Tarantino] has written, and let me tell you, that's plenty," Waltz said. "Because I could still be sitting there trying to figure out what else is in there. And it's bottomless." The opening scene of "Inglourious Basterds" is itself a short film in the style of a spaghetti western, starring Waltz as "The Jew Hunter."  Watch the stars of the movie discuss the film ». "It was pure Tarantino to me in that it blended so many different elements perfectly, of tension and comedy, dialogue and excitement," actor B.J. Novak said of the scene. Waltz's character uses three languages in his encounter with a French dairy farmer who was hiding a Jewish family under his farmhouse floor. "The feature that makes me such an effective hunter of the Jews is, as opposed to most German soldiers, I can think like a Jew, where they can only think like a German or, more precisely, a German soldier," Landa tells the farmer. Landa's motivation is more complex than the typical Nazi depicted in a past movies. A literature scholar could build a career around studying the character, Waltz said. "Landa is one of the great villains in dramatic literature from the very beginning, for specific reasons, and it's a real job to find out the reasons," he said. "You sit there and you study and you study." The role provided him "ample opportunity to show other sides," Waltz said. "That's the fantastic thing with Landa, is it's so multifaceted and layered." But Waltz said he will be careful about repeating a similar role. "This is the best villain there is, and now it has to be significantly different for me to consider," he said. His three-decades-long acting résumé shows the diversity of his talent. His 1996 portrayal of Roy Black, one of Germany's most beloved pop stars, earned him one of Germany's highest acting honors. Waltz, now with a Hollywood agent, hints that scripts are coming his way because of the "Inglourious Basterds" exposure. One disadvantage of playing the villain in a Tarantino film is that the director insisted that Waltz not pal around with cast mates while away from the set. "It might be a good idea not to establish this buddy-buddy situation, to keep everybody on their toes a little bit," he said. "That awkward distance that they kept from me made it easier." Pitt, however, did approach him early in the filming, he said. "The fact that he is one of the biggest stars didn't come into that equation after he eliminated it," Waltz said. "He approached me literally with open arms, and that was that." "Inglourious Basterds"-- rated R -- hits theaters Friday, August 21.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Gordon churned across the eastern Azores early Monday after making landfall on the northern Atlantic islands, forecasters said.|||The center of the storm is expected to pass between Santa Maria Island and San Miguel Island on Monday morning, the National Hurricane Center in Miami said. The Azores are roughly 950 miles (1,529 kilometers) west of Lisbon, Portugal. "Swells generated by Gordon will cause dangerous surf and rip current conditions in the central and eastern Azores," the weather agency said. As of Monday morning, the hurricane was moving east-northeast at about 20 mph (32 kph) and carried maximum sustained winds of 75 mph (120 kph). Gordon was expected to weaken after leaving the Azores. A projection map shows the hurricane weakening to a tropical depression between the Azores and mainland Europe.
(Mashable) -- Dropbox has launched a major redesign, simplifying many file management tasks and bringing a new video and photo viewer.|||The first thing you'll notice in the new Dropbox UI is the action bar which lets you sort files by name, date, size and type. Click on a file, and the action bar will get new options -- for example, you can download, delete, rename, move or copy a file from there. You can also perform these actions by right-clicking on a file, which makes Dropbox more similar to Microsoft's Windows Explorer than ever. Dropbox now also has a new video and photo viewer, which lets you view these types of content on your entire screen. Photos and videos (this includes Photoshop and Illustrator files) now also have thumbnails, which makes them easier to preview. Finally, new Dropbox supports drag-and-drop, simple multiple file selections, and keyboard shortcuts (hit "?" for a full list). Dropbox search now also instantly pulls results as you type. According to Dropbox, this redesign is only the first step in a complete overhaul of the service, with more new stuff coming in the "next few months". How do you like the new Dropbox? Share your opinions in the comments! See the original article on Mashable. © 2011 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- A woman in outrageous flared trousers kisses the cheek of a young girl. A snake slithers around another woman wearing a two-piece bathing suit. And elsewhere, a camel crosses ponderously in front of a gleaming Rolls Royce.|||To Western eyes more used to the region portrayed through images of religion, conflict or conservative societies, it may come as a surprise to learn these photographs represent a snapshot of life in the Middle East. But these and 300,000 more gathered in an archive in Beirut tell a different story: One of a long-forgotten belle epoque of glamour and innocence. This sprawling photographic collection is the work of the Arab Image Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated safeguarding a local perspective often overshadowed by the works of Western photographers. "We were interested in showing the Arab world as we know it; as we see it in our photographic album," foundation director Zeina Arida told CNN. This lovingly-curated collection boasts many gems, not least the noir-ish work of Van Leo, an Armenian-Egyptian portrait photographer who attracted the rich and famous to his Cairo studio. Active during the 1940s and 50s, Van Leo also pursued his own artistic vision, posing for fantasy self-portraits, re-imagining himself as a heroic pilot, prisoner -- or even a chiffon-robed young woman. Says Arida, Van Leo, whose work predates similar projects by celebrated American photographer Cindy Sherman by almost 40 years, is among several "enthusiastic" supporters of the 13-year-old foundation. But, with most of its funding coming from Europe and the United States, she says more Middle Eastern donors, who tend to back charitable rather than cultural organizations, need to step up to help preserve their own past. The foundation's new research center in Beirut, where white-gloved curators carefully handle the slides, plates, prints and negatives that make up the collection, should help, she says. It is hoped the research will offer new insight, not only into a golden era for the region, but also into the techniques of those who strove to capture it. Adds Arida: "We do have important historical documents, but the main interest in these images were what the images can tell us about the relationship between the photographer and his clients." CNN's Rima Maktabi contributed to this story.
(CNN)Should police officers wear cameras to document their activities while on duty?|||The notion has been around for a while. But since August's fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri -- for which witness accounts varied widely -- it's gained traction to become part of the national conversation about police conduct. The idea is that a video camera mounted on an officer's vest or uniform would provide an accurate, objective account of every encounter with a civilian. Ideally, the camera would discourage police misconduct while protecting officers against unfounded civil complaints of brutality or corruption. Some police associations support the idea, and even the Obama administration is backing it. Since August, more than 150,000 people have signed a petition on the White House's website urging that all state, county and local police be required to wear a camera. In response, Deputy Assistant to the President Roy L. Austin Jr. expressed support for the proposal while saying the Department of Justice is researching the best way to implement video technology into daily policing. As Austin noted, a 2013 report by the Department of Justice found that "both officers and civilians acted in a more positive manner when they were aware that a camera was present." Of course, body cameras create some thorny privacy issues, such as whether police need consent to videotape activities on private property. Some officers also view the cameras as unwanted scrutiny and a sign that their supervisors don't trust them. And the fact that a witness used a phone camera to record New York police arresting Eric Garner in July didn't prevent the injuries that led to Garner's death a short time later, nor did the footage lead to indictments for the officers involved. Still, among the police departments that have experimented with officer-worn cameras, early results have been encouraging. A 2013 study found that public complaints against police officers in Rialto, California, plunged after the city's 54 frontline officers began wearing video cameras. Use of force by Rialto officers also declined in the months after the cameras were introduced. Other police departments across the U.S. are also now testing body cameras. Amid protests following the lack of indictments in the Garner case, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio announced in December that his police department was accelerating efforts to equip all its officers with body cameras as well. "When something happens, to have a video record of it from the police officer's perspective, it's going to help in many, many ways," de Blasio said. "It's going to improve the work of law enforcement. And God forbid, when something goes wrong, we're going to have a clear understanding of what happened and whatever approaches we need to take as a result."
(CNN)Thump.|||The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams. Thump. It'll have luxury suites and everything. Thump. But it seems all anyone can talk about these days ... THUMP. ... is the taco cannon. That's right, we said taco cannon. An Omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. That the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when Voodoo Tacos owner Eric Newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for CNN affiliate KETV. That they'll make it undamaged? Not so much. "I wouldn't say it would be as restaurant quality when it gets to them, but it's edible," Newton said. With this latest technological development, the taco will join t-shirts, stuffed toys, balls, biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands at public gatherings. UNO fans, um, ate the idea up, sending #tacocannon hurtling past #EarthDay as the No. 1 trending topic Wednesday in Omaha. "How we roll in Omaha...Frozen Four appearances and projectile tacos," Twitter user mavpuck said, referring to the school's recent, and sadly taco-less, appearance in the NCAA hockey tournament semifinals. "This just might be the greatest invention.  EVER," thetoddbryant wrote on Twitter. The tacos will start flying this fall, when the school's new arena is scheduled to open. But Voodoo Tacos has already scored, catching plenty of publicity months ahead of opening night. "My partners laughed and me and said 'that's dumb,' " Newton told KETV. "Now they're emailing me and saying, 'About the best thing we've ever bought.' "
(CNN) -- A Disney Cruise Line employee has been reported missing during a seven-day cruise off the Mexico's Pacific coast, the company said Thursday.|||The unidentified worker on board the Disney Wonder failed to appear for a Tuesday shift, Disney spokeswoman Christi Erwin Donnan said. The vessel, which left Los Angeles on Sunday, docked Wednesday in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, Donnan said. The U.S. Coast Guard, the Mexican navy and the Bahamas Maritime Authority have participated in the search and investigation, Donnan said. The Disney Wonder is registered in the Bahamas. The Mexican navy has been conducting searches since Tuesday, Disney Cruise Line said in a written statement. "Given the circumstances, we are very concerned about this situation and are doing everything possible to assist with the search effort and investigation," it said. The company said it conducted a thorough inspection of the cruise ship. U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Pamela Manns said the Mexican navy is leading the search and asked for Coast Guard help early in the effort. The Coast Guard provided long-range search aircraft but is not now actively involved in the search. The FBI is not involved because it does not have jurisdiction, as the ship was off the coast of Mexico flying under a foreign flag, said spokeswoman Laura Eimiller of the agency's Los Angeles office. But the FBI has heard no reports of criminal activity or foul play, she said. CNN's Dave Alsup and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- For one weekend in September more than 155 million people in six neighboring countries in one continent pull out all the stops to honor the birth of their nations.|||Five Central American countries -- Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica -- kick off their Independence Day celebrations on September 15, the date when, in 1821, they declared independence from Spain, while the following day Mexico holds its own independence celebrations. We asked people from each country to send in their best images from past and present Independence Day celebrations. From masked revelers in Guatemala to elaborately costumed dance troupes in Honduras, we received stunning images from nations proud to celebrate their beginnings. More Celebrates: The world's best firework displays. Like the best birthday celebrations, the events are marked with glorious parades, street parties, festivals and family gatherings. TV producer Brad Cordeiro was in San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua, when he captured stunning images of young women in beautiful flowing blue dresses performing in a parade held for the country's Independence Day. "The feel of the parade was of a lot of proud parents watching their kids participate," he said. "The celebration was a week long, and as San Juan del Sur is a resort town people from all over the country came to town, it felt like the whole country was there," he said. Sometimes the celebrations can provide the most eye-opening of visuals. In Guatemala City, anthropologist Lucas de Soto captured this image of a rather motley crew of soldiers, worker and, yes, a man dressed in a bird suit during the country's celebrations in 2011. "It's ... sort of a fun side to the military that they wanted to present with the festive atmosphere, despite how ambivalent the general public is about them," he said. "They were dressing up as bears, and wrestlers, and handing out candy." More Celebrates: The world's messiest festivals. Elsewhere on the continent, in Honduras, Independence day for U.S. photographer Hunter Johnson means a chance to give the orphans who live in the homes his organization houses the opportunity to take part in the many parades held to honor the day. His beautiful image captures several young girls from one of the organization's centers proudly dressed in their dancing finery ahead of a parade in Talanga, Honduras. "The parade I witnessed in Honduras was certainly simpler from a materialistic perspective, but it did not lack whatsoever in energy and passion among its participants," he said. "They were proud to don colorful outfits and march in unison as they honored their country in music and dance."
(CNN) -- Atletico Madrid moved back ahead of city rivals Real Madrid in La Liga on Sunday with a 4-2 away win at Rayo Vallecano.|||An entertaining match got off to a lively start as David Villa opened the scoring for the visitors in the eighth minute. The former Barcelona forward scored from close range after receiving a pass from strike partner Diego Costa. The lead looked as though it would be short-lived when Rayo were awarded a penalty four minutes later following Javier Manquillo's foul on Alberto Bueno inside the box. But Jonathan Viera failed to convert the spot kick -- his shot saved by Atletico keeper Thibaut Courtois. World Sport Blog: How not to appoint a football manager. The home side were punished for their profligacy when Arda Tudan doubled the lead in the 30th minute. Viera made amends for his penalty miss with a goal five minutes before the break, but Tudan's second strike in the 44th minute restored Atletico's two-goal cushion. Costa, who has been linked with English Premier League side Chelsea during the January transfer window, weighed in with a fourth 15 minutes before the end, before Argentine striker Joaquin Larrivey headed home a consolation goal moments later. Diego Simeone's side will be happy to get back to winning ways after successive home draws. Three points gives them 54 in total from 21 matches, one point more than Carlo Ancelotti's men, who assumed top spot for 24 hours after beating Granada 2-0 at the Bernabeu on Saturday. Turbulent week for Barca ends with a win. Barcelona's players were looking forward to getting back on the pitch after a turbulent week off it for the club's bosses. Sandro Rosell dramatically quit as Barcelona president on Thursday after a Spanish judge decided to investigate the $78m deal that brought superstar Neymar from Brazilian club Santos to the Catalan giants last June. Read more: Man Utd seal Mata deal. Rosell, who denies any wrongdoing, spent three-and-a-half years in charge and has been replaced by vice-president Josep Maria Bartomeu. Speaking on Saturday, head coach Gerardo Martino said: "It's not the kind of situation we would want to be in. The players are sad but they know the best way forward is to do things well in footballing terms. "The dressing room seems in good shape to me. They are enjoying life at Barca and they need to win like every year and respect the club's playing style in winning trophies." That aim is still very much on track after dispatching Malaga 3-0. Gerard PiquÃ©'s right-footed shot in the 40th minute gave Barca a vital lead at the break which they quickly consolidated. Pedro made it 2-0 nine minutes into the second half with Alexis Sanchez adding a third on the hour mark. The win puts the reigning champions back on top, level on points with Atletico but with a superior goal difference. In La Liga's two remaining fixtures on Sunday, Athletic Bilbao thrashed Osasuna 5-1 to consolidate fourth place while Almeria rise to 15th after a 1-0 win against Getafe. Read more: Barcelona president resigns amid Neymar row.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- The Mexican military has detained a suspected leader of a notorious drug-trafficking family in connection with the July slayings of two U.S. citizens.|||Benjamin LeBaron is buried in Galeana, Mexico, in July. Jose Rodolfo Escajeda, known as El Rikin, was taken into custody Friday in Nuevo Casa Grandes, in Chihuahua state, according to a military statement. Escajeda is an alleged ringleader of a drug-trafficking family that runs a 120-mile smuggling corridor on Mexico's border with Texas, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration.  He has been indicted by the U.S. government, DEA said. U.S. citizens Benjamin LeBaron and his brother-in-law, Luis Widmar, were beaten and shot to death after armed men stormed into their home in the town of Galeana, Mexico. Local media reported in July that a note found on LeBaron indicated the slayings were in retribution for the capture of 25 drug suspects in a nearby town. The LeBaron brothers belonged to the "Community of LeBaron" in Galeana, a township founded by excommunicated Mormons. LeBaron's younger brother, Eric, was kidnapped in May and returned unharmed a week later. The incident prompted Banjamin LeBaron to become a nationally recognized anti-crime activist who moved the local community to take a stand.
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said Monday that the situation over the massive Ebola outbreak in her country "remains grave."|||"Our health delivery system is under stress. The international community couldn't respond quickly," Johnson Sirleaf told CNN's Nima Elbagir in an interview. Liberia is one of three nations, including Guinea and Sierra Leone, at the center of  the deadliest outbreak of Ebola in history. More than 1,500 people have died from the highly infectious virus since March. The World Health Organization has confirmed more than 3,000 cases and  says the outbreak is still accelerating across West Africa. Johnson Sirleaf also extended the stay-at-home order for all nonessential government employees for another month on Monday, underscoring the still dangerous health conditions the Ebola virus is causing in the country. The order went into effect on July 30. A statement on the President's website said the order is still necessary as efforts to contain the spread of the often fatal virus continue. But Johnson Sirleaf sounded hopeful.  She said conditions are slowly improving and that the world is responding to the epidemic, realizing the catastrophe that could unfold if the virus were to spread beyond Africa's borders. In a positive sign over the weekend, the quarantine on the Township of West Point in the capital city of Monrovia was lifted on Saturday. Johnson Sirleaf ordered the quarantine lifted "based on the advice of authorities of the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare, as well as consultations with local and international partners," according to the online statement. She explained that "the residents' cooperation and support over the period heightened the decision to lift the embargo." But the President also warned a bigger response is still needed to prevent the spread of the infectious virus and contain the threat. "People now don't see this as a Liberia or West Africa crisis. It could easily become a global crisis." Johnson Sirleaf said the solution is for the global community to work in partnership with the affected nations to help them fight Ebola. "We need that hope, we need that assistance. We need for the Liberians to know that this war can be won," Johnson Sirleaf said. The West African nation of Senegal confirmed its first Ebola case last week, one week after closing its border with Guinea. Senegal is the fifth country in the region to report the Ebola virus.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers, or buskers. Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves. But on Monday, 12-year-old Abby Miller was.|||Abby Miller sings for her friend Taylor Love outside Washington's Union Station on Monday. She was performing outside Washington's Union Station to help her 4-year-old friend, Taylor Love, who is suffering from cancer. Abby sat in front of the station with a couple of her friends, singing songs and strumming a guitar. Passers-by seemed to notice the girl's singing talent, stopping to listen in the chilly weather, with a few putting money in a bucket at Abby's feet. Abby said the money will help support Taylor's family. A few more stopped to write messages on "Love Notes," little cards designed to encourage Taylor Love through the tough time. "Her mom reads them to her before she goes to bed at night," Abby said. "Taylor gets excited for them and she loves getting them read to her because she likes knowing that people are supporting her and people are actually thinking of her." Taylor has neuroblastoma, a cancer that affects the nervous system. According to her Web site, she is in remission, but this type of cancer has a high risk of recurrence. There has been little research on the illness, of which there are about 650 new cases in the United States each year. Mike Gillette, a family friend of both Taylor and Abby, brought the two girls together. While raising money and support for Taylor is important, he said, he thinks Abby's outreach can help bring more critical awareness for the devastating disease. "She really wanted to reach people all over the country," he said. Gillette said he has taken Abby to do similar performances in the District of Columbia, New Jersey and Virginia, and estimates they've raised thousands of dollars and have gotten people to write several hundred "Love Notes." Abby does more than just raise money and awareness for her friend. Taylor's mother, Aimee, said that although Abby is eight years older than Taylor, the two see each other often and have a special connection that helps her get through her daughter's illness. "I think it's amazing for a 12-year-old Abby to be drawn to my daughter, who is 4 and wants to inspire other children," Aimee Love said. "The joy I see in Taylor when she sees Abby brings a light into my life." Taylor's family said her treatments are terribly painful. But Abby said Taylor has enormous character. "She's the most happy girl in the world, which I think is just incredible," Abby said. "She's so much fun to be around. She's a little 4-year-old girl but she's got a heart of like a thousand grown adults." Aimee Love said her daughter feels the same way about Abby. "It gives her someone to aspire to, someone to be inspired by," she said.
