(CNN) -- The authorities who control Kosovo may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces for control of the territory, European authorities allege in a new report.|||But the European Union believes that for more than a decade, the organs of both Albanian and Serbian prisoners of war, and political rivals, may have been frozen and pocketed or handed over to government officials. Other complaints have been made to the EU about the absence of adequate surgical instruments in Kosovo. Like other political rivalries, Albanian political rival Ismail Qemalaj was accused of failing to produce blood tests and access to organs while imprisoned, the countries' Commission for Civil Rights said. A newly published report by the Commission said the organs seized "were previously used for political purposes, supporting the country's political agenda." But the report added, "... the extent to which patients have been deprived of their organs may be beyond the heart-based organizations' control." Justice Ministry officials had nothing to say Thursday, although officials from the Kosovo Liberation Army had said in a statement that the authorities "do not believe their statements may have breached" European law. "I am aware that the President of Kosovo is close to speaking up to apologize to his father, and we continue to work toward a reconciliation process. We continue to work on a number of issues," the statement read. The report also suggests that the Ministry of Justice secretly obtained permission from the Serbian government to open a secret bank in the capital of the former Yugoslav republic, Belgrade, to receive blood or kidney transplantations.
(CNN) -- In compiling a new George Harrison greatest-hits collection, the idea was to focus on the flow, his widow, Olivia, told CNNRadio Monday.|||James Harrison with his father, Jim. Photograph courtesy of Jim Harrison.  Watch an exclusive clip from the new album ». While two of Harrison's three bands have completed decades-long tours in the United Kingdom, there have been two albums, so far. "We did not pull another record from his heritage and whether it was a great album, it was not at all," said Olivia Harrison. "I was thinking of what the story of the man was going to be. The talk of the life of an American." Harrison's daughter, Stella, will have an album at her school on Wednesday. "It's something very important to us because he would be a great ambassador for the music and music of this generation," wrote Sony. "We needed to keep it pure and beautiful and to not make it too beat up."
Washington (CNN) -- More than 600,000 coffeemakers are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada due to an apparent brewing malfunction that can release a gusher of steaming water and grounds. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, officials said.|||The issue was announced Monday, the National Safety Council (NSC) said. The problem affects about 5,000 FarmHouse and Cottage Coffeemakers distributed across the United States and Canada. "If you run out of hot coffee, the brew will stop hot, or the hot water may not come out," the statement said. It said it took about three months to determine whether the affected model should be recalled. The installation glitch can cause foam in the in-oven hot faucets, which can seep into the space between the coffee pots, triggering an alarm, the NSC said. The problem was also identified in a NSC report. The safety system includes flammable powder and a little more than 5-inch mesh to keep products from blowing open too big. The incident came to light as customers in Washington were complaining about gushing hot coffee and stickiness in their milk and creamer. These kinds of incidents have become common because of a shortage of labor and other factors. It's not the first time the problem has been detected. Since May 2008, reports have indicated that some Farmhouse and Cottage coffeemakers run too hot. The symptoms include low or no operating temperatures, scorching in the hands, and blistering on the mouth. The complaints prompted a safety review of the products that produced the issues, which caused production and delivery to be halted between mid-January and mid-February, the NSC said. The company also announced a recall of the Cottage coffeemaker model due to the same problem. In October, the USDA said it had purchased 2,600 FarmHouse and 40 Cottage coffee makers. A spokesman for the USDA, Tim Contini, said at the time that the safety review determined that the coffeemakers were safe but also cautions customers that "when people are dissatisfied with products that have been delivered or serviced, they may need to consider changing brand." Cottage Coffee and Farmhouse come in a broad range of colors and styles, with a multitude of different features on the packaging. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, officials said.
(CNN) -- The rush to be the first kid on the block with the latest iPhone is on.|||Analysts have been preparing for the "Bada-Bada" game for Apple. The iPhone 8 and other tablet-size devices are now out in stores. App reviewers Hizeto Miyazaki of Forbes.com say many of the reviews are encouraging. They say Amazon is the real deal in terms of app reviews. Also, all apps are now pre-installed for users of the Apple iPad. Let's start by acknowledging that I have plenty of questions in my mind about the various Apple gadgets available now. Is the iPhone X really the best one? Trusted brands like Dell, Huawei and HTC all say that the iPhone is. The only reason they're willing to support Apple is its durability. Should we be buying an iPhone? Does the iPhone, however, guarantee that Apple will be the first to market with the most features of the latest iPhone? Yes, as my friend Liv Cremtlyau at BBC News said, if it is so much newer. He has been an iPhone fan for 30 years. The Apple website says Apple is one of the world's most popular online retailers and one of the most sought-after websites for blogs and news. Already, many users, including The Verge and Wired.com, have registered with Apple. "Apple is currently offering some users with Apple's dedicated iPad web service and information about iPhone hardware, including the phone and device they now own," said Rebecca Young, a technology reporter for the Telegraph in London. Apple has already launched a new iPhone, the iPad Mini, Apple News is reporting. It is making the phone with integrated functionality. "Users may be able to search, access, or download different apps -- either the standard web-based Apple News, or they can then also use the included Apple News site and be asked for their personal information on iPhone," wrote Young, a former long-time tech reporter for The Telegraph. According to Apple's website, the iPad Mini is the best smartphone for Apple users in the world. It's more than just great at the basics. The iPhone 6 and iPad Mini now have an app store and can be used for calling, text messages, and other activities such as playing games. iPhone 5S as at? As at? These reviews use older hardware like the Windows 7 16-bit operating system and iOS, the program version of the operating system Apple bought for $1.99 in 2011. The specs for the newest iPhone are "3.5 inches x 1.5 inches x 0.85 inches." Just what is it? Apple says that the next new iPhone will feature improved performance and be built to address problems with the 7 and the iPhone 6s, bigger than the 7 Plus. The plans for the future include embedding applications like the iTunes app store, productivity apps that the iPad and iPhone users already use, and easier accessibility for Facebook. Despite the excitement from all of Apple's customers, iFixit says that no new features have yet been released that will set iPhone users back $1.49 per month or more, as compared to the iPhone 5s or iPhone 6S Plus. No iPhone. But early reviews of both the iPhone and iPad have pointed out that even in the quiet days when Apple waited to launch these smartphones, consumers are beginning to appreciate them. In the short time we have had a chance to test the iPhone and iPad, and our opinions on these new products and the reviews have varied. But overall, all indications are that Apple's high-quality smartphone has taken off. The article ends with what the reviewers agree about the iPhone 8 and iPad Mini. Watch: The web site iFixit: Your iPhone 12.9 might soon be the best new device in the world.
(CNN) -- Garth Brooks, one of the biggest country stars of all time, said Thursday he is coming out of retirement after nine years away from the music business, and will start a concert engagement in Las Vegas.|||Brooks just announced he would be back on the road to help promote the debut of Garth Brooks Jr. And Kent Walker's country show -- at the Museum of American History on Thursday. The show will feature performances from Brooks' previous hit "Gentlemen," as well as the likes of Wilson Pickett, Alan Jackson and the Black Keys. The performance would begin at 9 p.m. ET. "No matter what happens, I'm out of here." The artist, who was the second best-selling performer in country music history in 2005 with The Lord, and his two current hits, "Brokenhearted" and "Broken Arrow," will be doing a new song per day during the rehearsal sessions. He and Bill Wyman will be performing some new songs at the "Brokenhearted" show. Vicki Collins Kelley said this week that she was still calling the show "Brokenhearted" over the lack of a show between Murray County deputies Kevin Pernico and Thomas John Perry. "Yeah, it hurts to talk about not having a rehearsal," she said of the program. "It has to hurt a lot more to bring back those guys that I grew up with."
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- America faces an economic calamity. Trouble brews in faraway lands.|||The United States is one of the world's poorer countries. Even a poor day in a country's history can bring it trouble. That's particularly true in the minds of some of the poorer nations in the world. Among them are Bolivia, Bolivia's banana growers, Paraguay, Uruguay, German Russia, Russian Ukrainians, Vietnamese, Palestinians, Syrian and increasingly alienated Afghan Muslims. The Turkic peoples of Turkey have another in store for America. The Kurdish population of Turkey bristles with U.S.-based drug trafficking efforts from its remote, mountainous border with Azerbaijan. They sell their wares in international markets such as Las Vegas, New York and other cities with neighboring regions. Their hotel lines and stores now come from the Ecuadorian capital of San Salvador. They include a national flagship hotel in Nicaragua, the upscale Palquita Hotel in Nepal, and the Hotel Litzen in Lhasa. The casino in Okinawa is popular with China tourists, Japanese Americans, and the tourists of California. In the Grand Canyon, porters -- who often drink cheap bottled coffee -- are given their marijuana. They are clearly outmatched by police. They sit for hours, loitering outside the park for hours at a time. Many can carry their own pistols, but one is suspended from the police - except for when they stop to talk -- if they're held up. Meanwhile, a local detective in Terry Local Law (Incorporated) District 10 in the O'Shaughnessy Valley of Northern Ireland reports that criminals in the area are allegedly hunting off armed police officers in their home province. The province is part of Northern Ireland's interior, on the edge of the plains. The proposed law targets private landowners for prosecution. It would require policing officers to inspect homes and arrest people without consent. But the violence has been effective because timber industries there dominate, tax revenues from forestry nearly two-thirds and demand nearly a third of the province's total income. Due to the climate and drought, hundreds of millions of people are reliant on rain and the lack of sufficient water and power to grow crops. As unemployment costs rise, so does the rates of homelessness. And gangs are setting up camps and prisons to keep families from escaping. The crackdown is aimed, in part, at encouraging members of the law enforcement force and tax evaders, who get ready to set in for the long haul. Another reason: Government officials often don't want to extradite criminal suspects in return for paying the tax, which makes little sense. Ireland shares its "tragic" border with Cuba. "I don't want to have anything to do with any of it," Italian President Nancy Reagan told CNN in August, dismissing "irresponsible" reports from the border. A popular Middle Eastern leader -- Rita Ayala -- has her own issues on the border. However, Ayala worries about a thriving economy that is working as intended. She says the Obama administration is "attempting to undermine what should be a free and open, entrepreneurial, and open country." Ayala says the United States' "root causes" have to do with uncontrolled immigration. She has pointed at America's ugly past. She contends it led to insecurity, economic insecurity, and failed policies.
Some Pennsylvania residents who live near a Chevron natural gas well that exploded, killing a worker, are getting compensation of sorts from the corporation.|||There is not much doubt that lawyers told the company that the people who live in the area would be contacted by e-mail by early next year if a settlement was not reached. The settlement calls for $9.5 million in compensatory payments to homeowners. "The assumption is that the individuals, if approved, would begin drilling a well that would cause devastating damage to their wells. A number of wells will be drilled in the area and the maximum allowable tonnage for drilling into an individual site is 2 million gallons of gas per day, the settlement says." The spill resulted from the town's pumps gushing gallons of water from a ruptured gas pipeline pipe. The well blew up in November, destroying a gas station along Interstate 80 and spilling all its residue. The rig that opened the well and gas station exploded, causing about $23 million in damage and triggering fears that more bad things could happen. Although a gas rig at the time of the explosion had one rig out of commission, and since that time another rig has been found near the site, natural gas has exploded in a gas well and thousands of springs are now standing out from the earth. Fourteen gas pipeline contractors were also injured, and many of them died. The company has said the gas at the site was stolen but gas from the well itself was not. The pipeline is now back on a normal operation after four months of damage from the explosion and subsequent theft of chemicals, chemical spreader to let gas out of the pipeline and it was evicted by the company. The drillers, which last month opened a previously fracked natural gas well, were not required to use the same pipe and were allegedly mining across natural gas lines to create a new pipe. They discovered a small crack in the valve that allowed one of their pipelines to flood into it and spill waste. The leak occurred last fall. An oil spill off the Gulf coast has been reported since November, and spills have since spilled residue from the ruptured section of the pipeline. This is the first time that a gas well is known to have exploded this way. Residents have hired contractor Seward Expeditors to remove spills from their property. Seward Expeditors hauled coal and equipment from the well site to prepare for the planned gas well. The company says the spill was caused by the drilling of a fracked pipeline, which draws natural gas underground.
Zachary Quinto opened up for the first time about his relationship with "Glee" and "Boss" star Jonathan Groff in Out magazine's October issue. While declining to give specifics, he said, "I'm incredibly happy, I'm incredibly lucky."|||But he called the attention "intimidating" and chatted about work-life conflict and compliments to people. Quinto, who wears bronze skin and gray hair, was all smiles. "My dad was older than me and he was kind of scared that I would fall from the top of this career ladder," he told Out. "I was like, 'I'm the highest point in the sun! It's no pressure.' " He continued: "He was very cool and funny, and I was trying to flirt." He also enjoyed the attention his popularity generated. Quinto was photographed looking relaxed during a day at the Brisbane Airport with his girlfriend, Haima Harte. He looked ready to take on the world. "I had just arrived from California. I was going to go to Abu Dhabi," Quinto said, smiling. "I mean, I'd left my girl-baby on the airport bus at 6 am, and we were squeezing in there. I was like, 'Don't forget that crap, that stuff! Don't forget it.' " His girlfriend was wearing a pristine navy and blue dress and proudly pointed out how the pal we're toasted the sun, but thought they needed a little extra. They seemed to have a bit of a flirtation going on. While declining to give specifics, he said, "I'm incredibly happy, I'm incredibly lucky." Haima couldn't be reached for comment. Neither could Groff. Share your ❤s with us ». Quinto's new appearance on Out comes just a few months after he broke up with the former "Friends" cast member who's also on "Glee." Quinto, 50, portrayed Dr. Drew Hood, a piano teacher in "Glee" with Miguel, played by David Lowery, in a 16-minute season five flashback sequence that revealed the character's willingness to pinch anyone who looked like him. Palmer, who played Spencer, the father of Phillip Haley's Charlie White, who played Ivy, was instrumental in breaking down the chorus of the song "Dan and Etta." Lowy himself was the real life story of Emily Crowley, a former "Glee" contestant with red hair and who was obsessed with Deuce Almendorf, played by Jacob Hyde. On the talk show circuit, Lowe plays Tracey, one of a trio of contestants based in New York City's goth-revue scene, "By Requested." Just like that. Lowe was born four days before Wells was assassinated, however, falling off the roof of the ferry car he was riding in with his ex-girlfriend, Genevieve Smart. Lowe played her son, Heraclius, a member of the school's chorus, in a scene that also details the heartbreaking devastation that engulfed the staff. It also portrays Groff's relationship with fellow "Glee" star Dave Franco. The episode is set in a small town with a pretty freaky and surreal Christmas sequence, with the kids, wearing snow boots and snowflakes, dancing around in the streets, and shouting "Ego" in the street. Pressed to explain, Lowe notes "that this is the spirit of the characters." Groff plays the lead guitar on "Glee" in the 8th season, and Quinto as the lead plays the guitar. "He's really the perfect man for the part," Lowe said.
(CNN) -- Just like some U.S. officials looking into the mystery, the man who captured video of an apparent fireball plunging from the sky over Texas on Sunday is perplexed about what it was.|||Strange meteor debris is one of the oddest to have come from space, particularly since so many U.S. officials are investigating this incident. Rick Weidenbaum was working for a U.S. satellite company when the fire started. It is thought to have come from somewhere in the atmosphere high in the sky above southeast Mexico, Weidenbaum said in an e-mail. "I think I heard something like this just once from an antenna at the Albuquerque observatory ... The signals are so thick, and it doesn't register," he said. "But when there are aircraft buzzing near the area, radar is raised." "Nobody's about to claim anything because if that something was a nuclear missile it would have destroyed it," he said. "I am not proud of any of this." But it is part of the reason some of the reports and videos have gone viral. It is understandable why some may think the spot on radar is so far away from the source. More recently, according to Geomagnetic Survey Research Associates, which studies space phenomena and uses computer models to produce sensitivity maps. After about eight years in service, it began to allow radar scanners in all of its working locations, and a summer of preparation could have started the process as early as 2007, the agency said. The scans were never scanned for parts of North America, and between January and August, the agency did not find anything about a meteor in Argentina or South America. But scientists said Sunday's long weekend has exposed the mystery of spacefire, and we now may see new details about the incident. Weidenbaum said the possibility that there was another sonic boom caused the flash, but he said it isn't sure. The science community didn't agree. Science and a lot of other people laughed that the video was as though we were watching a comedy. But some over the last year have launched bets on whether the suspect satellite shot another unidentified fireball. One skeptic put the odds at 1:1 that a meteor actually came from China. The astrophysicist at the "Neptune Mission at Large" in Johannesburg said the fiery disk appears to be "expended." But he asked, "What are the chances that this is just an airplane with a radar? Would that be good enough to come from a satellite?" "I don't know," Weidenbaum said. "But I do know it could not come from any country or from any political party." He added that so many scientists are involved with research into space, it might have been an accident.
(CNN) -- Police arrested a woman discovered in the Georgia home of music producer Dallas Austin, Sandy Springs police say.|||Investigators found four firearms and a grenade in Austin's bedroom Tuesday, plus two more in the elevator of his Smarthome Center and a theater coach, and found an envelope and a knife in Austin's grandmother's apartment, Sandy Springs police Sgt. Paul Dunigan told CNN. Dolen County, Pennsylvania, police told CNN in a separate report that a woman has been arrested in connection with drug trafficking. She was found with a hand and legs under two wigs, a plastic bag with syringes and needles, and plastic bags containing methamphetamine, heroin, crack cocaine, and a former robbery victim.Austin's mother, Maxine Gaines Austin, filed for an extension of her rights in federal court, Attorney General Eric Holder said. He said Sunday that Drew Gordon, the woman's attorney, had been called back into court to sign papers to have Morgan released from a Florida home, fearing public safety risks. He said Gordon and Harvey had pleaded not guilty to drug charges. Authorities in U.S. and Georgia are investigating the incident. Among the drugs being tested are methamphetamine, heroin, crack cocaine, cocaine and cash, said Lauren Hightower, a spokeswoman for Georgia's Department of Environmental Protection. The bait will run out Thursday, she said. The woman's mother, the victim's mother and Obama campaigned for Gordon's removal from the U.S., according to a report in today's CNN affiliate WSB-TV. Gordon was arrested in Florida on drug charges in 2005, and in 2007 was sentenced to 14 years in prison, the station reported. He served 13. Gordon was transferred back to New Jersey to await trial.
(CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot's lawyer has quit defending him against murder allegations in Peru, citing unspecified differences over strategy.|||.. .3-year-old Manson family member who lives in the United States and now supported by AMPAS, said he does not plan to leave Peru. "I am happy with our relationship and my client, who is also pleased with our relationship," he said. ABU prosecutor John Lucas Juarez said that Van der Sloot had contacted him to ask to depose his former lawyer, Lincoln Myers, who has represented him since his arrest, but "he does not have the confidence or resources to do so." Las Casas, who has represented van der Sloot since the beginning of his trial, said: "Joran has already spoken several times to us that I am ready to go this route if he wants to say something or he is comfortable speaking with us." Several journalists traveling with them on an emergency plane landed in Lima after a short delay Sunday. Then a cab driver shouted at the man to put his luggage in his vehicle and let him off the plane. The man's name was Jamie Jahans, and he used the name of one of the guys on the plane and is represented by De La Fuente Associates. "As a way to get out the country, we are going to tell him what to do," said a court-appointed lawyer at the time who declined to give his name. "When he leaves, he will be known by one name and he will do something well to represent himself. That is enough to make him happy and he is a confident man. That will be much appreciated." CNN's Mark Goldtooth contributed to this report...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- A law allowing same-sex weddings took effect Thursday in Mexico City, one day after the second same-sex marriage was performed in Argentina.|||Mexico, the principle par excellence in the 21-country South America, decided last Friday to accept same-sex marriage. President Felipe Calderón, whose campaign vowed to introduce an "ideological law of conscience," signed a decree Saturday, which of course will become the law of the land. It will also allow mass adoption and families to take part in same-sex marriages. It took effect this month in the United States. Others already are starting to take part, such as Argentina and Argentina.
(CNN Student News) -- November 22, 2013.|||And...when you go to Somaliland, a tourist destination in southern Afghanistan. Usher Zee, a Karzai native with a keen interest in animals. Interviewed by Dr. Jessica Trippes for CNN Student News. Based in Kabul, Afghanistan. CNN Student News.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Palestinian militants fired more rockets into Israel on Friday as a tenuous six-month truce between Hamas and Israel expired.|||This was the fourth day since Benjamin Netanyahu, president of Israel, declared a unilateral three-month cease-fire in March, when the Gaza Strip signed a comprehensive deal with Israel. During this period Hamas, which controls territory in the West Bank, has staged occasional rocket attacks into Israel, firing more than 1,000 times over three months, more than 250 of them reaching the southern Gaza strip. Israel answered with rocket fire and three strikes into Gaza at least four times, including two in the town of Mishor Ya'akov on the Gaza border and another one into southern Israel, according to the Israel Defense Forces, a senior military official. "They came closer and closer to the border," the official said, adding that the militants appeared to be moving to stockpile lighter explosives but authorities had not arrested any. The shipments hit Israel only after they left Gaza, said Eitam Wilson, a senior member of the Hamas delegation in Israel. The bombs flew over the border under a one-meter high, thin wire erected across the section of ground about 1,500 meters above the border between Gaza and Israel, he said. The attacks against Israel were not organized by Hamas leaders and took place among Hamas followers, because of a lack of access to tunnels. "We used the violence in order to do something that is necessary to secure this border," Wilson said. "We knew that we would have to do that because there were ongoing security threats against us. We knew that Hamas didn't have any different weapons than Hamas, but they just weren't used that way." It was unclear if Israel has had a say in enforcing the truce. As the peace deal began, Israeli soldiers stationed at the border with Gaza prepared to land troops across the border. Joint forces and the Pentagon then stepped in and fired dozens of rockets at Hamas positions in southern Gaza. Israel fired back, targeting Israeli military positions in Gaza. Israel has blamed Hamas for violating the truce, as well as hostage-taking activists who were killed in the Gaza area near the border fence. They say the group may have pulled out of the deal temporarily, but before to resume its lethal campaign. "They continue with the attacks, and we use all the right means to defend ourselves, but we use every means," Wilson said. The issue is delicate. Israel has not ruled out the possibility of a full ground assault. It accuses Hamas of carrying out attacks from Gaza on Israeli civilians, with warning shots fired at any urban area as well as rocket fire from Gaza's high-rise neighborhood of Haifa. Earlier Friday, residents in a Gaza slum said they saw more than 10 rockets fired from territory near the border between Israel and Gaza. "They were fired from all directions, through all the slums and from Israel's tanks," said Bezalel Radov, who lives nearby. "They've destroyed a number of houses and also from the slums." He called for Hamas to cease fire. "Israel expects them to cease their rockets but they still aim at Israel and they seem to be going after Israelis," Radov said. "They're back," he said, adding: "The demand for them to cease fire is one of the most imperative things in the international arena. "At the same time, we have to have diplomatic and military contacts with them to establish a ceasefire. Hamas is not aware of the government saying that or anything else." Hamma Hussein, a spokesman for the chairman of the Hamas military council, said the group called the truce "impermissible." "The parties have agreed to give way to a four-month ceasefire," he said. That report was attributed to Sheikh Khalil al-Hayati, a spokesman for the committee. "We condemned the breach in the ceasefire and the use of heavy weapons in the Gaza Strip," he said.
London (CNN) -- A British man accused of orchestrating his wife's murder by hit men while they were honeymooning in South Africa has lost a High Court appeal to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial.|||Paddy Brindley, 47, was convicted in March of murder for staging the rendezvous and killing in Guernsey, Northern Ireland, but the details are still secret. A court has said there is still a possibility he may recover after a series of trips to the courts. His lawyer, Graham Page, said: "We remain confident that there will be a fair trial in order for Mr Brindley to be sentenced to life without the possibility of parole." A battered Brindley is accused of having murdered his wife Amanda, who was kidnapped, beaten and raped while they lived in a huts in a remote hut in Zanderleidt, just west of Cape Town. She was found dead in the hut three days after the incident. Paula Brindley's husband, who has now been jailed, has gone on trial in the case and faced up to 26 years. The case against Brindley, whose now-deceased wife was arrested in Germany, is pitting him against Anne-Marie Goldsmith and John McKinnon, one of two men accused of killing her in the room where the allegedly adulterous bridesmaid was found with at least 13 dead body parts in a room in a large house in the city's affluent East End. The former Midlands manager of a small electronics store accused the pair of grooming the women for drug use during their honeymoon. She was arrested on suspicion of threatening to kill her. According to Marlborough, who has a very strong South African accent, the men at the time complained that her accent offended their language, leading her to demand proof from the translator of local languages in the courtroom. "Any indication on whether the accent was perceived as being derogatory amounted to contempt of court," she said. The couple had lived in North Wales for nearly five years with their young son, Nicholas. He is now serving time at Truro Penitentiary in Northern Ireland. Brindley had already received about $1.3 million in bail in connection with the trial, and has vowed to fight for his rights if he is convicted. One specialist said the 40-year-old had not yet convinced the court that he would be fit for trial. The high court will have to declare him fit. "This is how we will enter into a meaningful discussion about the law for a couple who married three months after they were court-martialed for a supposed criminal offense," wrote Judge Alan Cooksey. "It is possible we may agree that a first step in proving his guilt and winning a trial must be to bring him into trial on charges relating to the murder of Amanda Brindley." Video: Post-mortem shows $967,527 was spent on the murder of her mother, Rovana in Gurney's home. The court has also ruled that Brindley may face charges of murdering the six other women who were with her during their trip, including Nelson Mandela, who helped buy her out of jail last year. Oscar Martinez, the president of the National Organization for the Rehabilitation of the Toxics, has said it hopes the couple's murder "might be treated as a modicum of justice."
(CNN) -- A Swedish citizen of Rwandan origin was sentenced to life in prison Thursday by a court in Stockholm after he was tried and convicted for his role in the country's genocide nearly 20 years ago.|||A judicial spokesman said the sentence "cannot and must not be reduced to less than death." The man will have to serve 60 years of prison for each of the 10 years that were he charged with murder from 1994 to 1995, he said. A trial with a conviction of murder or conspiracy took place between March 5 and 6 of this year, but there was no indication of when that sentence will be carried out. French authorities said they will investigate whether U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft consented to the prosecution's case against the 64-year-old man. They said they had "a tough job" because his crimes were purely defensive. He was arrested during the trial, which was held from August 12 to 19 this year, and convicted in September.
(CNN) -- One of the main suspects in the killings of 49 people in northern Mexico received orders from the top leaders of the Zetas cartel, a military official said Monday.|||By Lauren Oaxaca, CNN's investigative reporter for Mexico's Channel 12, Hernandez Soto Barreto reports that one of the suspects, Lt. Gen. Rafael Rodriguez, was personally ordered to carry out the killings by Atencio Villa, the state governor of Puebla state, and ordered the killings by Morales de los Cabezas, according to Lina Eblanco Araya, Mexico's military spokesman. Most of the people were captured on Sunday when agents from Mexico's National Guard arrested 16-year-old Ricky Reyna Estrada, who led a car with masked men wearing military uniforms. He is accused of helping his father Alfredo Vera Guzman Sinaloa, the head of the Zetas drug cartel. Killed in the truck-load of victims was Miguel Angel Mancera, who was arrested Saturday as the leader of a drug cartel that has been seeking the murder of 47 people. Reyna Estrada is accused of planning the Sunday murder of Mexican army captain Guillermo Marrero Vargas and his son, Rafael Sinaloa, in July for allegedly consorting with the Zetas drug cartel, while still at large. A few months ago, Zetas seized several soldiers from a prominent city in Sonora state, and the two days ago in the eastern state of Coahuila, Ricardo Ramos Oaxaca said. Last week, Pena Nieto's U.S.-Mexico border security adviser, Mike Flynn, said the military determined the Cartel cartel and other drug cartels that carry out the killing were involved with each other, which has led to the death of two people in the United States. Mexico's police said they will likely bring in more members of the cartel to prevent it from killing more Americans. Before the cartel seized the state and destroyed most of the vehicles and posted roadblocks, authorities connected the crime to an interstate drug trafficking route. The Zetas cartel is considered one of the most powerful in Mexico, and it employs a substantial portion of the territory of the southern U.S. state of Texas. A family of Nuri Hernandez also was killed Saturday in Sinaloa. More than three years after a U.S. raid, Mexico is attempting to crack down on the cartel, which is now considered a threat to the U.S.-Mexico border. "I would say that the Zetas remain an active part of Mexico's criminal organizations, and have participated in acts in this dispute," Mexican Deputy Attorney General Juan Manuel Collazo said during a news conference on Monday. Nuri Hernandez Cordero was last captured in October 2009, ABC affiliate Clarissa Coleman reported. CNN's Neelie Elkington and Peter Bevacqua contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Philadelphia police arrested Carlos Figueroa-Fagot after he turned himself in to authorities who believe he is the man who tried to snatch a 10-year-old girl in Philadelphia, authorities said Thursday.|||Figuroa, 48, lived in Newark, New Jersey. Figuroa was arrested at around 8:20 p.m. at an undisclosed address. He is known to have a dark complexion, according to investigators. Figuroa was originally from Honduras and faces allegations of participating in a sexual assault on a 3-year-old girl, the city's police chief said Wednesday. "The 10-year-old girl reported the kidnapping incident when she was about 10 or 11 at 6:15 p.m. Saturday," John Bolton said, according to CNN affiliate WPVI. "A security camera captured the alleged abduction attempt. "She was crying, panicking, and panicking as she waited to see the women leave the house," Bolton said. "They asked her to pull her knees up to the side of her chest to protect her face." Authorities believe Figuroa-Fagot had a history of sexual assault, Bolton said. Figuroa-Fagot was first arrested near downtown Pittsburgh on a robbery charge in October that left the victim three days old. That was when he was in the United States illegally. According to the Northern District of Pennsylvania, he was arrested in the Panhandle of Delaware, nearly 830 miles northwest of Philadelphia. In January, a man drove up to the corner of Sixth and Clinton streets in the city, trying to give the girl to someone he knew was also in the area, police said. That person, who was not identified, ran away, Bolton said, and a woman police are trying to track down found him about an hour later near Thomas Circle and Chestnut Avenue. "The presence of the hooded male witnesses in this case is just incredibly alarming," Carney said. Police in Franklin, New Jersey, and Newark, New Jersey, also have men they are trying to identify. Last year, Figuroa-Fagot pleaded guilty to attempted aggravated assault and received a lesser sentence after he was convicted on the crime, court records said. In September 2011, Figuroa-Fagot was seen in an interstate surveillance photo after he tried to get into a car in West Philadelphia, according to court documents. Police and police officials in Philadelphia called the girl's mother, Charlotte Walsh. She called 911 on September 9 and left a message for police asking for the girl to be reunited with her mother. The first of three girls called and told the police that they did not know Figuroa-Fagot had run away, police said. The others called 911. Police officers searched the area and detained Figuroa-Fagot for several hours. Schultz asked the public to "show concern about this unknown man" and said police were working closely with the information provided by Wilmington police. Baltimore Police believe Figuroa-Fagot was transported to Johns Hopkins University after he was found Monday, police said. The 1-year-old girl was placed into protective custody after she was found safe, the city's police chief said. No other details were immediately available. CNN's Alexis Sanchez and Michael Joseph contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- After spending more than a month in a Houston hospital, former President George H.W. Bush might get to leave this week.|||Despite Monday's collapses, Bush might be making his return from the hospital soon, fellow Republicans speculated. Sen. John Kennedy, R-La., said last week that the former president likely is on his way to back to the White House. With all the attention on Bush, he said, "I can't see himself leaving." Kennedy spoke with Bush by phone Monday after he was released from the hospital, but it was not clear if Bush was able to hop into a federal transport vehicle and hop in. "He thinks about the American people and thinks about his health, and he's hopeful," Kennedy said. Along with his health, Bush, 94, announced he had retired. His form of retirement is known as a presidential library at Washington's National Museum of the American Indian. He has shown interest in the art and decorating of Bush's prized estate -- 80 acres and outbuildings. Bush's residence is in a warehouse in the living-room of the presidential mansion. In his 1999 memoir, "A Few Good Men," Bush wrote about what he considered the difficulty of transitioning from being the former commander in chief to his role as one of the most influential figures in American history. Bush wasn't the only one to draw notice of his illness. Other members of Congress said they were concerned about his treatment. "He's really in a bad place," said Louisiana Rep. Kristi Noem. "He's been off work, and he doesn't sound well. ... He's not using his mind, and the mental health health has been wrecked." Kelly Brooks, a senior staffer for Bush, said that he was "very concerned." "In his absence, a lot of people have expressed concern that he's in a bad way. He doesn't feel well and I think he just needs to recuperate," she told CNN. When she learned that Bush was to leave the White House in the morning of Monday, the congressman stopped by Bush's office to send a visit.
North and South Korea have agreed to reopen their joint industrial park on a trial basis next week, nearly five months after it was shut down, according to a press release from the South's Unification Ministry.|||North Korea and the United States can resume joint production after there was agreement to return a small part of the artificial Korean Peninsula to its sister nation, according to South Korea. On January 18, the U.S. temporarily shut down the Kaesong Industrial Park, which was one of several joint industrial sites opened along the inter-Korean border. North Korea's nuclear program prompted the inter-Korean assembly that talks stalled last month over Pyongyang's long-range nuclear program and stalled every nuclear test ever conducted by the North until Monday's meeting of the inter-Korean commission. However, the vice president of the South Korean commission, Kim Kwan-sung, said North Korea has allowed the inspection protocol and the inspection materials for the July 7 inspection could be disclosed, according to a press release from the South's Unification Ministry. In a follow-up interview, a North Korean official who witnessed the inspection inspection said the details remain undisclosed. "The South Korean commission has already decided to send inspectors to the North," the official said. North Korean members, including a factory supervisor, have agreed to return within seven days, the official said. "The inspectors can inspect the building if they have inspected inspected a building by the Korean Ministry of Unification, which has inspected its inspection. I hope that will be the same," he said. During the preliminary talks to reopen the industrial park, North Korean officials gave the South Korean government preliminary, routine orders for construction. They include, the inspection of livestock and farms and building temporary infrastructure, including a pig farm. Until now, the farm had not been repaired after repairs were done by the U.N.-mandated Joint Economic Commission in 2013. A South Korean official said on March 27 that North Korea did not ask the joint inspection unit for approval before the restart of the factory site, said Jeong Kwang-min, a deputy spokesman at the Unification Ministry. The North's chairman of the inter-Korean commission, Kim Sang-gyun, told reporters that the decision to resume production will depend on the results of the trial, Kim said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Despite crushing defeats in the last two elections, Senate Republicans have new "energy and enthusiasm" for winning back the majority, according to their leader, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.|||Meanwhile, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has a message for Republicans who are eager for the "non-special" election to be held next month in the wake of Superstorm Sandy: It can happen. McConnell told CNN Wednesday that he thinks the last election would have turned the tide with Americans more focused on legislative priorities. Republicans in his state are too tied to a November House election to see what their path to re-election might look like, he said. "But if we're watching the election results closely, I know that what it means is that we need to make sure that before an election, we're trying to pick a solid base and focus our energy and focus on the Congress. And not to allow this election to be a contest between two very different parties," McConnell said. The senator also acknowledged that lines drawn in election maps can affect voter turnout, according to a senior administration official, referring to political ads that aim to "reconnect voters to their candidate." But McConnell said there are other explanations to his party's broad turnaround in the U.S. midterm election. "If you're going to lose by one point but have people showing up for the polls, that you have a role in the polling," he said, referring to the turnout phenomenon. The recent shift comes after four straight years of GOP losses, and amid signs that anti-tax GOP ads have become more effective than Republican ads. "I think everyone has seen that -- they're much more focused on their candidate," he said. Still, Republicans still face several hurdles to securing the GOP majority next year. According to the latest CNN Poll average, polls show their support for the other party's candidates declining as predicted.
(CNN) -- Mississippi has kept its U.S. heavyweight title for a fifth straight year, among both adults and children.|||Did little did they know: Dr. Phil has finally won the U.S. heavyweight title. According to Dr. Phil's computer program, up to 10 million American men will participate in weigh-ins for the 2018 competition on October 29 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. At least 2 million people will take part nationally, while several hundred thousand will also make an appearance in the UK. "It was a tough draw," Dr. Phil said of the rankings released Friday. "So I asked how it was today. "It was a very difficult night (but) people loved it." Dr. Phil has had some difficulties from the start. In 1999, he lost his close friend and now faces a four-year battle with a 61-year-old British man to keep his world heavyweight title. "It was kind of hard. A lot of people not trained very well," Dr. Phil said. But once he regained the title, he said, he found himself in "a firm position to be somebody very special."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal prosecutors Tuesday urged a Florida judge to sentence actor Wesley Snipes to three years in prison and fine him $5 million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties.|||WASHINGTON -- Justice Department officials now say that Snipes will be in jail for three years, as prosecutors in Florida and the District of Columbia allege. "We ask that U.S. District Judge Tanya Chutkan impose a significant prison sentence, which is necessary to deter potential future tax evaders or large swaths of the population from attempting to evade paying their taxes through participation in a tax dispute," Eric Wenig, a Justice Department spokesman, said in a written statement. The same statement said, "The government must not stand still in the face of a skilled, powerful conspiracy, a known and trusted crook, whose leaders back him up to the last breath. "They do not need, are not ready to, or could not afford the luxury of not committing a crime because he is their son or brother." The 44-year-old Snipes served as Democratic representative for 10 years from 2000 to 2010 from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he won the city's 35th Mayor of the Year in 2001. He later moved to Los Angeles, then to Philadelphia, and ultimately to his current post in Orlando, Florida. CNN's Tim Tebow contributed to this report.
(EW.com) -- Seth Rogen was recently quoted in an Entertainment Weekly magazine article as saying that there have been only one and a half good movies ever made about frat life: "Animal House" and the first half of "Old School."|||Rogen, who directed the movie, says he felt "dominant" over the years that under 20 yrs old, actors do not just screw around. In the movie, Rogen is the bachelor who has no experience of social life outside the fraternity house, though he sheds his virginity at the end of the movie. He's never dating anybody and was a brat at school. The frat party scene, "Ratatouille," is filmed off-camera so audiences are not privy to the torrid scenes that are written into the film. The environment is very gritty and guys get really violent. After running for the Senate in 2000, Rogen says he was inspired to play a club member who puts all those complex feelings aside and claims you can have an affair with anyone. He blames assault and battery in his movie for his shame. "Fifty years ago in the '80s, or '90s, film scripts weren't believable or accurate," Rogen writes. He argues that while you could be paid in character-development money to be a totally irresponsible brat, you would never do that. That doesn't mean we should do that. It just means that it's a fantasy to act like they are completely responsible for every action they do and make them believable. Because to us at least it was all about seeing other people as real," Rogen writes. The qualities that make the ultimate purpose of a movie include dramatic tension; physically intense and long-lasting; intense visual effects; and graphic sex scenes. A key to a good frat party is the idea that there's nothing wrong with the behavior of the members of the fraternity itself. That isn't to say they don't have a problem with other people and certainly what happens at the drinking house at some point -- alcohol takes over and teen girls get sexualized in a way only they understand how it can be. But the movie's main plot is about falling in love without thinking, which leads to the ultimate outcome: the delinquency of a teacher who just left his wife for a miserable boyfriend, not even being able to explain why she is sick. Rogen likens this to "going from tender baby" to a grown-ass man. You don't really know where you stand between yourself and your emotional needs. You have to see what kind of bad behavior you do. It can be a lot of fun. Rogen says he was surprised that he didn't think it would have a 'John Hughes-y' feel to it. He did think he would've had to kill off some kids and continue where he left off with the big hero. While he admits there are some times where he wishes he had paused, "the way the movie ended up was exactly what I wanted it to be, with the mature relationships that it got into."
Thai anti-government demonstrators massed Wednesday outside the Prime Minister's makeshift office, a day after clashes with police in the streets of Bangkok killed five people.|||.inous Thai protesters attacked Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's office after her plane was turned around at an airport outside Bangkok, killing nine officers and civilians. E-mail to a friend Key sequence of events leading to bloody clashes. Protests began in Bangkok on Sunday night. Anger at the Thai government's security forces erupted on Monday, killing 26 people and disrupting hundreds of other people's lives. The clashes began after a law-and-order clash between government authorities and protesters on the eve of the annual national Teachers Day. A military offensive closed down a number of roads, schools and government facilities, setting off a fire and destroying property that was part of the protest movement. Pro-democracy activists tear-gassed law enforcement officers in the capital on Monday. More than five people were killed in the clashes, the latest in a string of attacks targeting police. Sixteen are still missing. Thai protesters are pushing for the removal of the controversial military police squad that killed more than 50 people in December. More than 5,000 troops have been deployed to areas of troubled provinces. Raw safety conditions. Brutal rain followed flash floods Monday, with demonstrators rushing to climb up buildings and block roads. They say it's crucial that high-water jackets are worn by demonstrators by later, so that the water can clear the streets. Demonstrations were backed by hundreds of naval helicopters. Videos showed protesters storming an unknown navy station and a nightclub, before the dancers lifted out a megaphone, which they sang "The Royal Chupats" for anyone to hear. The song has special meaning in Thailand, where its lyrics are reminiscent of the chants of a Thai-language military choir. "I'll wait with my blood for you. Praxiang Lamchai, I want you to remember this day," a choir member was heard saying as protesters crowded around barricades in central Bangkok on Tuesday night. Video footage from the scene showed crowds pouring into the streets, the military and firefighting vehicles set on fire and police firing. Protesters have been periodically building barricades in Bangkok and then running up them. For much of the past week, scores of protesters have been arrested, while a few have been killed in clashes with the security forces. The Bangkok police said the force had cracked down on the barricades Tuesday because the demonstrators ignored their orders. "The protesters began throwing foam, bricks, iron rods and other weapons into the areas where the government works," police spokesman Pol Maj Gen. Pawit Sansayvanaritan told reporters. "They burned a number of police vehicles and set a total of 24 windows on fire."The police had to come into that area to defend the buildings." Another cause, the destruction of property was later blamed for some injuries.
(CNN)  -- Water pressure is restored and it is now safe to drink in a Baltimore suburb where a huge water main burst, sending torrents of muddy water coursing over neighborhood streets and down highway ramps, officials said.|||A 63-year-old man has died after falling into a pipe in Patterson, according to the city of Cecil County, after suffering a stroke. He lived alone on Patterson Lane near Old Post Road in Central Baltimore and did not know how he got into the pipe, which was 25 years old and weighing about 16,000 pounds when it burst Monday, authorities said. "It's a rusty part," said Robert Michael Graham, the area's mayor. "The crack had been for about 75 years." City employees and contractors are working to alleviate the problem. "We're just working with some mechanical pipe hauling company right now to get this thing fixed," said Ray Wells, a spokesman for the county. He believes the water burst was from one of the boom booms that occurred in 1989, where the wall of water then boiled. Wells said the water is now under control. The 2,100-foot pipe burst is about 4 feet underground and has been closed off, according to the city water department. Officials did not provide any other details. In nearby Alsbrook, which is on the Eastern Shore, an emergency management team is working on a two-day roll call, and company representatives have been posted at Valero gas stations. State Water Department Director Matt Perenchio issued a statement that officials would not say how long it will take to get the water to every house on the street and at the garage. "Patterson is getting a lot of help," Perenchio said. "We have crews out in the streets right now, as well as our most hygienic organization, the hydraulic unit unit." Perenchio said hydraulic hydraulic hoses were laid down on a garage pole, as well as on the front and side of each home, where pumps were installed. "There are many small areas on the property that are just starting to come up so it's getting sanded off," Perenchio said. Construction crews have also been working to move contractor workers and shovel a path through burned out grassy fields to drive fiberglass and shingles up the 18-inch pipes. There are also massive holes drilled into the center of the 8-foot-long main serving the neighborhood. "They are so much more expensive than the street current," Perenchio said. "We have seen this happen before, and it's still very rough to start with." Crews are now working to try to patch up the holes. Perenchio said crews will move in by Sunday. CNN's Cara Calmento and Matthew Paletta contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Political consensus was hard to find at last month's Rio +20 Earth Summit but there was at least one group speaking with unity on the planet's environmental and economic future.|||There was no consensus on the environmental agenda at the Rio Summit, but one group did agree on what they hoped would be their successor, "The Green Revolution of the 21st Century." Most of the green movement was dominated by climate skeptics, but members from across sectors including technology, IT, governance and social services were unanimous in their vote. "The Green Revolution will work in tandem with the rapidly expanding ranks of global corporations and world trade organizations to establish a global global technology standard that will stand the test of time in its effort to advance the standard. The Common Core Framework will engage corporations around the world, win them to pledge to the group's commitments, and if these goals are successful form a broad alliance of the groups to standardise and develop new standards, covering 2010 to 2017, digital connectivity and communications technologies, paperless and biometrically readable documents, computer print and storage, data privacy and security standards, digitisation standards and other standards that will underpin digital technology evolution," said Dariush Al-Saidi, director of Environmental-Tech Prize Prize, the San Ignacio Educational and Data Center, in Santiago de Chile.
(CNN) -- A missing 12-year-old girl has been found safe after authorities discovered the bodies of the couple she lived with, Arkansas police said.|||After hours of searching, authorities found Lydia Maples, found in the woods, and taken to Trinity Regional Medical Center in Marion, Ark., hospital, about 40 miles north of Little Rock. Just before 5 a.m., a surveillance camera captured the girl and her unidentified father loading a truck back into a moving vehicle in Wichita, Kansas, miles south of Little Rock. The girl was allegedly missing Monday. DeAnna Miller, her sister, went missing from her home near Fort Smith, Arkansas, last week. Lisa Paxton, also of Traverse City, Michigan, called the number of the next-door neighbor and told investigators, "Lydia and I are safe." She said she sent a text message when she was last seen. It was unclear what prompted the brother to reach out to authorities. "My brother is going to have to deal with a lot of consequences," Lila said in a statement. "Lydia came here for something and it's sad and frustrating." The girl's stepsister, Holly Allen, of Huntsville, Alabama, said she reported her missing to authorities in Alabama on Sunday. She did not know her step-sister was missing, and her information was not immediately released. The newly-released statement said Alabama authorities are in contact with authorities in Arkansas and Texas. CNN's Jill Snyder contributed to this report.
Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria have been killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram Islamists, according to officials and residents.|||The witnesses told the state-run Hausa-Fulani News Agency that fighting at this week's attack was led by insurgents who are local offensives to attack areas they control. Witnesses said armed men set fires to a security camp at about 40 km northeast of Maiduguri. Others reported violence inside the town, and many were injured. Boko Haram fighters led attacks in the northeast of the country last week, forcing the United Nations to suspend an aid visit, said Al-Shafiq Musa, the deputy governor of the Badagry local government area. Thousands of militant fighters were killed in recent months in a string of attacks in the north of the country, said Musa. A resident of Maiduguri said Boko Haram had taken over the town. Three months ago, one of its Abuja-based commanders defected to the military, but it still remains under the control of the militants. People link Mayor Yusufu Jazua of Maiduguri to the killing. "No wonder there's a fear of Boko Haram," said Jazua. Borno state was spared the worst of the attacks, a government spokesman said at the time.
He's played singers, sailors and serial killers, but there's one role that die-hard fans of Jeff Bridges can't get enough of: The stoner.|||"I think ... that I'd probably smoke a smoke in that set so I wouldn't look like a stoner," he told Mark Burnett, the co-host of Showtime's 'Curb Your Enthusiasm'. As ever, Bridges has offered a mix of facts and fiction. The truth of his character, accused serial killer John Steinbeck, yielded plenty of surprising views, including -- for one -- his unhobraked last years. Though true, the truth of his use of pot is something much more complex. According to the director of episode 21 of the series, "Headset," which finds him catching up with friends who've recently moved to California, at one point a guy shows up at Bridges' house and asks, "Is it that bad?" Bridges responds, "Yeah, dude, I heard it's nasty." After a few minutes of conversation, he fires up an old-fashioned pot brownie in The Land of Smoke, which showcases Bridges' imagination. "It's unbelievable how far he goes out of his way to be a stoner," says Kevin Lear, one of the show's producers. "It's a strange ascent from OK for you to get really into the realm. It's like, you grow up having all these kids when they start, and you still don't really feel like they're acting out of character. The camaraderie helps take you a little further into it, especially when the stories get really twisted up or twisted or creative." It's as if to get away from the naïve premise of pot that Bridges drifts into a place called "The Golden City" -- an impoverished town surrounded by goofy weed hills and a metropolis ruled by a weed-induced brothel. "You can hear the creaking of the walls," he says. "I don't know if it's the music of Jack, or someone making some deal with God, or something." It was the story of a certain blockbusting, hippie living in Los Angeles when he fell for a fortune cookie. That pot helped complete the character of Keyser Soze, that actor who plays Wallis Simpson's father in a creepy science fiction film. The male character is played by Jeff Bridges. He appeared as Max, a genius developer with no sense of balance or boundaries, who casually smoked weed when he decided he had to. Other famous weed photos show Bridges leaning forward and leaning over a member of the show's crew. The viewers' faint chuckle as Bridges shoots a strangely stylish cigarette in the corner of the room. Early reviews have been mixed. The story sounds like fun, with a few snarky reviews. But, one viewer thinks it should be banned. "This just needs to go. It's not something I would do," wrote Scott Agutter in the Los Angeles Times. Along with Jeff Bridges, Stan Ferrell, their spots are selling out. A Campbell's Soup can't serve enough pot. Ian Gill, who's part of the show's executive producers, says he's no more interested in cannabis than he is in his favorite pot food. "We make a lot of pot soup, and it shoots out of the ground in this shape," he said. In addition to the movie stars -- or rather, characters -- the episode is based on real-life cult films starring Katherine Hepburn, Dina Mazzar, Katie Hackney and Scott Caan.
(CNN) -- At least 40 people were killed and more than 100 hurt Friday in clashes between tens of thousands of anti-government protesters and security forces outside Sanaa University in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, medical officials on the scene said.|||At least 40 people were killed in overnight protests in Sanaa, Umm al-Qugdah province, along with seven people who were critically wounded, said Dr. Seif al-Kaabi, an adviser to the governor of Umm al-Qugdah. The governor said the clashes broke out in a peaceful march on Friday morning and continued through the afternoon. Yemeni police have remained on duty, according to the military. In the afternoon, clashes erupted again in Sanaa, as well as in the center of the city, between protesters and security forces. CNN's Mahmoud al-Morsy in Sanaa monitored the protests and first reported the crowds' death toll of 40, including at least four protesters and two members of the security forces killed. In the middle of the day, protesters and security forces clashed violently, the International Crisis Group said. In the beginning of the day, clashes broke out between protesters and security forces near Sanaa University in Sanaa. The protesters shut down the campus and set fire to vehicles and private property. A bomb exploded at a Sanaa beach but did not cause anyone any harm, and officials described the scene at the scene as a day filled with peaceful protests. The government forces in Sanaa took the city by force, reporting that more than 750 troops and police had been arrested. In Atabuk, in the north of the country, clashes between demonstrators and security forces broke out in the al-Shabab neighborhood, according to CNN's Abdul Fattah Samra. The police took children from their homes, killing some of them. In Dhamar, thousands of people took to the streets with signs reading "Shame on the Yemeni Authority! No more Ramazan!"
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The A&E network quickly backed away from an earlier assurance that Michael Jackson's three children "are not part of" a reality show it is taping with four of the pop star's brothers.|||Mike Joe, Sharon and David King (front photo) are all men. The brothers last met each other in August 2004 as they attended the Jerry O'Connell nightclub opening of Michael Jackson's world tour in Montana. They had moved on to father-son duos at an outdoor camp in Cool Springs, Illinois. Their mother, Doris Phillips, has said "this is not even an option." It's unclear where A&E is trying to make its point about Jackson's fate. And if A&E is trying to set a reputation by being outright transparent, Monday's show will come off as a sham, two A&E executives said Monday. In a separate statement, a spokesman for Alan Burnett, president of the label and Jackson's estate, said the record label "remains committed to this work and to the future of our family. The amount of responsibility the label had in bringing a new brand and studio to the United States was beyond the reach of A&E at this point." Barrett O'Connor, a production assistant on the show, said it would do everything "to make sure people understand that the children of J. Michael are involved in every aspect of the production and the filming. The show will have less focus on the format than we would like, but, we do acknowledge that a lot of the content is unique," he said. TV: "Don't be afraid of the box," former Jackson child reveals.
(CNN) -- Kyle Green, a University of Minnesota instructor, feels awful that he asked his sociology class to watch all three presidential debates. He should have checked the calendar first.|||Now, the professor says there may not be any Wednesday debate, which opponents say will close out the Democratic primary. But he knows better. "I must apologize," he says in an e-mail to CNN. "I failed." The debate, which was held Thursday night in Illinois, got to him because one of his professors, speaking for everyone else, wanted to switch seats early -- which created a "lot of complications." "I'm not an organizer," Green says. "I am an organizer." At the start of the class, he paid $50 for a computer-screen-equipped auditorium where students could watch the debate. "And I counted the seats where I wanted to sit," Green says. "And they were the exact right seats." "I have to take great responsibility for this," says Diane Johnson, who is directing a similar class called "Engaging Gender Dynamics." As Green learned, the kids drew up a drawing of Nancy Reagan to present at a conference last summer. And as the grades came down, he asked students -- who had chosen a subject in different subjects from literature to history -- what would the next courses look like based on their findings? "Once again, I failed at designing a way to make my own classroom, while acknowledging some of the things that I have said on this course, are actually good, and if I am going to be teaching it, I am going to make a big effort to ensure that it will be because of the things that I believe." Writing for the St. Paul Pioneer Press, Green reported that the following week, the students sampled TV Food:Four multi-day dinner cook-offs, one marathon cook-off and two all-time classics. The reaction of the students at the library during a break in class? "Oh no, I'm not," the students are told. "So I should have checked beforehand." The place where all the students gathered was at the library, where the media are supposed to be. We suspect that a presence of Gary Johnson's campaign chairman was discussed, so he wouldn't be able to cross paths with his constituents. What about Mitt Romney? Did he do it so that he would gain an audience or comment his comments? Because if he doesn't, it seems unlikely that he would. He certainly still has his supporters, but many of his supporters aren't shown to be among them. The official campaign has said there are no plans to suspend the debate itself. But that goes against what Green expects from his students. "I am going to let them have all that to eat," Green says.
(CNN) -- Penn State University revealed a record number of forcible sex offense reports for the 2012 calendar year, more than half of which it said had occurred years earlier, some as far back as the 1970s.|||.ngone'jungle. The time at issue is early. The school said it considers it illegal to claim that you were not informed of a change in law or policy on sexual assault at the time of the offense. "Justice is served if a person makes them feel safe enough to approach law enforcement, even if they have a criminal record," the school said. The school has been grappling with internal and outside corruption allegations stemming from alleged cases of sexual misconduct by a now-imprisoned former onetime student, Jerry Sandusky, dating back to the early 1990s. Sandusky is accused of sexual misconduct against several girls starting in 1999. He has pleaded not guilty. In April, the school announced that 1,800 young men had been disciplined for sexual misconduct, many of them with alcohol or drugs.
London (CNN) -- Coal slag heaps up to 450-feet high may not seem the obvious candidates to join a list that includes the pyramids of Egypt, the Great Wall of China, and Yellowstone National Park.|||"Uncovering the truth about coal mines," the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) said in a Monday statement, outlining the site of the site. After major mining and timberworks were carried out in the 1980s and 1990s, the site was thought to be high-hazard and decayed, with peat-like soils clogging rivers and entering a canyon where the Grand Canyon is located. President Barack Obama cancelled a major clean-up of coal mines in North America in May, citing the growing threat of contaminated rivers and streams. The Obama administration announced that dumping old mining waste sites on public land was being studied for its environmental impacts and potential for recycling. But the DeMines said, well, that has been a difficult issue. Forest crews and a geologists' team were forced to dump more than 400,000 tonnes of old mining waste at DeMines in the Baikal, Arizona, area, to prevent its leak into the rivers and reduce its contamination, leaving toxic mercury and mercury in nearby water. DeMines said the country's ancient artifacts and recreations were being increasingly abandoned, and tourist drives were less likely to bypass the sites. Yellowstone National Park in Montana is one of the most popular sites for tourism in the United States.
(CNN) -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "worst number of attacks" in one day in many years, an international maritime watchdog said.|||The attacks happened close to the Somali port of Galkalay, the international maritime watchdog said. Two of the ships were hijacked on Wednesday and two others were set on fire, it added. No one was hurt in the attacks, which raised fears of more pirate attacks in the seas off Somalia's Horn of Africa region. Earlier in the day, a vessel was hijacked in the same area, the International Maritime Bureau said. Three ships off the coast of Somalia were attacked, the agency said. Two people were killed aboard the ship and its crew was set on fire, the IMB said in a statement. The wreckage of the vessel can only be traced to pirates, according to the IMIB. Al-Shabaab, which is based in Somalia, claimed responsibility for the attacks. The Islamist group accuses the United States of arming and training Al-Shabaab members and of sending troops to the Horn of Africa in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The Somalia Maritime Bureau estimates that 27 ships operate on Somalia's coast. Between 1992 and 2007, 25 to 26 people were killed each year and even more died in attacks, the IMIB said. "All this is a worrying development because it speaks to the potential for the Somali economy to be severely damaged or to worse, the actions of all armed groups in the country," the group said. The group said it would not compromise on its efforts to fight piracy. IMIB said 13 pirates took part in the attacks, most of which involved fishermen and ships that had landed off Somalia's shores and headed for neighboring Kenya, where the Somali pirates attacked shipping containers and ports, according to the International Maritime Bureau. It said more pirates "should come forward in order to establish a stake in Somali ports and attract more trade and remittances from Somali migrants."
Washington (CNN) -- South Carolina political operatives say Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham deftly figured out how to duck, dodge and parry the kinds of conservative challenges that have bedeviled some fellow party incumbents this primary season.|||In his seven-term career as South Carolina's senior senator, Graham has come under constant criticism, including some by Republicans, for his views on questions such as the nation's overseas military presence, increasing the cost of military operations, the threat of the Vietnam War and his work on the modern-day slavery issue. And in his 2007, his first year in the Senate, Graham had only 35% approval rating. When an average Republican primary challenger started getting a little closer to the upper bracket, former North Carolina Rep. Scott Larson, who ran for Senate in 2008, Graham's eventual GOP opponent at the time, House candidate David Dewhurst, smoked him. And unlike many Democrats who went for the middle ground or sought to help keep incumbents from losing, Graham seemed to be the kind of guy who could target only those voters who were more aligned with him. This year, as he continued to dodge questions such as Obama's statements about Israeli-Palestinian conflict and details of his state visit to Egypt earlier this year, he's now the leading Republican in that pack -- though there's still a long way to go. Sometimes known as the "Swift Lane," he's had to dodge questions like, "What about Jerusalem?" "What about where is Egypt?" "Who's the senator there?" "Senator Graham has never gotten the trigger finger on anyone." "He has always been a friend to old friends, no matter how slightly they disagree with you, but he tries not to stray from that fundamental principle." It's that same kind of calm, judgment, calm that has eluded former President Barack Obama. And it's why Graham has spent his career building coal companies and fighting to keep the Southeast and the coal industry from becoming a sand mining industry, even under his own protection. "I wanted a safe place for us to live and I wanted that to be a place that was not too close to this big gambling town -- he didn't like coal mining and he didn't like casinos," Graham said in 2007. "We want South Carolina to be the safest place to live."
Paris (CNN)French lawmakers are weighing a ban on extremely thin models.|||French lawmakers on Monday passed a bill to bolster the Defense Ministry, which oversees the armed forces, to insure female bodies. Sen. Claude Lilibert said the bill aims to close down the "growingly dangerous market" for fat models, who have recently undergone weight loss surgeries. "There will be political pressure," he said. "This is the act which allows the Ministerial Committee to act." It includes a resolution by Senator Valerie Le Clerc, a candidate for the opposition Green party, calling for a ban on the "height of perfection" -- the behavior of male and female models at the height of their shape. In 2011, about 22,000 models fattened up by a diet that was called "Buffalo-cut" but became much stricter. As reported in the AFP, until recently they were kept "cruel and disciplined" for their thinness, under some strict rules. Some were starving, under severe stress, forcing blood thinners on their faces and a rigid regimen of exercise. "Babysitting does not matter in the case of diet," said Simon Hurst, the head of client service in the House of Representatives. He said it could allow French women to attend bigger shows in the future without diet control. "This is a very dangerous practice," Hurst added. On Sunday, French television showed images of professional pilots Iris Olin and Chad Clark carrying bodies. Olin, in particular, have been pictured in those thin suits swathed in horizontal bandana covers, often to emphasize the position the model had been wearing. She is carrying the trousers they would have on the runway. The second model is Julia Deanes, who described herself as "squishy and terribly thin." "I've walked as far as 40 ft from the beach, I think," she said. "I go to see big tigers in Asia, big beasts, the big dragons, the big cats, they live there, they are the lizards. "They are big beasts, we don't call them tuna, but they are great big beasts. "At an event in Taiwan in 2011, young male crew members of the Transport Space Director's Office swarmed into the jungle to swat sharks off the beach, we had big shark swimming through the jungle all the time. They are very, very aggressive, very, very cold and their habitat is massive," she said. "So the sharks, being highly territorial, no place for them." The report says some models are now eating chocolate, other chocolate, and cookies, even some of their own fruit, as well as fatty foods like pasta and chocolate sauce. Read more: Great underdeveloped by whitie
(CNN) -- Pakistan finished top of Group A after inflicting Australia's first defeat in 35 matches at the Cricket World Cup on Saturday, a run which has seen Ricky Ponting's team win the title three times since 1999.|||According to ICC statistics, Pakistan have won their last 40 matches in international cricket, including the 2011 World Cup, while Australia have only won 33 matches in the past 38 years, a run which has seen Ricky Ponting's team win the title three times since 1999. They have last seen victory in 2001, losing to New Zealand by 50 runs. In the opening match, Pakistan beat Australia by nine wickets in style as the Australians collapsed to 75-6. The result means that Pakistan have never lost to an international side at the World Cup in the modern era. "I've been watching the recent games with interest and it will remain to be seen whether we can hold up our end of the bargain and we will," said England bowler A.J. Gill. This was also the first meeting between Australia and Pakistan at a cricket World Cup.  During the match, the Australians were bowled out for a total of 134, with only one of them outside the top-10. As. Akram claimed the wicket of Mushfiqur Rahim with his 40. The total beat the mark Pakistan had set in their last seven matches, including both wins against Australia. Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq (62), who led the home side with 133, said if he can get back to 90 he will "have done his best" in this World Cup and explained his approach to batting. "I'm going to definitely consider playing with any number of options until November," he said. "Then I'll take my time. I will be there for the whole World Cup. I don't know what the expectation is for me but I expect to play. We will see, it's just as important." © AFP.
MEXICO CITY (CNN) -- A 44-year-old Bolivian drug addict and alcoholic who describes himself as a church minister was the sole person responsible for the brief hijacking Wednesday of a commercial jetliner, a Mexican official said.|||The man driving the Land X plane said he traveled to Mexico with a friend when Argentinian authorities caught wind of his movements. He then flew to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where his friend stopped him at La Gomera Airport, and directed him to the Milan Intercontinental Airport in Milan's La Paz region. The suspect hijacked the Land X plane as it was heading to the Colombian city of Valparaiso from La Plata, Bolivian authorities said. Earlier, a police source identified Hector Canales as the man, described as a bearded man wearing a pajama shirt, wearing a banana and a rice rattle. Both people were repatriated to their home countries Wednesday. "He left by private land," the source said. "He said he had a suspicion that he was involved in a gang shootout, he said. "That's what he told his associates and they wanted to fill his head with cocaine, so he planned the target." Colombian security authorities and witnesses reported seeing a man covered with marijuana on the ground when they arrived at the airport. He threw several grenades at police. It was unclear how many, if any, people were killed, said Arturo Angel Natarajan, a spokesman for Argentine President Mario Abargona. Federal police said the attack occurred in some residential areas near the airport. It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack. A statement on the Bolivian government's Web site said "the arrest was successful, and (Luis) Colombia denied any association or link to the situation. "We are outraged at the kidnapping and the case leads to the question of why this would happen in a country with such a terrible, bad criminal situation. We can assume that the U.S. government and its allies who sent these parties are interested in the same issue, whether the international community and Colombia and others are involved or not." All three countries to see a video from the incident, first reported by the Associated Press, have been tight-lipped about their investigations. The American government said it was "concerned" that the organization behind the Latins, Cartel Nacional, had used the Global X plane and parts of La Paz to destabilize the country. There were 12 other hostages, including two Spaniards. The leader of the Border Guards, Nicandro A. Graniego, denied being involved.
SEATTLE, Washington (CNN) -- An outbreak of flu at Washington State University showed few signs of slowing down as more students continued to report symptoms suspected of being from the H1N1 virus, school officials said Wednesday.|||The school's Flu Outbreak Coordinator of Prevention and Disease Prevention Lisa Ginsburg said school officials are worried about what impact the latest outbreak of the flu could have on the school's 1,730 students and more than 55 staff. The new public health threat level for the school was "high" in response to the return of a higher rate of acute respiratory virus (ARRV) cases, according to school officials. The doctor's prescription for H1N1 has been increased from 30 to 40 milligrams a day. About 80% of H1N1 cases are suspected to be locally circulating at hospitals, according to CNN's David Druschner. Other illnesses similar to H1N1 include fever, cough and sinus infection. Some symptoms of severe influenza can include headache and nausea, fatigue, fatigue, fatigue and warmth to the touch. Among those with the flu, up to 50% of people reported having symptoms similar to those experienced during the cold-season flu. Symptoms of flu-like cough include the inability to stand, talk, cough deeply and stick your tongue out, chest pain, trouble breathing, retching and chest tightness. One student reported coughing uncontrollably and coughing up more fluid than the amount she took in at one time. But the health official said it was "so rare these symptoms occur, because the volume of vomit is relatively small and most people only get one or two petits fours at a time." Vomiting can affect multiple organs, and some patients have reported vomiting two to six times a day. Symptoms of the flu can include fever, fatigue, nausea, and loss of appetite. The dose of H1N1 typically peaks between five to seven days after a person is exposed to a virus. The most dangerous side of the virus is the respiratory side -- where the virus requires constant sensitivity to the presence of mucus, coughing, sneezing, wheezing and frequent skin changes. Symptoms include chest pains, watery eyes, fever, fatigue, clotted blood, hives, red eyes and rash. Not having adequate water or food means vomiting and wasting precious fluids. Because fluids are most important, while drinking less water, you are cautioned not to ignore a patient's complaint or voice a complaint. If a sick person does not seek medical attention, the school's flu unit recommends the doctor deliver a flu shot for every student who has had contact with an infected student over the past few days, said Dr. Druschner. The most contagious strain of H1N1 virus is the H3N2 strain.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Police have arrested a Pakistani teenager accused of writing insulting comments about Muslim prophet Mohammed in a school exam, a senior police official said.|||Flowers of the Pakistani Religious Council of the Prophet's name and those of Mohammed in his kama sutra. The cleric is being questioned by the police in Faisalabad, Pakistan, said Dr Faisal Ahmad, who has been released from prison. He said the 15-year-old had written insults about the three-eyed Muslim prophet during the Katorou examination at a school in Karachi on May 5, 2013, a report by Pakistan's state-run TV agency said. The police chief said the boy was from a minority sect of the Shi'ite Muslim Muslim sect and the crime was being investigated by the Multan District Police, it said. It's not clear why the official issued a statement. A day before he had to travel to Karachi to appear in the Katorou examination, he had been away from his home for about three months, he said. Mohammed has become a popular figure in the West, particularly in Britain. He has inspired events that have drawn controversy in Pakistan.
(CNN) -- A former University of Virginia lacrosse player convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend was sentenced to 23 years in prison on Thursday, according to the Commonwealth Attorney's office in Charlottesville, Virginia.|||Janelle Loughner, who was 19 when she disappeared on Christmas Day in December 1997, was convicted in July 2014 of second-degree murder, kidnapping, rape and attempted murder. Jury deliberated for 16 days. Loughner's lawyers appealed the conviction. Loughner's attorney, Bruce Robinson, told reporters Thursday that Loughner does not know why his client spoke against these federal sentencing guidelines and was already involved in an agreement to cooperate with the investigation. "There was no motive whatsoever," Robinson said. "This is the only possible motive out of this." Loughner was last seen alive with James Lee Edwards on Christmas Day, which police believe he committed after a gunshot from an intruder who knocked on the door and asked to see James Loughner's gun, said Charlottesville Police Detective Officer Joel Dunlap. The detective, a retired Virginia Sheriff's Deputy, then began searching for clues regarding Loughner after her disappearance.
(CNN) -- Queen Elizabeth II has a new profile pic. @BritishMonarchy tweeted the image Sunday, noting it was released to mark her 88th birthday Monday.|||Email to the author of "Queen Elizabeth" and much more info about the royal portrait. Click here for the full story. See the rest of page 1. James Phelps posted a famous quote by Queen Elizabeth in 2014 about the difficulty of handling royalty. In his opinion, now is not the time for cake, flowers or birthday greetings. It's time for a portrait. Just for fun, the queen's personal digital assistant, Betty Stevens, tweeted a jokey pic. "This is the worst picture I've ever seen her take," wrote Stevens, a friend from Texas. CNN's Great Britain correspondent Dave Serafinowicz contributed to this report. More: The Queen's favorite artist.
(CNN) -- The Navy identified Thursday the two crew members who died when their F/A-18F Super Hornet crashed during a training flight in central California.|||The 30-year-old Air Force pilot, Mark Marquez, was from South Australia and was flying a F/A-18F on a training mission with two Marines, said Marine airmen Col. Malcom Wallace. The 30-year-old is from Lyell, Scotland, and was a pilot with the RAF. An injured Australian Navy Pilot killed in the crash on Wednesday night also was from Australia. "The navy is deeply saddened to learn about the tragic loss of a Royal Air Force Aviation crew member and the jet crash victim in Southern California in early May," the Navy said in a news release. "There is currently no information on the precise cause of the crash." After the 17-minute crash of the F/A-18F Super Hornet, a Navy cordon was put around it so a Navy recovery team could search for the two crews members. The Navy said that two people went missing in the crash. The authorities have so far recovered five bodies, including the plane's pilot. Marine airman Mark Marquez was the third of the two crew members killed when the aircraft crashed, Navy officials said. Australian Navy Captain John Hannah, was the first Australian to die. The remaining crew members of the F/A-18F Super Hornet had already participated in training operations.
(CNN) -- Not everyone wishes others well in fulfilling their New Year's resolutions.|||Enng is a key character in "Wishes of a Forest" on TNT's Comedy Central. The popular "We Need to Talk About Kevin" led by Clint Eastwood is one of many stories that refuse to die for their New Year's resolutions. Watch "One Fish Dance" played by Damon Wayans at a news conference in 1996 as part of his Life of 365 project. Eastman also won a national $25,000 prize at the contest's closing ball. "Here's my action plan -- should I get serious again?" he says in one tale. "It is the only rule that lasts for a whole day: Don't make a mistake." Another resolution isn't embraced with any sort of passion or energy: eating vegetables out of the garden or being lazy. The other? Eat less garbage. In one of Westland's earlier stories about her resolve -- her new-found desire to get involved in all aspects of her community and animals -- she writes: "I had a New Year's resolution to become an activist in the community but in 2009 I decided to grow food rather than going after other people's problems." That's one reason why others in Westland are reluctant to join her.
The first commercial supply mission by Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned Cygnus spacecraft has docked at the International Space Station, NASA said Sunday.|||Coxencore, a Spanish service module, was zigzagging toward the orbiting space station with a chamber that could hold up to 16 scientists and engineers. What's the value of cargos like that? "This is a really good start, to establish a space station at least halfway up on our 'indefinitely profitable' list," said NASA spokesman T.J. Hoeven. The space station would be crowded this time of the year, he said. Cygnus, an unmanned Cygnus spacecraft, docked this week after being launched from the company's New York spaceport on October 24. The space station had been unmanned for more than two years, but has seen an increased number of human supplies and equipment as well as a steadily growing load of solar panels, Hoeven said. Another cargo craft, the Chinese Progress, delivered several tons of solar panels from a Canadian mission to the space station, he said. The supply ship will also carry the U.S. And European Space Agency's Expeditions 4 and 5, high-value cargo that carry equipment for the orbiting space station. Hoeven said: "Our Space Shuttle delivered one mannequin and strapped on 16 solar panels, one for China's Yutu space station and one for the European Space Agency. In between, we took a very short 17-minute spacewalk, as we did not have any part of the servicing, while we also had the solar panel system made." JPL, which supports the Space Shuttle program, said technicians gave the space station a month to reattract the missing Zenit communications outpost, some of it with a rollabout 500 meters (1,300 feet) up in the air. Jeff Nimitz, NASA's deputy administrator for S.I. said: "We hope the space station can be stocked up by the Christmas, and then we will have it ready for the holiday season." Stankomov Cosmonautist Stanislav Antonov said: "We're excited about the Cygnus' spacecraft because it showed a stronger U.S.-Russian bond than we first thought." NASA's Antares rocket lifts off from the launch pad in Cape Canaveral, Florida, April 1.
(Health.com) -- Women who take fish-oil supplements during pregnancy are just as likely to experience postpartum depression as those who don't, and their babies' minds don't appear to develop more quickly, according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.|||Pink and orange back light; Oil-and-fish oil pregnancy leads to less gray hair and hair growth -- and less gray in the newborns' cells. Lower food pH, energy density and fertility. Higher rates of clogged lumen. Far inferior neurological function, high stress response, low cognitive function, lower gait. Notably, the study was not able to find any consistency across mothers with mixed levels of intake of either omega-6 or omega-8 before or during pregnancy, and the studies were carried out in 30 women and 20 women who already used fish oil. (Mothers who consume fish oil in the neonatal period, however, have increased odds of exceeding recommended intake of omega-6 for a given prenatal dose.) As with most prenatal omega-6 supplements, the study's main question was whether maternal exposure to fish oil can promote neurological development. "How can we demonstrate that omega-6 comes into play in the prenatally exposed maternal population?" asked lead author Jon Vela, M.D., a researcher at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dental history, blood type, and prenatal exposure data were used to check whether O-6 is present in the mother's blood, in particular in fasting states, during pregnancy and in the very early weeks of the child's life. Fish oil is produced from algae, similar to what our bodies produce from our own echinacea. Analysis of major fish-oil supplements was conducted at the same time that researchers were looking at prenatal food intake among 39 women at the 37th, 38th, and 39th levels of blood concentration. Two of the researchers said they were surprised to discover that O-6 intake (the percentage of recommended fish-oil intake among pregnant women) was in the range of the women who didn't use it at all. The researchers plan to begin a review of the existing literature and develop an adjusted recommendation for women who do take fish-oil supplements before and during pregnancy, and they hope to develop recommendations for improved nutrient management.
Rapper Gucci Mane will serve 39 months in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to a federal firearms charge.|||Gucci Mane likely won't face mandatory federal prison time after pleading guilty to federal gun charges and three other offenses, authorities said. For each count, the rapper, the 45-year-old New Orleans native — a fourth-time felon who has been on the federal "UNY" list for years, was ordered to serve at least one year in federal prison. He first pleaded guilty in January to a felony firearm charge in Delaware County Superior Court, but he's facing the same charges in Michigan and Ohio because of new federal charges. The Michigan gun charge is a new federal indictment, filed a week after the gun was removed from its "UNY" list. The complaint accused him of being a felon in possession of a firearm, having invested in a drug trafficking conspiracy and conspiring to transfer firearms "in interstate commerce." The defendants agreed to a modification of the existing 18-year sentence for their participation in the firearms conspiracy, which is to be served concurrently. A deputy district attorney supervised the three defendants during their time in court, who will now serve all of their time before their sentence is sentenced. Gucci Mane served 31 months of his nine-year sentence for his first federal charge, which was levied in Illinois. He spent nine years in federal prison and was sentenced to the fourth most wanted federal number, 21, in June 2011. He was already incarcerated, awaiting his extradition from Delaware, but he "was barred" because of that allegation. Authorities said the current conspiracy stemmed from the weapon that the defendant used to fire the gun, and that he had also been in possession of marijuana and firearms in another state. The criminal charge and firearms charges were filed in Michigan in late July, the indictment said. A total of 21 people, including two members of U.S. Marshals Service, were indicted in the case in 2017. The men face as many as eight years in prison on most of the charges. The state offense was first brought in 2012 and it was subject to a court-martial. Wisconsin Gov. Jeff Colyer announced a federal "Operation Store" in an effort to crack down on drug trafficking and arm thieves. He decided in 2013 that the state would prosecute the defendants involved and, in part, the state began issuing the warrants for guns they could be used to protect themselves from.
(CNN) -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest.|||"They have accepted or don't care about beauty. Women who say they have never worn the burqa can, just like men, find they are hiding something very important." Why is this so important? After what happened to me, and many other Muslim women I know, women's rights are sacred. Therefore, society and the majority of Muslims are falling for that. Women who wear the burqa are targeted with threats of violence. For example, young girls who want to leave school and without permission are bombarded with images of disfigured genitalia, disfigured breasts and disfigured buttocks. In the case of girls who have been genital-damaged, a special state-approved process is made to feminize their female genitalia (DMG). Female genital-related problems were first brought to my attention by hormones, more than 30 years ago, but it has been only since then that these matter of inclusiveness have been featured as a goal. It is not only women in Pakistan who are targeted because of their gender but also women in other countries who dress in this way. At the same time, there is the more progressive aspect of the veil. This "lesser veil" provides a little bit of protection for women who are living in different countries. The country also has a tradition of respect for sexual identity of every gender, regardless of the orientation. This has also caused the modesty of men. In the United States, numerous middle-class, "masculine" women -- many of them white -- have been victimized by jokes about dressing in pants and revealing their faces. Some of these young women consider these remarks to be offensive to their femininity and to female identity. View them in the mirror.
(CNN) -- At their president's urging, Sri Lankans took to the streets Sunday to rail against a critical United Nations report that found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country's civil war.|||The president "ordered state officials and the media to cease their activities until there were no more inflammatory comments," U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said at a news conference at the United Nations. He also urged Sri Lanka to "defend and encourage the fact-finding commission until the proceedings are over with. And while the results of the report may take some time to come, the report must provide an exhaustive account of all credible allegations of crimes by both sides and of war crimes, crimes against humanity and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country's civil war. The commission will be set up through a Presidential Human Rights Commission that has been going through the legal process, wrote a non-binding report issued last summer, which states that it plans to present its findings to the United Nations General Assembly and any other relevant powers in the near future. The United States said it had confidence in the 100-member panel. State officials have asked the International Criminal Court to expedite its work, and also the Justice Committee of the Committee of Inquiry to investigate what it described as "terrific" attacks on schools and churches. But that of the United States State Department warned that the rating agencies were "disturbed by the gravity of some of the judicial findings announced in the report." The Commission took steps to ensure that the blame for Sri Lanka's war crimes did not go to the perpetrators, and local experts said the Supreme Court seemed to have failed. The committee's alleged bias against religion was not at all welcome in South Asia.
(CNN) -- A Georgia man allegedly slapped a toddler at a Walmart store because she wouldn't stop crying, authorities said.|||Trisha Windsor slept in her car seat in the store parking lot Thursday night. Upon waking, she slumped over her father's lap and began screaming. The woman called 911, and Birmingham police arrived about noon. The woman described her husband, Blackmon Windsor, 30, as her husband, an employee of McKinney Police Department. The woman is a special education teacher at McKinney Elementary School and is quoted by the Bulloch County Police Department as describing his son's reaction when she pushed him. Her daughter, Haley Grace, told police he started "breaking into a scuffle with the lady's daughter" -- who wasn't injured, she said. The woman told police she identified herself as the mother of the young boy, Kingston Capella, 14. After a struggle with Webster, she said that her husband had hit him, according to CNN affiliate ABC-TV in Atlanta. He was able to get back to his feet and was arrested. Both Windsor and the toddler were taken to the hospital for treatment, she said. However, the girl remained in police custody.
(CNN) -- Do you ever look at your smartphone and think it's just too stiff and flat? A growing number of tech giants have, and they're aiming to fix that with what may become the next wave of smartphone innovation.|||Stanzilikomi.com says that as a result of the development of the new, futuristic shape of the iPhone X and it's successor, the design will hold "a cost advantage over a conventional flexible and thin battery." "We're proud of being the first to build a block-shaped system capable of stacking with an extra layer of material such as glass to increase weight, bulk and visibility without compromising the power density," says Scott True, chief executive of True. Lithium-ion cell leads will be supplied by LFE.com -- "a specialized cell line that can function over long-range use and contain liquid current." "These LFE cells will have a range from 6 to 16 miles and enable phone manufacturers to create devices with large carry capacities and larger battery memories," True says. "The LFE battery portfolio extends to the larger battery cell, allowing mobile devices to be used in wider ranges." "We're sure to see larger, improved battery technology coming to mobile devices in the future," says Ted Chilman, a patent attorney for the trio. They also are working with Arista to "create a product that we can judge from the first time you use it." "Glass within its own frame," he says, "will indicate the architecture and overall look of the system, making this a glass tablet rather than a device." "Much of the material itself is cool," writes a spokeswoman for LG, "as a result of it being a thin, hard and flexible form." "Everything that goes in it has an aesthetic aspect; the glass, for example, is a lot more aesthetic than the body. "They're a very sturdy device with a wide range of catch angles and a relatively flattened composition." Lee Gang, a senior research associate at Xconomy, said these devices' function also "remain fundamentally simple," both functionality-rich and thoughtful. "We're aiming to solve this problem of managing sizes," he says.
(CNN) -- A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect, who also died, authorities said.|||The shooter, identified only as Tracy Miller, 52, was being sought by detectives in connection with a February killing outside of Fort Pierce, Florida, said Harris County Sheriff's Lt. Jack Ford. "While entering a vehicle in addition to the vehicle that the officer was driving, the car was shot and overturned," Ford said. "This driver then exited the vehicle and engaged the officers." Crawford County, Florida, sheriff's officials are leading the investigation of the shooting and have seen "significant" signs of the possible shooter's tattoos, Ford said. Miller and a friend had previously been in a car, according to the driver's Facebook page. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement called the incident "a terrible tragedy" and said authorities would have no further comment, except that death was in fact a possibility. But, Louisville City Councilman Wade Mcgee, a Democrat, tweeted that he had "just gone to gun point" during the incident. Mullica Highway Patrol Lt. Robert Gaynor, a supervisor in Columbia County, South Carolina, said the suspect shot and killed another deputy with a gun. Charges for felony murder are possible, Gaynor said. Rep. Al Divers, spokesman for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, said police are providing a high-visibility vehicle to make contact with the driver of the van. Jackson County Sheriff's Deputy Bryan Brunson, who was working at the scene, was killed, and the deputy was also shot, deputies said. In addition, Harris County, Florida, Fire Marshal Joseph Brown said, police also were investigating the fatal fire. Strong: "We were lucky that we had contact with this suspect and the responding police officer."
Philadelphia (CNN) -- A Philadelphia judge threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Dr. Kermit Gosnell, the abortion clinic doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions at a bedraggled facility.|||After a judge approved a draft recommendation, prosecutors vowed to pursue charges that charged the doctor with crimes related to the case, the Medical Society of Philadelphia announced Monday. Gosnell is accused of performing illegal, elective abortions during late-term abortions, a procedure deemed legal by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2001. He has been a prominent proponent of the practice in the United States and was a longtime U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom. About 40 abortion clinics in Chicago, Illinois, were monitored by police after Gosnell was arrested for the late-term abortions, prosecutor Robert Zmuda said. "That makes up about 40 percent of all of the late-term abortions in the United States," he told CNN. In February, Chicago's Mayor Richard Daley vowed to take action against some of those clinics, saying they are "close to the heart of murder," referring to suspected overdoses, gruesome injuries and wrongful arrests. Zmuda said there were dozens of charges pending against Gosnell, who is under investigation. "Policing for any criminal activity should only include how much a person continues to help or stop victims from being harmed," he said. Gosnell launched an aggressive campaign in the mid-1980s to obtain money to conduct late-term abortions, and the Paterson, Pennsylvania, abortion clinic became a target. After several attempts to find women who had late-term abortions, the Paterson murder investigation brought in Chicago, Attorney General Mike DeWine, Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan and the Chicago Police Department. That's when Gosnell came to prominence. He worked at the Norwood, Illinois, clinic on the West Side of Chicago. Gosnell was charged with illegally killing five babies under the age of 12 years, according to prosecutors. The violence at Gosnell's clinic, known locally as "The Pig," is alleged to have killed 26 children under the age of 12 -- children who had known their mother to go to his clinic to get abortions. About 600 women ended up becoming pregnant in a four-year span during that period. An investigation into the criminal activity at Gosnell's clinic concluded in 2012. When Chicago police became aware of pregnant women being taken from abortion clinics across the city, DeWine said, investigators began investigating. He said they began interviewing women and bringing them to the clinic after they expressed concern that the "prostitution" being performed was hurting them, and that the court ruled that officials would have to prosecute them, as well. On Thursday, a judge continued to mull a new draft of the case. Prosecutors say there are no new charges to file, but legal representatives said last week they would change the standard for any more charges if a defendant who possesses a handgun is implicated. Also Tuesday, the defense motioned for Gosnell's death penalty to be considered as part of the case. The defense said attorneys should not be afraid to be aggressive against Gosnell, because "there will be no wrongful arrests." The government will continue its efforts to get federal prosecutors to prosecute Gosnell, who lives in Pennsylvania and Washington, and get his murder conviction overturned, according to reported media reports.
The Somali pirates roaming the waters off the Horn of Africa push global trade costs up by billions of dollars per year and severely affect the economic activities of neighboring countries, a new World Bank report has found.|||"What is most disturbing is the speed of the rise of dangerous activities and abuses in the region," the report said. Armed Somali pirates make up about half of all attacks on international ships by armed carriers and carriers that menace the U.S.-operated maritime routes along the Horn of Africa, the report said. The pirates take these vessel's personnel, cargo and trade at high rates, increasingly destabilizing maritime routes, the report found. "Given the vulnerability to these pirates, it is a sobering reality that the ability of countries to respond to international financial and trade transactions could be forced upon a private party, whether it's a businessman, a potential sponsor of the opposition or a shadowy network of scammers and smugglers operating within international waters," said Jack Schwartzberg, the World Bank's Somalia and Eritrea Analyst. The same report found that Somalia has been the most dangerous of the seven nations -- making up one-sixth of the maritime transnational trading net -- in 2012. It says Somali pirates have carried out nearly a third of the global pirate attacks so far this year. The majority of the attacks also hit ships that travel to Europe and the United States. "Piracy in the Gulf of Aden is the leading cause of death among foreign workers and during the height of the second quarter of 2012, deaths from pirates in the Gulf of Aden increased almost threefold," Schwartzberg told CNN. Attacks occur even as ships move from their destinations to port in neighboring countries, according to piracy experts. According to the study, pimping out the piracy is at the root of almost all the attacks, including shipping companies exporting goods from Somalia, indicating the country's sluggish economic activity, the report said. Somalia is the top offender of piracy in the region. "Ship-to-ship pimping is a growing problem for the Somali economy," the report says. "Piracy increases the cost of commercial shipping and therefore puts greater strain on the economy of each country and, at the same time, on the government's ability to provide food and other basic security services." The report calls on Somalia's security forces, who are working tirelessly against piracy, to use their full powers to preserve civilian life and ensure that the threat of piracy is minimized. It states that "the vast majority of people in Somalia are left alone, but the intense pressure of the pirates allows the pirates to gain a degree of control over their increasingly small populations, which can impose punitive measures against those who still remain." "Members of the political elites in Somalia are vulnerable and are being targeted for exploitation and also held as hostages," the report says. "They have little recourse but to resort to violence." It adds that Somalia has been a pivotal player in securing its territory from the pirates, adding that the biggest single blow to the economy and confidence was the increase in terrorist attacks in the group's home country. Key to ending piracy is improving the safety and security of U.S. borders so citizens can move safely from ships to shore.
London, England (CNN) -- Can we all get a better deal by making purchases together?|||In response: Transact our lives together! How do we deliver what we want and get it for the price we pay. Were you there? See. Subscribe to CNN iReport.
(CNN) -- It wasn't until December 6 that Latinos could access CuidadoDeSalud.gov -- the extremely delayed and poorly translated Spanish version of HealthCare.gov. The thrown-together Spanish website has been a thorn in the President's side with the Latino community.|||The President's office says Cuidado de Salud is an "actionable effort to [ensure] that people of all colors and backgrounds are able to access public health information, particularly for young Americans." One politician, Texas State Sen. Geraldine Beau-White-Smith, is from Dallas, where there are many Latina immigrants and plenty of Hispanic families who are prepared to stay and pursue opportunities for self-sufficiency. In her state, the State of Texas served as the site of a health-care reform initiative last fall for only approximately 6,000 Hispanics and their children. Politico reported that the site is a long way off from being up and running in areas where Latinos live -- such as Iowa, New Mexico and Texas. "The system crashed," a reporter for Politico wrote on Monday. The translated version of the website has yet to be tested, though. And there are problems from the language for the map. Much of the country is a sign, but the maps aren't black-and-white. But for the Lone Star State, the problem isn't just that Latinos are not around for the day it gets up and running. "We as Latinos have always worked hard for public health and we were really angry that this could not be done for us," Iowa State Rep. Jose Ruiz said. "We felt that we were not treated fairly by the administration." It's hard to imagine that anybody in Puerto Rico would prefer Cuidado de Salud to HealthCare.gov -- the extremely delayed and poorly translated Spanish version of HealthCare.gov. Click here to get started. See a map of where the site is located.
(CNN) -- Authorities in Utah evacuated a passenger plane Thursday morning after receiving a bomb threat, a spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City International Airport said.|||It was initially reported as a bomb threat, spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City International Airport said. Emergency responders had taken a westbound plane out of the air to avoid the threat, but were unable to clear the aircraft, said the airport's spokeswoman, Tammy Milner. The Air Force Chief Operating Officer, Scott Maloney, issued a written statement following the incident saying, "The bomb threat did not travel through a cloud-shedding air weapon, and the situation has now been cleared by air traffic control." He did not elaborate on his statement. Air Force said it is working with Phoenix's E-Gulf to investigate. "We appreciate the patience of the people that safely evacuated the plane and the airport, but we are working with the City of Salt Lake City and the National Transportation Safety Board on this incident," Mike Stratton, spokesman for the airport said. Flight 191 was holding 225 passengers and six crew members at the time of the incident. The plane was expected to leave at 7:25 a.m. (7:15 a.m. local time) for Phoenix. They will be taken by Southwest Airlines to their final destination of Phoenix. The Air Force has scheduled a second fixed-wing charter to Phoenix to take them to Salt Lake. The second available flight will take off around 6:15 a.m.
(CNN)  -- A 23-year-old beauty queen and seven men arrested in vehicles loaded with weapons and cash near the central Mexico city of Guadalajara have been transferred to Mexico City, the state news agency said Wednesday.|||The conviction comes in the wake of a community effort by Guadalajara municipal police to make the entrances at the entrances of a medical facility, a plaza and a school. Authorities were searching for alleged accomplices for the city's "Slave Week" March 23 event that honors people who have served in the military or the military and are considered symbols of the Mexican culture. When Vanessa Guadalupe Lima, 22, brought into custody, the beauty queen acknowledged her offending and said that she has "all the honor in the world" for the award. Last year, she won two grammy awards and five other awards, the organization announced. In October, police arrested 14 people in a drug-trafficking operation and said the weapons seized came from the Sinaloa Cartel, which has been a deadly U.S.-backed drug trafficking organization for decades. Police don't describe the cartel as being in general -- but said six members of the Sinaloa cartel were arrested on Tuesday alone -- and were picked up unharmed, unharmed. The alleged drug gang has demanded that police destroy 500 bags of knives and carvings, street signs saying "big hands (would make them) smart" and "back my butt." However, according to Lima, the suspected gangsters surrendered Wednesday and told police they had 200 more bags of drugs and cash in their possession. The family, Lulin and her father, said police carried weapons inside the property of Chilaca de Calzada, the city's only teacher-friendly public school. Another eight men who made their way to the school Sunday night were accused of hazing, though police do not report details. Of those arrested, four were released, while the other two are awaiting trial, organizers of the project said. The Chilaca assault took place near the school, authorities said. Authorities said the accusations, made less than four years ago, were based on evidence they did not review, media reports said. Following the violent crackdown in the city, a new drug war broke out involving the armed gangs known as Sinaloa Celluloid. Mexico's Supreme Court recently blocked the new president's amnesty plans on drug trafficking and this week accused hundreds of traffickers of trying to flee the country.
(CNN) -- It took more than five years to build, but since its opening last year, the Guangzhou Opera House has become the jewel among the sprawling Chinese megacity's bland urban landscape.|||The 5.5-million-square-foot opera house was the centerpiece of the Sang-daouu Jazz Festival. An hour later, the hall's sparkling lights heralded a grand return of opera to China. Opera Stations in China was performing on weekends in 2010 and later that year. It received over 400 operas -- the fourth in three years -- at the opera house as well as civic celebrations. The National Audubon Orchestra of China performed Friday night. Bryan Kristoff led the orchestra, with Dick Szajac conducting, Boris Tinbergen conducting, Bouncer Nik Jackson and Boris Shaikhar performing with Oh Nana singing. King Ma Kun himself performed at a VIP day for opera audiences. Reinbert Gartner was among the administrators of the music ministry. Zhang Qing, of the Guangzhou Municipal Corporation of Fine Arts, said that the facility should be an "international icon." Lin Xuexia, Art Director of the JDC, said opera's artistic director Liu Hongsheng and designer George Keith made the decision for the venue. "These few people needed so much money, and they had such a great vision for this venue," he told the People's Daily. The Guangzhou opera house has offered audiences a rare opportunity for a musical show. Based on a "palace of nature," the building's facade follows a methodical approach, said Douglas Mann, chairman of the group that helped to develop the design. The windows and the door trim go around an entire facade projecting down a deep bar to a rooftop, which then runs down into a section of corrugated metal roof. The third ceiling, formed in a multi-directional slice along the sound wall, features huge etched niches that look like rivers. So this ivory building is wrapped around its finished open-air stage. The finished building, eventually, will stand just 35 feet high. A concourse will be built around the stage, which provides the performer's passage from side to side. Both balconies — which will also house the ticket booth — will also be on the larger stage, with what the company calls "complete access" to the audience. Visitors will ring the doors and hand out keys from an operator attached to an electric board known as a "pattern light." At the front of the theater will be a plaque that features a detailed hourglass on the main brass plaque in a historic, Mao-style style. The "guiding guidance" button looks like a Chinese princess's dress that once was Sarah Young, or a bust of an opera singer. "To take the role of the Boss from Xiaogong Liang to Wang Yang, people have to understand that this palace is a palace," said Daniel Eloby, Shanghai Opera President. "The stage before the operas bears the special characteristics of the stage on which opera takes place, like the great hunt and unexpected encounters." For classical theatre, the stage bears the marks of many different animal species, such as the boeing horse or the king or the royal regent. The structure, which opened in March, 2011, was highly distinctive in modern architecture because of its courtyard design, said Gordon Chan, chairman of the Frankfurt, Germany-based R&D consultancy firm KFJ Architects. "Using a major artist with the large scale of that building brings a degree of visual force to a form that you see only in major works of art that have been presented in this brand," he said. The opera house is currently hosting performances for the Japan Center for Contemporary Arts. Seen from the ground: The space provides a clear view of China.
(WIRED) -- The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social media sites from its networks, effective immediately.|||Twitter and Facebook are no longer welcome in the military. Marine Corps spokesman Lt. Col. Ed Naylor said on Monday that a formal ban was issued. "The government is asking us to please remove and analyze the actions of Twitter, Facebook and MySpace, as well as other social networking sites," Naylor told CNN. "We have expressed our formal concern about any unauthorized use of our channels of communication, including in our public or private community." The move mirrors a similar move by the Army earlier this year. The Pentagon placed such social networking sites on its banned list, and they have been removed from its networks for a number of days. The Marines had a longstanding problem with tweeting. "We know there has been a willingness in the media to exploit this [for] a negative purpose," Naylor told CNN last summer. "Some of our soldiers and Marines feel that the fact that they are actively being drawn to Twitter and other social media is anti-Marines. "The Marines understand that, since these sites are used to profile, recruit, and interact with members, their personal information may be compromised. "It is our legal obligation to ensure that no data is provided on our networks." Twitter and Facebook have since been banned from the Marine Corps' network, as have state-run news and and national news sites. The move was prompted by complaints of harassment and hate speech. In its release, the Marine Corps announced that Naylor was fired Monday. He is now a colonel in charge of the 3rd Military Affairs Group's marketing support group. According to the company, Naylor never tweeted that he was fired, although he did share the following message in response to his firing by Marine Corps Secretary Ray LaHood: "He was terminated because of an assault and a crime." In the midst of Twitter wars -- dating to 1999 -- people might be turning to social media for the hottest topics today: (1 of 2 pictured below) (2 of 2 pictured above). On Monday, The Daily Beast claimed that Captain William Valle was fired for allegedly promoting a popular YouTube video called "Youth in a Gym," by his wife Shirley Valentine. The details, and why these sites might be popular were not immediately clear. Still, Naval Radio is excited about this change. To hear how John F. Kennedy honored the dead during the National Thanksgiving Hootenanny, the fire department in Richmond, Virginia, said in a release. In addition, Warner Brothers, the owner of Vineyard Vines, said in a statement that it had "good relations" with the Marine Corps. Wired reported on the news earlier this year.
(CNN)One of Hollywood's most attractive couples is heading down the aisle.|||A few decades after this intimate moment, Rodger Russo and Julia Davis must be thrilled to find themselves in the center of a happy couple. They've been dating for almost five years, according to People. The couple first met when they were shooting "La La Land" together. The brooding horse trainer took the win when his client, Oscar winner Rodriguez, dumped the newly single actress. The two opened the door to a long relationship. "There was just something about watching them together, and loving the person she was," the actress told People last year. "You see Rodger in every one of his movies, loving his lady, always kissing her." Upon meeting, fans were ready to party. Bravo. Two years later, they're singing together in the star-studded West Coast red carpet. "I love it! It's so wonderful, because it's so American. It's like you're hanging out with your American girl," said Julia Davis. If that were her partner in life, she'd have become Mrs. Internet sensation Justin Bieber's girlfriend.
Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) -- Thousands of apparel workers clashed with police in Bangladesh, demanding higher pay on Monday, police and officials said.|||At least two police were injured during Monday's clash between demonstrators and police, said police officer Shirazi Shamsur Rahman. "It was violence. The workers, although tired, were still determined to show the strong resolve for a fair pay," Rahman told CNN. The demonstrators came from across the country. In Dhaka, shopkeepers also brought pickets, he said. The scuffle took place as shoe companies and others closed their shops. The Prime Minister agreed with the trade unions in taking up the issue, Rahman said. Police said the government had promised to monitor the strike "to make sure that there were no crimes taken," police official Abhishek Bhattacharya told CNN. Chanchol reporters said two civilians were shot and police arrested two other persons in connection with the skirmish. "There was also a clash between people in a motorbike and a police vehicle," police official Malik Anwar Sharif told CNN.
London (CNN) -- The ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood said the precarious finances of L'Wren Scott's fashion business may have played a role in the late designer's apparent suicide.|||Jordan Helen-Elizabeth Stanley, who was married to Ronnie Wood for 12 years, told CNN she had no idea what the specifics were of the case. "It's hard to say where they are at right now. I think they've got some things sorted out now," she said. "Ronnie and L.W.'s mate, Neal, were happy together. It doesn't mean that we can't have a conversation. But unfortunately it didn't happen between L.W. and Mr. Wood." Stanley, who was married to Lennon's brother Keith Stone from 1964 to 1978, was at the Birdcage Ecuadore cat grooming event on Saturday. She said she was informed that her husband had taken "a large suitcase full of prescription medication" into his house at 2.45 a.m. late Saturday. Stanford, 80, told CNN, police are "very, very very concerned about the circumstances" of the death of her husband, who had been suffering from a heart condition and had recovered from the drug overdose, but asked for privacy. "It's very worrying. I don't even want to talk about this," she said. "I wouldn't know anything but what happened before." The designer was given her pentagon penthouse apartment in London in March by her friend and business partner, Shamala Stanford, Stanford said. Journalist Jordan Stanley said Scott "fell into despair" over the summer when attempts to sell some of her luxury fashion titles started to falter. "I think she was trying to catch a break," she told CNN. "It was just a very difficult, very difficult time financially. It's very difficult because the first time I was there for a family and everything was just right." While Kendall and Crawford refuse to comment on his loss of business, Stanley told the BBC, "Ronnie and I survived it." "It was an absolute nightmare financially," she said of the family business which depended on L.W. Scott for its profits. "It cost me very, very much. It cost me so much to lose. I had to be worried about Ronnie to the point where I had to put money down and put my life in that direction." Stefan Stanley said she and Ronnie split in 1996 and never saw him again. Stanley, who is married to rocker Peter Townsend, said Monday she had heard that a number of people in the fashion world asked how the company was going to make ends meet. "Now that there is no longer a gloved client anymore and we've lost some sales, that situation has gone from nightmare to pretty much reality," she said. Scott died at the age of 55 on Saturday. His clothing, shoes, jewellery, shoes, purses and watches have all been repossessed, her friends and family said. Stanford told CNN last week that L.W. Scott was planning to sell her three children's clothing lines.
(CNN) -- Heavy rains caused flash flooding across the Boston metro area Saturday, stranding cars and causing damage, the National Weather Service reported.|||"There are some stranded vehicles in areas affected by flooding, and one roadway was closed due to crashes. We are not anticipating any serious injuries or damage from any flooding," Jeff Gansner, a meteorologist at weather.com, told CNN Saturday night. "If you have a chance to come out on any roads, do take advantage of it." But the National Weather Service said no one was in immediate danger because the storm was short-lived and would bring back rain before it was over. Rain forced streets and highways in far northeastern New England to close. The region remained closed as of late Saturday morning. The statewide flooding occurred in New Hampshire, New York, Massachusetts, Washington state, Connecticut, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Alabama and Georgia. In New Orleans, six people were confirmed dead in a house fire Saturday morning, Louisiana state Gov. Jimmy Carter announced. The victims are from Louisiana, New York, New Jersey, Kentucky, Tennessee and Maryland. Investigators believe the cause of the flooding may be smoke. More details about the cause of the flooding are expected in the coming days, according to the weather service. According to the RainTrack app, another storm system was expected to take center stage in New Orleans, Louisiana. Raintrack features weather activity related to storms. CNN's Ryan McMillan, Rich Fortunato and Steve Clark contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal continued his domination on clay as he crushed compatriot Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-1, 6-2 in the second round of the Barcelona Open.|||The Spanishman then eased to victory 6-1 6-2 with two aces as he emphatically strolled past Gerard Garcia-Lopez 6-2 6-1. The result left Nadal a stone above world number one Andy Murray in the rankings in second place after just six rounds of the clay-court season. Garcia-Lopez knocked out Svetlana Kuznetsova last year and had featured at Barcelona before undergoing treatment after his first round match with Nadal. The 20-year-old is now the fourth seed in the draw and made it a solo defeat as he then set up a clash with fellow Frenchman Romain Grosjean, who triumphed 3-6 6-4 6-4. Nadal combined with his doubles partner Andreas Seppi to win 6-2 6-3 on the Court Suzanne Lenglen, their highest win ever. Earlier Sunday, France took a 4-0 lead as Pablo Cuevas set up a meeting with American Pablo Carreno Busta and settled for a tiebreak with the diminutive 16th seed, a 6-3 6-4 winner. But the Spaniard eventually had to rely on sheer force of his own to become his third straight Barcelona triumph on clay. European hopefuls Garbine Muguruza and Richard Gasquet's success over Rafael Nadal continued for the Spaniards. Garcia-Lopez was the fifth seed to have qualified for the title match but lost out on it in the third round to compatriot Marin Cilic 7-6 (7-5) 7-6. Borna Coric, a wild card for England, also advanced to the second round, after beating James Duckworth 6-2 4-6 6-3 on Wednesday. Thursday's draw is available on the ATP Tour's website. The first round will be played between Milos Raonic, Feliciano Lopez and fourth seed Stanislas Wawrinka from Switzerland.
(CNN) -- Lawyers for the mother of a 15-year-old girl suing "The Tyra Show" lambasted the show's producers Tuesday as "reckless" for letting her child appear as a self-described sex addict.|||Demi Bailey, who was "personally victimized" by the teen host in 2009 after the show aired, is suing The Tyra Banks Show for millions of dollars in damages and says that Evans orchestrated her daughter's "severely damaged and involuntary" promiscuity. The "inappropriate and/or gross behavior" of the 15-year-old girl was recorded on her phone on August 2 and "cast the show to do damage" to her young body, Isa Kaplan said, according to TMZ. The accuser who has been in court since July 2011, Demi Garcia, is charged with one count of indecent assault and battery because she wasn't 18. She used the footage on her home-cable program and her mother, who was close to tears at the onset of the trial, told a New York jury at trial last week that the 15-year-old girl was "out of control." On her segment, Angela Dupono Dupono, who appeared to be the girl in the "Autobiography" video but was later cleared, indicated to lawyers she was having a "normal sexual relationship." "We began having problems with problems with my daughter starting to act like an act of violence because of the images of her having sex in the videos." "She was being sexually violated and then whipped. And she also threatened to keep the video on." Two months later, the alleged victim told television news executives that she had been possessed by a man who ordered her to have sex. "It was really wrong for him to call my baby a name like that," she said. According to the suit, the teen and her mother were hit with threats from a man who attacked the home. One of the alleged victims, said that the video's sponsor made the allegation before the show even aired. On the court stage in New York, attorneys of Bailey's attorney, Claire Templeton, joined the girl's defense team Tuesday and declared that the teen's condition was a "co-product of circumstance." The girl says she left home a week before being attacked and she used drugs. Twelve years ago, when she was 15, she underwent breast reconstruction to protect herself from a laceration to her breast. The teens said they became hooked on sex and while they admitted they used medications to gain weight, they continued their use of them. In her second-month of sexual activity with girls, the teen left home drunk and preened. Instead of getting treatment, she walked out of the house to make herself feel better. "Like many people I've come across over the years, like yes, things happen to girls but sometimes it has to do with their formula, and sometimes it has to do with the way they're wired," she said. "I don't know how I got to this place. I guess it's what I think." In both her previous abortion cases, Zoe Charlesworth said baby mollie weighed 3 pounds less than the plaintiff's son did. Cameron Cassell said the child's brother John, who has no form of HIV, did suffer from postpartum depression and later recovered. The judge appointed a second trial for CNN Legal Center and a jury to determine whether the girl was protected from recurrences of the sex-related abuse, assault, deprivation of liberty, and battery. Both were involved in litigation involving her parents. A student at the Cleveland Clinic at the time of her conversion, Tiffany J. Jones, reported from New York.
The grim search for missing hikers and bodies buried under snow continued Saturday against the dramatic backdrop of Nepal's Himalayas, as officials confirmed that at least 39 people had died in an exceptionally heavy snowfall.|||The search continued throughout the day, as remote areas of the remote South Himalayan nation were covered in snow and mass graves. Officials believe some of those buried are bodies that have washed up on the mountain from the previous day's heavy snow. Snowmelt has engulfed Nepal's world-famous Himalayas, trapping dozens of hikers. Four people have been killed, while 19 are missing and 23 more are feared dead, police said. An official at the Nepal Meteorological Department said snowfall measured between 16 and 19 centimeters, according to government's official website. "More people should consider moving their pets or livestock to safer ground and lodging themselves in suitable buildings," he said. Rescuers did not find anyone after the rescue teams arrived around 3 p.m. (21:00 GMT), according to Nepal's state news agency Nepal News. The search and rescue operation continued, and rescuers found nine more bodies in areas that had been buried under the snow. The cause of death has not been immediately known. The victims were trying to scale a mountain and take a hike in a group of nine to 10 hikers, police said. Earlier in the day, the emergency room in Bhadrakot was closed, officials said.
(CNN) -- Actress Misty Upham, whose body was found in October along a river in suburban Seattle, died from blunt force injuries to her head and torso, the King County Medical Examiner said Thursday.|||Upham, who was the second woman to be found alive this year along a Seattle-area waterway after three kayakers spotted her floating motionless, suffered blunt force injuries to her head, torso and head, according to the Washington State Medical Examiner's Office. Body components found during a decompositionist's examination of Upham's remains were such that autopsy results are not expected for at least another week. Police had said they were looking into whether Upham, a 59-year-old internationally-acclaimed fishing professional, committed suicide. Upham's body was found several feet from the Tukwila River when someone running away from her said she was a kayaker who went on a trip to the nearby town of Happy Valley, according to the Tukwila Police Department. Under Seattle-King County contract law, police have no jurisdiction over involuntary manslaughter cases, but there is some room for testing. The Tukwila District Attorney's Office also was looking into Upham's death, which it said had "arbitrary and capricious" cause, and was "factual." The medical examiner said multiple people at the scene took turns using the jumpers for support by shoring up a tree where Upham was, possibly resulting in the accident. Upham was reported to authorities last week in a report indicating that she was accidentally found floating at an altitude of 675 feet, roughly 13 feet below sea level, and never reached the surface. She said she was an avid recreational user of the Evergreen State Marine Area and cared for the wounded and injured by voluntarily swimming into the waterways, wearing life jackets, getting off lifejets and wearing thigh-high boots and waders until she was 18. She considered the experience a great success. "She was beautiful, strong, kind, and compassionate and so loving," the Washington Recreation and Conservation Commissioner described Upham in the report as "i.e. irreplaceable. I still cannot fully appreciate the life that has been taken." Upham appeared regularly on and off television between the years 2004 and 2010, according to her website. In 2003, she won an Emmy for "Beauty & the Beast" and was a finalist for "Designer.".
(CNN) -- Michael Strahan loves the mega-romantic film "The Notebook," isn't afraid to admit his fear of snakes, supports same-sex marriage and makes Kelly Ripa giggle like no one else.|||Slideshow: World's Best Sports Talkers. See what others told CNN about themselves during the discussion. "I love [George] Clooney" and "The Notebook," but in the end the two favorite presenters had to agree that the popular film was a movie that got its name because of "irritable differences." You can read Strahan's talk show Monday from 6 a.m. through 8 p.m. ET on the WNYC cable network. "I have always loved George Clooney because of the things he did, all of it," he said. "He and Iran got me through a lot." From his Hollywood days, who is on your favorite television show? A wide array of types of people have staked their claims -- television journalists, designers and architects among them. The top 10 biggest sports talk show hosts. What are they like, and why do you care? See them. 1. Maggie, a free spirit who can swim and bike. And she also can talk during the rehearsal process of "Gilmore Girls." 2. The only person that can make "Gilmore Girls" star Chevy Chase sound good is Ben Affleck, who admittedly was intimidated by what they watched during the production of the 2005 film. Who said that? "I think the original creators and directors should keep it to themselves," he said, after hearing that Affleck was running for president in 2005. How did you react to Jerry Seinfeld's "Mercy Drive"? "I don't blame anybody," Strahan said. 3. Are you a sports fan? At least one of them must be. "I definitely love the Dallas Cowboys," he said. "I enjoy anything." How might he live the dream of performing in the Super Bowl next year? "I wish the NFL and all the owners and executives would sit down together and have a game day," he said. 4. Isn't world history changed because you voted to legalize same-sex marriage? "Our president is not a president!" he said, then stepped back to explain that he had recently watched all these videos on Facebook that were pushing social media to not allow same-sex marriage.
(CNN) -- A North Carolina man is accused of arranging to have his wife raped through personal ads on the Web site Craigslist, police said Wednesday.|||Footage finder: North Carolina Sex Offender Alleged to Attempt to Steal Wife. "Chili Hector was looking for men to violate his wife with recorded sex videos, which led him to the victim on Craigslist," said Matthew Scott with the Asheville Police Department. Scott told police he would contact the woman so she wouldn't leave. "The victim admitted that she was in a very bad state," Scott said. "When she spoke out against her husband she became very aggressive." Scott, 21, is charged with two counts of violation of statutory rape and one count of use of obscenity. If convicted, Scott faces between 30 and 60 years in prison and, under the state's death penalty provisions, up to $250,000 in fines. Scott will be held at the Asheville City Jail until his next court appearance on April 8. The indictment would be issued in Forsyth County Superior Court, according to the Observer.
(CNN) -- On the same day that President Barack Obama spoke to the press about possible surveillance reforms—and released a related white paper on the subject—the National Security Agency came out with its own rare, publicly-released, seven-page document (PDF), essentially justifying its own practices.|||In an appendice to the document, which the agency said was "confidential," the U.S. Bureau of Electronic Readiness now acknowledges that it is in "general operational compliance" with the federal government's requests for classified information on terrorist threats. The NSA cited another justification for keeping the system secret: Some of the government's "data may not turn out to be useful intelligence or to facilitate the protections of national security." Pressed, the agency responded, "While classified in the United States, we are not maintaining secrecy in areas of crucial national security: is popular surveillance still still effective? Does the public want to see the government engaged in such activities? Is there a willingness to curtail in the name of truth and transparency?" That would mean that for the next few weeks, the government may be committed to keeping a close eye on the Internet at least once. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has been reeling over the NSA and CIA disclosures that it has spent more than $4 billion on bulk surveillance, while the British Government has spent tens of billions more over a decade on intelligence. But the spy agency's existence remains largely unknown in the United States. On Thursday, at an event in Minneapolis, U.S. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) harshly criticized the government's case for keeping classified information hidden, saying that it wasn't necessary to leave the information classified. "The House Intelligence Committee's progress on legislation to change the way Americans' communications are gathered is not a public good," he said. In a CNN announcement on its first day of conference calls, Obama also bemoaned the way the government "kept the stories they had behind closed doors." "The public at large has to be made aware of the source-to-source reporting on this issue," he said. Under President Bill Clinton, President George W. Bush and then-President George W. Bush authorized the recording of telephone calls and emails for national security and law enforcement purposes. But because they were provided with no court orders, he determined the evidence was not necessary for the government to spend money on it. The documents, a joint press release and a draft congressional record, are classified, but the agency gave public officials the names of a number of its agencies. The memo describing the agency's surveillance program, dated Tuesday, is redacted to protect the privacy of the accused terrorists but contains extensively redacted portions. The documents are published in full on the U.S. Department of Justice website. CNN Wire contains information on the links provided by the Obama administration in this story. It was first published on September 14. It will be published Thursday on CNN.com.
(CNN) -- Anti-government protesters have managed to breach a high-security zone in Pakistan's capital, despite the presence of thousands of security personnel.|||With five tents standing in the middle of the country's center, hundreds of anti-government demonstrators moved to and across the roads into the capital from a nearby building, throwing tear gas and rocks, witnesses said. The protesters were milling on the streets of capital Islamabad on Monday evening, Azhar Iftikhar, a media officer with the government's private Karachi Press Club, said. Local media reported that police struggled to remove the makeshift tents, which were set ablaze as the protesters poured in, chanting "Red Army. Red Army." Inside the buildings were booths and shops. Police also kept vans and other vehicles away from the protesters. The demonstrators have set fires to dozens of donated vegetables, bottles and tea, firewood and garbage, among others. TV footage showed protesters digging one of the destroyed tent stands. TV footage showed protesters seeking water, which the men threw out, as they packed the tent with chairs. Residents of the tent-filled compound had spent the night under a fence, said Aasia Shah, deputy director of the Crisis Information Center at Karachi Press Club. "We've done all we can and still, we have to wait till nightfall," she told CNN. Khan said that protesters had gathered on a road leading to the compound. A blower and a car bomb injured more than 10 people, she said. Some witnesses also reported hearing an explosion.
KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.|||Katal does not have a choice in the matter as its top scorer Leandro Bacuna arrived at the World Cup with victory over Inter Milan to secure United's place in the last 16. Arsenal struggled in their first game, especially in the first half when Nemanja Vidic - who earned a one-game suspension due to a sending off in this season's FA Cup Final -- came on as a second-half substitute. But United had to make do with the 53-year-old, who suffered a fractured toe on Wednesday. Vidic played the entire second half at Inter but found himself being the recipient of a cross from Mourinho. It offered Vidic a substitute's headache as the former defender's all-conquering header looked to have seen off Hoffenheim. However, Vidic told United's website that he had not been given the chance yet to start, and it remains to be seen if he will be handed a place in the matchday squad. "Hopefully I will be at the earliest possible time and have the best chance of making my debut tonight," the Serbian told the United website. United will host Dutch side Feyenoord at Old Trafford on Wednesday in their opening groupstage tie, before traveling to Barcelona on Thursday. Two-time European champions Barcelona, who moved to the top of the Premier League for the first time in 2012, were beaten 3-0 by three-time winners Real Madrid at Camp Nou two days later, and switched from Spain's La Liga to the UEFA Champions League as Barcelona rebounded from their 2-0 defeat at Liverpool in November. The North London club were also knocked out of the Champions League to Bayern Munich in May 2012, as Spain reached the second round. Gareth Barry told the Red Devils website they should not take lightly to losing to Barcelona, insisting that the team must "set a high standard". Southampton held to a goalless draw with Hamburg on Tuesday after having been put under pressure by Fadil Gaber, who has scored twice since joining the Gunners from Amalfi. Goals by David Beckham, David Silva, Michael Owen and Keylor Navas secured the victory, although Ashley Cole, Liam Canning and Luke Shaw also scored. Their triumph will now send them through to the knockout stages of the competition, while their previous first-leg defeat at their opponents will serve as a curtain-raiser for Zinedine Zidane's side. According to Sanchez, who was awarded the Ballon d'Or when Manchester City beat holders Arsenal in the 2007 World Cup final, the game will be between a team that plays in Europe's second division and a side from the Premier League which also retains an eye on European football. Last season Barca won its domestic league title, while in 2010, they triumphed at Spanish Supercoppa and finished top of the Premier League. Ronaldo won the European title with Real Madrid in the 2010-11 season, having moved to the Catalonians from Spain. Belgium international Cavani won the 2006 World Cup with France.
(CNN) -- The Justice Department on Friday invoked the government's "state secrets privilege" to intervene in a private legal dispute between the owner of a Greek shipping company and a U.S. nonprofit that advocates against Iran's nuclear program.|||"I could imagine such a company turning my life upside down, for example to find someone guilty of illegal activities... They are accustomed to have all kinds of things happening to the company," said Daniel Rothberg, a senior litigation attorney with the Southern District of New York, referring to a large shipping company owned by a Saudi shipping company, during the dispute over a big contract. Rothberg claims that the Saudi ship that was in question owns ships belonging to Russian oil giant Gazprom -- the Turkish-owned Transatlantic Tanker Company. But in the end, U.S. officials said, "not only is Iran not suspected of having violated international law, but it remains an issue." The Washington Free Beacon said both parties entered into a new order of mediation over the dispute Friday -- a temporary reprieve, akin to a holiday delay, although the terms of any deal do not apply until a final determination is made. CNN's Bill Lee contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif stepped to the sidelines for a private conversation at a security conference in Germany on Sunday, according to a senior State Department official.|||American and Iranian met. Kerry told Zarif at the talks that U.S. policy is to not negotiate on U.S. and Iranian issues, the official said. Kerry was told by Zarif to not speak to reporters in general, the official said. What did Zarif tell Kerry about Iran? How is that one-way communication helpful? What can he say about U.S. policy and then what? The official said he could not say if he said, "I support the leader of Iran who has undertaken these negotiations." But the official did say he would not answer if asked if Kerry backed any unilateral U.S. actions to put pressure on Tehran. "The president of Iran has made clear to us all that he will not back down when it comes to this issue of U.S. and European interests, nor any other matter," the official said. Still, the statement does say that Kerry reaffirmed U.S. commitment to holding meaningful discussions with Iran, and that "we will continue the American government's long-standing pursuit of a peaceful solution in the Middle East." Last week, Kerry said he and Zarif agreed that it would be good for both countries to keep their options open regarding the security of the region. Zarif reiterated Tehran's willingness not to negotiate on the sensitive issue until further details are made clear, but he expressed hope that U.S. will ensure that such a diplomatic effort is possible and durable. These talks follow months of deteriorating U.S.-Iran relations amid growing evidence that Iran continues to test ballistic missiles and, since the death of Qassem Suleimani, a U.S. naval task force. The Navy says "Iran possesses ballistic missiles capable of delivering a large payload," according to a U.S. military news release. CNN's Daniel Zelikow contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Americans appear to actually thrive on adversity, according to a study published this week that reached the conclusion after researching the nation's biggest economic downturn.|||According to a study published last week in the journal of the American Journal of Human Development, children demonstrated greater resilience in the face of a hostile environment than adverse weather conditions in the United States. Developed mental health issues when it comes to managing emotional distress have led to deterioration in good health, adult children have greater risk of unmet risks and school performance has been compromised. It may take longer for children to learn coping mechanisms, as they are becoming conditioned to emotional extremes. In the 2007-08 labor market crisis, teens accounted for more than half the American unemployment rate, the National Bureau of Economic Research said. Family debt was the nation's second highest, at 140% of federal income taxes, and decimated $15 trillion from federal taxes. The recession also put some 80,000 private industries, including construction, off the road, out of business, or at risk. The National Restaurant Association recently announced it was cutting employees' pay by 50%. And up to 600,000 American jobs have been lost as a result of the recession, according to the study. Poor farmers fared far worse than wealthy farmers during the Great Recession, the USDA said. Indexing to children was more difficult, the study found, and that's despite the boom and bust cycles affecting the U.S. economy with disproportionate economic impacts on minority communities. A hurricane can spike the incidence of at least one weather-related illness in people forced to shelter in an apartment or, especially, a food and shelter evacuation. Among the those who survived the devastating 1999 Superstorm Sandy, few credited exposure to negative weather with their life chances, the report said. Flood-prone neighborhoods often increased exposure to economic shocks and financial hardship. Work environments with stronger environmental regulation continued to increase their odds of resilience and heightened environmental adaptation, the study said. Unfortunately, "such states of economic depression may not be part of the overall American population decline," said Marcy Wheeler, the study's lead author. "Residents of these cities have yet to move in adaptive ways to modify their lifestyles in response to economic adversity, and they still face problems they needed in the past that simply did not exist." Using data on 9 million nups -- or singles born between January 1991 and August 1992 -- the research team generated 7.3 million 1,500 samples from 818 new births, according to the study. A significant portion came from genetically isolated rice farmers, who are experiencing high post-harvest fertility. The analysis focuses on children born in the time immediately following the Great Recession.
(CNN) -- An Obama administration initiative that aims to create jobs and economic growth has been derailed in some states while it speeds along in others.|||The cuts come amid increasing pressure for tax breaks, reforms and expansion of the so-called BRIDGE Act, part of President Obama's job-creating economic growth plan. The president announced the programs at the G20 summit in Brazil, but is now focused on winning support for the more labor-intensive BRIDGE initiative. His administration said the rules would be phased in over the next few months and could take up to five years to implement. But as in other areas that have faced significant budget pressures or economic challenges, demand for these goods has soared in recent months as the world's largest economy continues to bear the weight of the global recession and the economy continues to struggle. The lack of changes to the Earned Income Tax Credit, the nation's lowest-interest rate for corporate income, has sparked concerns that the finance boom is outmoded. A report last month by Texas Gov. Rick Perry indicated the creation of the credit would be reliant on the state being in better financial shape. The Republican governor said he was prepared to do that "but I also know that if this program continues, we are in trouble." Economist Tara N. Hurlston wrote a 2011 issue-focused editorial piece arguing that in order to create job opportunities, government should speed the pace of implementing President Barack Obama's economic policy initiatives while stimulating economic growth. "But if people are hurt, the idea of relying on the federal government for massive tax breaks will not work if voters cannot pay for them," the editorial said. Rep. Charlie Rangel, a Democrat from neighboring Texas, said his state was devastated and will not support the legislation as has been widely reported. Other struggling states, including Louisiana, Illinois, Tennessee and Ohio, will also need the help of the program. CNN's Harry Enten contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Google rolled out a new Nexus 7 tablet on Wednesday. But a much smaller, much cheaper new gadget may be the one that makes a seismic impact in the consumer technology world.|||Some contenders for top TechCrunch readers' favorite gadget to garner a first-time, and potentially "best of" award include the new iPod Touch and its Android software. Others are eyeing the much cheaper Nexus 7 mini-tablet. The usual suspects -- the Nexus 7, Nexus 10, Google's other Android-powered competitors -- are competing for a first-rate product. But, all users need to know are that Samsung now dominates the market for higher end, high-end high-end specs, with prices ranging from $399 at Sony Playstation 3 and $499 at the iPad and iPad mini -- while iPad, Android, and Windows 10 tablets are led by Nvidia, an offshoot of the microsoft chip-maker. "Our key competitor to Nvidia is the mobile phone market," Nvidia CEO Miles Kenyon said at a conference on Monday. "This brings us to the second... dimension of our business model -- the device -- and how we're going to put it together. "This is a clear statement and a great opportunity to go after these manufacturers, who can make little to no money." Computers dominate the market for high-end chips. Nvidia makes the VoltBoost and TRS engines that run into the thousands of dollars in processing power required for a standard computer, and only just hit the billion-dollar mark last year. Many of these machines are rumored to cost $20,000 or more, but the maker and seller of these machines, Autodesk, quoted its cost as $500 each, the Mirror quoted about $4,000. Along with the gigantic Volts -- and the the buggy devices that supported the devices -- Nvidia has made a lot of impressive hardware for both new and existing gadgets, one for example the Slate (2009) tablet and the new the explorer. Head of mobile phones for Microsoft, Steve Ballmer, called the new feature a "bit part" and a plug-in accessory for tiny tablets. "It opens up new windows on our products," he said. "And it opens up new fields of new kinds of interaction. It is even possible to do work in our technology with the underlying components, such as listening and reading, that has not been done before." In addition, Intel has launched its next-generation personal computing system known as the Light5, which will be connected to the 2.4GHz 802.11ac Wi-Fi networks. On the smaller scale, Sony has created a smartphone that can stream 4G TV via the infrared (now standard in smartphones) and has built new software into it, unlike previous versions of the phone. Nintendo is working on a 3G phone for the Japanese market and was leading the development of new smartphones after the success of the Nintendo 64. There has been some significant handset and smartphone development that has been ahead of others, but Samsung may be faster to deliver the next level of mobile phone hardware. CBS Interactive staffers say their executive said that. WATCH: MotoTech's latest entries. What's changing in this space?
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The U.S. trade embargo on Cuba is endangering the health of millions by limiting Cubans' access to medicines and medical technology, human rights group Amnesty International alleged Wednesday.|||The United States will not lift its trade embargo, which dates to 1961, until all companies implementing materials produced in Cuba have been banned by the U.S. and any second Party, the group said. Cuba's centrally planned economy is one reason why the embargo is necessary, said Amnesty International president Kenneth Roth. A British review into Cuba, released Tuesday by the agency, concluded that there was no evidence of improved health conditions there compared to American but acknowledged that there were a limited number of improvements. Human rights groups have said for years that treating some 100,000 people with HIV and AIDS in Cuba has been about as effective as those receiving cheap medicine from private hospitals in the United States, according to Amnesty International. "The reality is that the system exists, it is there, but the system is being systematically dismantled," Roth said. "There is no cure for AIDS, no treatment for HIV, there is no cure for AIDS. The current conditions are not good and they will not remain sustainable for long." This was a violation of the 1961 International Medically Disclosed Items Act, a civil war criminal act that established the conditions for maintaining effective medical equipment at that time. "Many of the basic remedies which are now available are not available anymore," said Roth. The agency's report adds that drug and biological testing programs are banned at all levels in all countries which have imposed the embargo.
New York (CNN) -- A team of experts will conduct a 60-day safety assessment of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad in the wake of the derailment that killed four people and injured dozens of others, the Federal Railroad Administration said Thursday.|||The 6-mile (10-kilometer) tunnel to the Harlem station was closed Wednesday after the derailment, which affected two of the five trains heading up to New York's Lower East Side and also blocked traffic north of Manhattan. MTA spokeswoman Lisa McPherson said the department will conduct a thorough safety assessment within 60 days of the Dec. 22 accident. "We are not replacing trains, but we will do a greater assessment of each, McPherson said. As far as safety is concerned, train services will be enhanced," McPherson said. Additional delays were reported, but McPherson said to expect fewer delays than New Jersey Transit, which operates trains from Clifton Park in New Jersey to Newburgh, New York, Lakehurst, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood, Warren, Arkansas, in North Carolina and the Morrisville, North Carolina, metro commuter train line. "That's going to start in the morning, and the line will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday," McPherson said.
(CNN) -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez, his first space flight, scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery, marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies.|||The Irishman is among the guests invited on a trip to Guyana on Wednesday to mark the Thanksgiving holiday. While he's based on a flight path in the United States, Hernandez still has to complete an ISS module, be self-sufficient, and land the spacecraft at Cape Canaveral before it can be dedicated to its mission, according to NASA. "It's with a heavy heart that I tell you I'm all set to go up on that four-foot panel of space in the morning and stay there for what could only be described as a short time," Hernandez says at a news conference. "The entire day long, you can't wait." Hernandez, 24, would like to thank his parents, children, and fellow astronauts for their efforts in preparing for his mission. During rehearsals to launch in April, Hernandez focused on building a variety of instruments for the music, first the performance of the U.S. version of Communion, then that of "Hallelujah," and then "Catch-22." "The first thing you can do during a rehearsal is just focus," Houston says. Meanwhile, Hernandez, who is now based in Birmingham, England, has spent several months in Guyana. He flew to Guadalajara in January and is currently en route to Papua New Guinea. At a recent visit to the Gran Pueblo film set, he and his wife Catalina sang a group of Christmas carols. He has toured the country with the Harrison family, playing on a windsurfing group he met in New Hampshire before his return to Earth. "I sing to Santa and he tells me how beautiful my arms are," Hernandez says. The Reno, Nevada, native was born in August, 1986, to Judy and Jose Hernandez, a meteorologist and airplane trainer. Brandon Harris is his daughter, along with his wife Jennifer. "This is an extremely beautiful moment," he says. "Our relationship is very special, it's very intimate. We're very blessed in that way." Houston and Harris are currently enjoying a visit to New York City with their daughter, Brittany. "I have to say I'm speechless," Houston says of the trip, according to the Houston Chronicle. "Just to imagine that I'll be surrounded by all these amazing people, all people of the world, and people, like myself, that I can share this message of acceptance, love, joy, hope and education with is very powerful." "We're so excited and look forward to the next four days when we'll be on our way to Guadalajara," he says. Some non-astronauts have posted a series of their experiences on YouTube and YouTube over the past week. In some cases they have documented their own challenging journeys to the space station, which can be viewed at Space.com. "I've been doing it all under my own little radar -- just one person, like there's 100 times I could only do that thing one way," Lopez says. "I'm way, way, way too tired now, but not to give up. I love every minute of it."
(CNN) -- A senior manager at Morgan Stanley pleaded not guilty Friday to assault and hate-crime charges in connection with the stabbing of a New York City taxi driver over the cost of a fare.|||The attack in November happened at a popular movie theater in lower Manhattan where a passenger pushed another driver off a sidewalk, prosecutors said. Rudy Gallegos, 54, was arrested November 8 after the alleged attack in Queens and later read the charges against him in court, court papers said. Gallegos was originally charged with first-degree assault and second-degree assault and drove a car into him, and was arrested on assault charges. Gallegos was placed on a full administrative leave for 180 days, authorities said. During his court appearance, Gallegos heard supporters yelling and making slurs at him and was repeatedly challenged to reduce his anger, court papers said. He was given several hours of house arrest. He spent the weekend and testified Thursday to more than 100 police on the case and was grilled multiple times about the incident, authorities said. The assault charges stemmed from a parking spot dispute between Gallegos and a taxi driver. The victim alleged he lost more than $2,000, the attorney said. Gallegos was arrested last month after he was interviewed by law enforcement, among other actions, and is now facing felony charges, according to the New York Times. Gallegos, whose employees are also accused of attacking or threatening a single person, said he was cooperating with authorities. Authorities said a suspect, identified by the name of "Trader Hitman" is still being sought.
(CNN) -- In April 2007, UEFA's executive committee voted to accept a joint proposal from Poland and Ukraine to host the European football Championships in 2012.|||Next, it will be an unplanned multi-nation event hosted by Ukraine and China in May 2011, but official visits to both nations are scheduled to happen between November 11-13. The announcement, which will see the host of the 2010 World Cup, Guangzhou, China, be in competition while Poland will play host to the eight-nation Euro 2008 in Kiev, Ukraine. The proposed U.S. bid came after eight years of negotiations between UEFA and Azerbaijan, whose territory borders Poland, a member of UEFA. The president of UEFA, Michel Platini, rejected the original proposal, and Vladimir Romanov subsequently directed the member states to make the latest change after consulting with their local representatives. Currently, Slovakia is host to the 2010 edition of the tournament in the Czech Republic and Ukraine hosts the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup. Each country will select one associate nation each to take part in the upcoming European Championships.
(CNN) -- A bus crashed into the side of a mountain Tuesday in western Bolivia, killing at least 13 people and injuring another 26, the government news agency reported.|||An attack by a rickshaw was blamed for a bus crash on the Grito Grande mountain in Bolivia that killed at least 13 people and left 26 injured, the Bolivian national news agency said Tuesday.  Watch how a deadly bus crash in Bolivia shook Bolivia » YouTube Video of bus buckling. Rescue workers from the ranch that guards the Punta Casta area where the crash happened reached a house on the outskirts of Apuanu on Tuesday afternoon, moments before the temblor hit, state-run Bolivia 24 said. As officials assessed the damage, they added that the bus was damaged below. The government's National Rescue Institute said rescue teams were still in the area, collecting evidence, as well as preventing potential further destruction. Photos of the avalanche after the crash showed two large slopes engulfed by water.  Watch how the tourists escaped »  The San Luis Pass is a popular destination for tourists in western Bolivia.
(Financial TImes) -- The Bank of Japan has lifted its assessment of Japan's economy, and underlined progress towards its price target by saying that inflation expectations "appear to be rising."|||The Bank of Japan released quarterly results of its quarterly assessment Wednesday, indicating growth expectations held steady or rose, although the growth outlook remained negative. "The economy is stronger. No matter what you see, there is still plenty of room for expansion," Chairman Haruhiko Kuroda said in a live interview. "We have room to continue to tap the brakes until we need to." The central bank's monetary policy committee last week took a more "hawkish stance" in its assessment of Japan's economic performance, but insisted it will continue to work on the objectives set out in its monetary policy guidelines. While the economy as a whole was losing momentum, growth in the services sector -- which has added a large number of jobs -- and prices were steady, Kuroda said. Measuring inflation at the ministry's central offices yielded the same number -- a three-month reading -- as in the previous survey conducted a year earlier, although he pointed out the pace of growth was slower. "The estimates for headline consumer price inflation have risen sharply from May in terms of the adoption of some-time and price measures for 2010," he said. In that respect, he added, the growth of expectations appears to be exceeding projections, which is not surprising because "inflation has only really been able to achieve rates that are closer to the 2 percent target in recent times." Japan is still under a monetary easing regime, under which it holds prices near zero. However, it has seen a rise in the yen to a record high of 104.50 per U.S. dollar in April. The infrastructure ministry recently said that sales tax revenues generated during the rush to auction off the scrapped JGBs and other items at auction would be absorbed by the government into a central bank-led effort to boost the economy. Japan's central bank won't increase its economic forecasts in the next two quarters, but is expected to adjust its expectation for economic growth to around expectations set at the end of this fiscal year. Kuroda said that unless the trend for growth improves sharply in the near term, the Bank of Japan would resume conducting auctions of JGBs and other monetary stimulus measures "in the short run." Wednesday's outcome is the result of the central bank's second quarterly analysis of the economic outlook after the January-March quarter. It is the first to analyze whether the March quarter was significantly better than the January-March period, which was relatively turbulent because the Bank of Japan conducted no-shortfalls mid- and late-term sales. Next year's survey is also likely to be conducted only after the runoff of two more areas: Household consumption, and loans to farmers and farm implements, the ministry said.
(CNN) -- A shuttle bus crashed Friday morning at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, injuring 15 people, police said, and temporarily snarling vehicle traffic at one of the world's busiest centers for air travel.|||The bus crashed into a highway barricade about 2 miles east of O'Hare's departure bay, sending fire trucks pouring from the area into the busy airport and down the highway, a report by CNN affiliate WBBM said. Injured people left ICU hospitals after the 5:30 a.m. crash. Chicago Fire and University of Illinois officials told reporters that the bus crashed from what appeared to be a small chopper overhead, fire department spokesman Gene Thorpe said. He later told reporters a pilot mistook the area for another road, Thorpe said. The scene was largely of overturned fire trucks and flamed fire vehicles, spewing retardant dust and ash, he said. O'Hare officials had to work to restore normal operations to about 100 of their employees on the shuttle bus line, Thorpe said.
(CNN) -- Fernando Alonso stretched his lead in the world championship standings with a peerless drive from pole position to win the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Sunday.|||"Just like last year, Fernando perfectly raced from pole position to win," said Jenson Button, who led from the start but saw his tyres overheated and pushed him into Hamilton. Button was later given a two-stop head start and stayed in front of his teammate, who spun off in Turn 1 but who managed to prevent Alonso from massing his right rear wheel. Hamilton passed German team-mate Jenson Button on the back straight as he got off on the left to take the lead as he put his back to Ferrari's Karun Chandhok at the neck of the field. Sergio Perez of Spain, third in the standings, finished third as he lined up behind Red Bull's Max Verstappen. The leader after that race was Jenson Button, beaten by Hamilton in the very first race, after Vettel had used the full power of his cars to improve upon a poor start. But the Ferrari's Alonso took the flag waving lap under time and momentum after the German held onto the top of the podium. He led for the majority of the race as the Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel slipped in the ranks. Vettel also missed out on the lead after a front wheel brought out the safety car in the race for his brother Nico, who finished eighth and left the field without a single point to claim. If he can recover to finish at the front with Vettel, Alonso has a commanding 23-point lead over McLaren's Max Verstappen, the 2010 champion. His victory was confirmed with another lap ahead of Pirelli's Sebastien Bourdais, who beat his McLaren teammate Felipe Massa and Russia's Maxim Vukov in front of other Marussia drivers. Alonso opened up a 14-point advantage on Kimi Raikkonen, who is fourth after winning both the race in Abu Dhabi, and Kimi Raikkonen of Yamaha, but the former broke the Spaniard's grip on the two-time driver of the season title. With 45 seconds left to play, Vettel was able to do it by retaining his brake and giving him the advantage while Raikkonen finished third to go second in the standings. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso has taken his third victory this year after also winning on pole in Qatar. He leads McLaren's Felipe Massa, the other driver to have won a grand prix. Raikkonen won in Qatar with the No. 20 Valtteri Bottas and Vettel on the No. 41 Red Bull team. The other two drivers -- Australian Nico Rosberg and Mercedes' Kimi Raikkonen -- were both starting tenth in the lead at the start of the race when Fernando Alonso squashed the Brazilian's chances. Vettel was third, while Bottas, who led the race in Bahrain, finished fourth. Alonso also led Renault's Sebastian Vettel in his first race for the Red Bull team since the opening lap of the season two weeks ago. After the race, Ferrari had to wait as Rosberg was taken into custody by stewards over a suspected safety car infringement. Alonso had a good start to the Hungarian Grand Prix, and then went past him for the lead, with Rosberg building momentum and setting the fastest lap of the race. He also passed all the Ferraris' drivers before driving past Vettel to take second. Russian drivers Kvyat won for Mercedes, but Russia's Sergei Sirotkin came second.
(CNN) -- Several hundred demonstrators clashed with officers in riot gear in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Sunday in a protest that raged for more than 12 hours, ending around midnight, CNN affiliate KOAT reported. The protesters were enraged by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of James M. Boyd. KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless.|||Some masked men became embroiled in a power struggle between police officers and demonstrators when they tried to remove them from the area. As smoke from the fight rose, some riot control vehicles and helicopters arrived, but it quickly died down. "It is very peaceful," Carlos Aguilar, a member of the crowd, said. The protest had been growing since the central city of New Mexico announced plans to build a new port on Alford Lake, but police had made initial plans to shut down roads and gates. Eventually, the plan was thrown into question after demonstrators took the initiative on multiple occasions to throw rocks at the police officers and protest the use of segregation of police and protesters. Authorities in Albuquerque, New Mexico, arrested at least 26 people in connection with the police violence. Some of the arrested were with al-Hajj. The protesters were enraged by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of James M. Boyd, who was 22 and from the Las Cruces, New Mexico, area, according to CNN affiliate KOAT. Boyd was fatally shot during what the Police Department termed a "show-me" protest. KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless. Those who said they were victims of violence were also assaulted. As the group of protesters spoke, authorities entered the Alvarado Center, where some were sleeping. "Officers came from all over and were carrying objects and water guns, chemical weapons at various times and didn't know what the protesters were doing," Sgt. Gary Sierra told CNN. "Some said they were holding peaceful demonstrations," Sierra said. Shortly before 9 p.m. Saturday, Sierra said, officers surrounded the group near Sierra's home. The response from police forced protesters into the street and in an attempt to communicate, Sierra said. The officers used a water cannon, which they threw at the protesters. The protesters were going to burn al-Hajj in a demonstration later Sunday. Smoke from the smoke cleared about 3 p.m., when the rain began to fall. It also obscured the main entrance of Sierra's home. The police then deployed an air raid siren. When residents came out of their houses to see what was happening, Officer Torrence Weber said his "means are going to be clear." He said the crowd would have to take shelter until the protest was over. Shortly after midnight, police began "preparations for possible arson." More than 100 supporters had gathered in front of city hall, Alvarado said. "While some of the protesters were dispersing and some are still holding up against police when the road is closed, other people still wanted to go," he said. "Some of the police were coming to protect the demonstrators. And at some point, I guess some in the crowd began throwing some things and it seemed they were putting people on fire." Police officer Alejandro Medina told CNN's Brian Todd that officers used chemical spray on the demonstrators, who returned most of the hit. "They started looking at the (protesters) and saying, 'How do you want us to attack them?' " Martinez Torres, 25, said that a protest leader, said that three or four protesters were struck by police, including Ramirez, but then a person got shot in the leg and he was taken into custody. Torres went into treatment. Torres was arrested on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct, Cabrera said. CNN's Brennon Matos and Frank Carabras contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- North Korea warned Friday it would launch a military strike against the South if Seoul goes ahead with live-fire drills near Yeonpyeong Island over the next five days, North Korea's state-run KCNA reported.|||Eon the nation's northern hills on the outskirts of Seoul has been scheduled for joint military exercises near Yeonpyeong Island in what South Korea described as a "provocative maneuver." "We will launch a pre-emptive strike and a military retaliation against those who attack our armed forces," said Kim Jong Un's deputy spokesman Kim Kwan-jin. The joint drills were set to begin Friday, though it is unclear how long they will continue. The current regular military exercise began April 28 and is scheduled to last through May 12, South Korea's military said in a statement, adding that there would be a large-scale scaling-up of the exercise. The Thursday drills had in the past been held over several months. Pyongyang has not openly spoken about the 2011 drills, but the reclusive nation said on Thursday it felt it was necessary to strengthen its defensive capabilities. "NATIONAL CONFIDENCE UNCERTAINTY WILL DROP IN TRANSCRIPT: North Korean response to military drills," the statement read. Wednesday North Korea said it plans to try to target South Korean navy boats and naval ships near Yeonpyeong Island for shooting. North Korea also says it will carry out "confrontations and exchanges" with the South. The South warned Pyongyang on Friday that it will deny any serious state provocation of any kind from the April 7-12 exercises. It suspended a joint arms control cooperation in April amid South Korea's claims that the drills and exercises were also part of a campaign to weaken the North's legitimacy. North Korea's move follows a series of high-profile provocations by North Korea, which has carried out its first nuclear tests since 2006 and conducted its first long-range missile test in September. CNN's Alexis Inman, Tom Winter and Vincent Nelson contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- China's National People's Congress (NPC) meets every year and brings about 3,000 national delegates together in Beijing's Great Hall of the People to discuss government reports, pass legislation and formalize appointments of government officials.|||NPCM debates China's National Development and Reform Commission's official annual report. The meeting will include public and ceremonial debates and hearings. According to the NPC's website, the latest National Development and Reform Commission report has been approved in full by its members and is now ready to be submitted to the National People's Congress for consideration by the Congress. The NPC is one of nine main organs of the Chinese government that both pass and propose laws, while other bodies bring together officials from the different branches of government. At a conference in Beijing last week, China's leader Xi Jinping urged protesters to raise their voices and "change the oppressed with the liberated." The opposition has been chanting against Xi in the background and has distributed banners in several cities along the route and at parliament, according to the official Xinhua news agency. This was his third NPC meeting. The people are asking that China adopt a more representative democracy since the Chinese Communist Party took control of the country from the colonial government in 1949, according to the website. The petition initiative also demands the adoption of a "black constitution" including a blank slate for elections to the National People's Congress and all state legislatures. The NPC's website says that the last time an election for a full national legislature was held was 199 years ago, after Mao Zedong's bloody 1930 coup. Since then, China has seen continual changes in its constitutions as its citizens vote every five years in presidential elections, establishing first post election councils and gradually raising local governments. The people of China continue to be passionate about foreign governments, so the competition to attract Western capital keeps things lively. Many offshore Chinese funds have expressed interest in buying shares in emerging markets like the U.S. at a low cost. They want to ride on the success that China has had, and it will be natural to keep working towards raising foreign exchange reserves in the event of any major setback.
(CNN) -- Piracy is expected to pick up in the high seas off Somalia after a lull caused by monsoon season, maritime officials warned Monday.|||The renewed surveillance comes as pirates are flocking to illegal fishing boats after a 14-month lull in the action. Despite low levels of piracy since mid-2009, observers have been encountering more pirates since then. The United States is providing more equipment, manpower, and funding to African Union and the U.N. to respond, including more surveillance planes, surveillance ships, reconnaissance vehicles, and airplanes in the region. South African pirates, who attempted to breach the Convention to Combat piracy in the north, disappeared from the seabed and have not been seen since mid-December, according to a Somali government statement. An estimated 2,000 Somali, North African and international armed forces personnel were present, officials said. There have been local marine patrols, warned authorities, but there have been reports of more armed militant vessels approaching Somali waters. Somali President Abdiweli Mohamed-Menabe said Sunday that suspected terrorists have stepped up their attacks off Somalia's coast. According to the African Union, Somalia reported its highest number of suspected piracy attacks in 2010. One report accused pirates of firing artillery shells at the north shore of the country. The IMO also reported increased activity along the coast. Armed vessels with the AMISOM maritime cooperation mission have been increasingly active and operating farther apart from Somali coastlines since 2010, according to the report. The coast guard in Kenya did not expect any attacks in its area of responsibility. CNN's Ian Bremmer and Matt Irish contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Google's technology certainly can map out driving directions and organize e-mail (or even make cars drive themselves). But can its digital tools take down drug cartels?|||Google was first commissioned to uncover a crime-fraud ring that had targeted the United States, as well as North America and Europe -- the Carabobo Cartel. Guillermo Salazar of the National Financial Crime Stoppers, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, found five people in the company's Geo Roles index when he visited the United States in 2006. Their indictment included individuals who had been hired to lobby local government bodies, officials and local business owners, while sharing information on drug sales. It says they were warned by the cartel's leaders in drug money laundering and money laundering operations to turn a blind eye to their staff's alleged role in this business, because they were said to have been entrusted with operations of the organization and could be even guilty of colluding with drug cartels and drug corporations. According to the indictment, Salazar has been named as a front man for a Salvadoran drug cartel leader called Fulgencio Rodriguez. He was also accused of planning to send the cartel's directors to meet Mexican military officers in a foreign country, hoping to arrange a defense pact with the officers, according to the indictment.
(CNN) -- A centuries-old copy of a 500-year-old map that christened the New World as "America" has been discovered at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich -- folded and wedged inside of an old book, according to a release on the university's website.|||"Becoming America" was discovered after it was covered with a German varnish just thousands of years ago -- a war damage by something called Germanic lettering, and later an incised map," researchers said Monday. "The door of the book disappeared and its cover was unsealed. The combination of illuminated drawings by Karl Dachau with the old wooden maps is notable for having survived the early centuries and not broken." The newly discovered map has been handed down from Dachau to other modern scholars around the world, the university said in a press release. But it remained hidden for decades. The University of Freiburg also wants the map's topographer, Joseph Zielinski, to be given credit for its discovery. He has been given a doctorate in international law.
(CNN) -- You might remember the ad campaign "Bo knows baseball. Bo knows football." But these days sports legend Bo Jackson knows charity.|||Bo is one of many Boston Celtics to lead the franchise to four World Series appearances in the Super Bowl. And according to Boston Herald founder Aaron Rogers, the Celtics are "one of the greatest franchises of all time." "The city's a great supporter of professional sports and has always believed it's the greatest team in the world," Rogers said. Rogers, who designed the newly-built $1.5 million Sox Stadium in downtown Boston, was a member of the 1960 World Championship team when Boston clinched the title. Jackson and the team have been in the playoffs for an incredible eight seasons now, winning three of them. "Boston is amazing," Jackson told the paper. "But it's starting to lose to New York." Highlights of the historic Boston team: The first team chosen as a professional in 1891 became "Whizz-Bait" the following year when they finished third. The team also won the big prize on Mother's Day, honoring Ma's Bawom (Mildred Haynes) and her 1910 Golden Age World Champions. The winning player (Charles "AB" Eliot) Brown is considered "our most important son ever." The team's team colors were a star-filled blue and white with the Massachusetts State Star on top, a nod to Boston's official color. Miller awarded the king and queen of pennant champs with a victory trophy during the MLB's 1967 pennant chase. In 1995, the champs came back for their second straight title. Jackson was inducted into the Hall of Fame on November 6 at TD Garden, as a member of the Celtics' Connecticut Shrine club. Jackson contributed to the Bruins coverage in Boston newspapers in 2011, including a previous offering about Baltimore Cardinal player, Jim Brown, in "Sports Illustrated": "Brown's not American, but he's not lost at all. He's got all the Boston talents. In fact, he's about the same size as Bucky Dent, the city's post-war hero," Jackson told CNN. "Bucky had a friendship with a Navy vet named Tommy Johnson ... he was helping him get into Harvard, and now in Boston at Harvard." With his endorsement deal with Ally & Jack as an "official sponsor," Jackson regularly participates in charity events and speaks on behalf of the team and the support committee.
(CNN) -- Opening arguments are scheduled for Monday in Philadelphia in the first case in which an official of a Roman Catholic archdiocese has been accused of protecting abusive priests by moving them from parish to parish.|||Meanwhile, the Philadelphia district attorney began overseeing the lawsuit with his appearance in court over the allegations, which were outlined in a lawsuit filed by Rep. Chris Ramos, D-C.A., in January. Of the more than 130 parishes in the Archdiocese, 18 were in Pittsburgh, while 12 were in Pecan Grove, about a 15-minute drive from Pittsburgh, federal prosecutors said. FBI special agent James D. Sullivan was charged with grand jury sex abuse charges in the case. The FBI and the former Philadelphia archdiocese were among the first states to file charges against Roman Catholic officials over alleged cover-up of sexual abuse, as are the Pennsylvania state police and the Pennsylvania Department of Education. In 2008, an independent investigator found that Archbishop James C. Roberts is the single most likely person to have concealed sexual abuse of a minor by a priest and covered up a cover-up. Archbishop Roberts has vehemently denied the allegations. In his letter to U.S. Attorney LeRoy Landis of Philadelphia earlier this year, Roberts wrote that he was "one of the individuals responsible for preventing this from occurring." He said he arrested Roberts two times, charged him with harassment and engaging in political harassment, then tried to get the bishop to make him resign. By that time, the bishop refused, Roberts said. Although some priests and congregations did not file complaints, the Archbishop of Philadelphia's Office of Inspector General had the full authority to prosecute. A judge in the case, Judge Gregory Ankylen, found that the archdiocese acted "severely" and agreed to conduct a preliminary investigation of child abuse claims in 1999. It concluded the elder Roberts "acted extremely badly" in handling child abuse allegations, but the attorney general's office disagreed, saying that the Archdiocese is obliged to do a separate investigation into child abuse. The majority of church officials have resigned after the initial accusation that Roberts had done something wrong. As a result of a national investigation by the U.S. attorney, the investigator returned the abuse charges. In a court filing last year, the Archdiocese alleged that: It knows that within the Archdiocese itself, one of the senior aides will be connected to abuse ... and that the relief secretary will need to specifically intervene. Documents related to the investigation have been shared by the archdiocese with the attorney general. Robert Roberts said in his statement that he knows and has been held accountable. He said he will serve a mandatory 30-day prison term for his crimes.
(CNN) -- China's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Wednesday in a move widely seen as a protest for the ongoing dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea.|||Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Tuesday that he would attend the bank's annual policy meeting in Japan, the official Xinhua news agency reported. "Wen Jiabao told his staff he would continue to attend the meeting because of his responsibility as chairman of the Central People's Bank of China, said Wang Wen, who heads the politburo at the Communist Party's Central Committee. Meanwhile, Hong Kong's Finance Minister Xiao Heng said he would be in Japan to attend the preparatory meetings of the Committee on Economic Cooperation and Development. A police official outside the hotel where Wen Jiabao and his security staff waited at the airport in Shanghai, told Xinhua that Wen had summoned an advance team to ensure their security and good conduct. "The task force for members from central- and eastern-most regions of China will also attend the meeting," Wu Tiandong, secretary general of the general council of the China International Economic Cooperation Organization said in a statement. "The political situation surrounding Chinese intervention in Eastern Sea remains tense." The China Relations Commission, which advises the two sides, has advised both sides to resolve their dispute peacefully. China launched a new protest last week after the United States said it would stop honoring sanctions imposed against it over China's military buildup at the disputed Scarborough Shoal in the East China Sea. China and Japan fought a fierce conflict for control of the uninhabited islands in 2011. China has insisted that the move is illegal. Authorities in both countries back away from the strait, saying it is also giving Beijing the "right to act unilaterally." "The Peking administration had repeatedly issued strongly warning against unilateral actions and unilateral action by the government of China, reiterating that China does not need the United States to respect international law," said an internal China Daily media report. Journalists from India had also reported on the move. Xinhua said Wednesday that Wen's security detail would meet with "dozens of journalists from Chinese media outlets to garner the necessary support for the implementation of the Chinese policy on public affairs." Ren Zhengfei, China's vice minister for economic affairs, said officials will monitor Hong Kong's progress through the G-7 foreign policy talks. "China will look into possible measures in relation to the international trade environment and U.S. requests that Canada suspend tariffs on the Chinese automotive industry," Ren Zhengfei said at the meeting. "We will check with the Chinese government to see whether it will postpone the C-7 meetings." The foreign media "engaged in the utmost patriotic spirit as the People's Republic of China comes in from a wide range of directions," Xinhua reported, citing a banner on the tarmac outside the hotel. Beijing itself has also skipped the meetings, hosting thousands of employees in protest. CNN's Greg Botkin and Rena Kuttelman contributed to this report.
America's food police are patrolling and arresting suspicious French dairy products, which are either delicious cheese or a bacteria-laden menace.  You decide.|||In June, now 24 days later, it was decided that cheese from the topmost cheese -- the fifth-cheapest brand in the world, Cheddar -- couldn't be safe for human consumption. After screening its entire line, the USDA tested and approved 48 cheese samples from American restaurants. Some 24 came back positive for E. coli 3 and 40-Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), while the other 24 were negative, apparently because of food contact with the bacteria. E. coli can live in milk. (An animal can hold three times the bacteria in his own milk than the cow that might otherwise be able to, so there's no way it's coming from the cow). Made by the Canadian supplier Pippin Cheese, the tainted cheese was found at 11 restaurants around the country. "What's very alarming is that brands will offer consumers from countries with more or less strict quality control procedures when, as they do from Canada's dairy products, the companies decide that this wouldn't be a good idea," said Tammy Chacha, an E. coli expert and blogger. In "Dark Ages of France," Angela Jameson, director of food safety at the Center for Investigative Reporting, said the product is like a "novelty meat on steroids" sandwich. The cheese is made by 50 American cheesemakers who have cleaned out their businesses and become ones of the biggest cheese producers in the world. The reputation of French cheese has worsened over the years because of rampant use of artificial flavors, which can be used to flavor cheese, and low animal testing. In July, an epidemiologist diagnosed 47 different cultures of bacillus subtilis (or "swine flu"), a very serious infectious disease that can lead to paralysis and death, in places where milk is produced. The bad news is that this bacteria is commonly found in cattle. In many cases, cow milk is used to produce cheese products, especially at a time when it costs around $2,400 to $3,000 to produce. By using cow milk, French cheesemakers are minimizing and recycling time and money used on their products. In France, they have also worked to boost the effectiveness of animal testing, low human consumption and testing. The bad news is, unfortunately, that modern-day science is not yet yet as reliable as it should be. GMOs could ruin the future of dairy products. The easy ingredient for cheese is dairy, and the best ways to boost yields for dairy are to use dairy dairy products from far away -- with milk from animals that are normally slaughtered. If dairy milk is provided to people in small quantities, cows can be sure to pass on the bacteria. The bad news is, even if humans can't touch a cow, animals still have the ability to pass on the bacteria, because milk from animals that are slaughtered could be passed on to other animals. So, you might want to steer clear of cheese from facilities that may have low-grade microbes, or from animal farms that still rely on cows for milk. Another reason to avoid French cheese is that it could be high in animal waste and antibiotics. Thirteen labs in Colorado found 16 active microbiological samples at Orchard Cheese. In Indiana, a tests found blood cultures likely from a wild cow on the cheese and honey from an animal that often dies from food poisoning. All of these bacteria are in cultures rich in polysaccharides (hydrated vegetable oils), harmful to humans and livestock. The ingredients used are not specified on the Cheddar label, but Food Safety News reported that the products seem to not be from real animals. Still, corn.com noted the fact that these products were tested at 16 of the largest cheese restaurants in the country. 20 such dishes will likely be banned from grocery stores this year. Fermented macaroni, with a generous mix of blue cheese and cottage cheese may be safe to consume, so the restaurant industry may be cautious. The company says that the tests could still be taken after the movie "I Love Lucy," but that if it uses fruit flavorings, flavors should be avoided. In the movie, a fat cow is believed to have frozen out of the French cheese. Cheddar cheese, on the other hand, is in such poor condition that it can damage either your health or your lab tests.
What a sweet snapshot: Mom, dad, the baby boy ... and two charming canines.|||Comments Offers pepy advice to all parents: your dog and mom belong together. It's a good thing. My tag on this adorable shot shows neither dog has a coat coat, and I had to do some research on a dog's potential. According to the The American Kennel Club, breeds are essentially born from samples of physical traits (not genes): the Denimal, the American Kennel Club name for this specific (and perhaps less prominent) breed, is used only in the genetic literature. How do your dog's kin see themselves and their genes? A new review on the Japanese Kennel Club's American Kennel Club site says the most common family dog is the Coon, a form of Japanese/Spitz. Its description is also:A dog that has been companionable to a man across a long distance is called a 'Coon.' They are a slender, tapering dog, with a dark coat. They are the daguerreotypes of the American Kennel Club. Their natural family history is associated with the swiss breeds of deer, arabica, and chihuahua. Many top resources to understand this breed include Rennie's World and Danechnas.
(CNN)In the midst of the color debate, there's one thing the Internet does seem to agree upon.|||Many people found humor and humor in a Facebook post proclaiming the energy or rationality of a "white man" becoming sadistic. Another person said, "Can you imagine if real sadists' victims had to drag a brown out of prison?" For her part, Rachel Bilyeu told CNN that she welcomed the "open, honest dialogue" on race issues over Facebook. "Since when did color become a perversion of truth?" asks Bilyeu. "From the history of Hollywood to the state of our country. I am so proud of a man who stood up for all of his rights as America, but in all honesty he was not a brown man," says Bilyeu. Bilyeu made her post in response to a comment on another Facebook posting by an Indian woman who said: "Regardless of color you try very hard to be, you are NOT a white person. You are a human being." Watch a funny exchange between the two men in the video below. CNN's Carolyn Jackson contributed to this report.
(Mashable) -- Apple's production partners are already hard at work on the new model of iPad, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.|||Apple has ordered 100 battery packs for the new iPad and 300,000 more for the iPad, the newspaper said. Allegedly, these batteries are in for a charge during the transition to iOS 9 to 2009 as iPads 2 come to market. Apple employees are still renovating Apple's old factory in Cupertino, California, which hobbled last year with the design of the new version of iPad. "A woman is starting to work on the back of the building and the work is going really well," an unnamed Apple employee said. "The next model is coming in February." Apple announced last week that it is hardening its tablets and slowing down delivery times from iPhones. The same alleged move followed reports earlier this year that Apple was looking for an industrial partner to make iPads. Apple's new factory in Cupertino moved the manufacturing of the iPad to order fewer LCD monitors and a new robotic arm, the Wall Street Journal reported. But critics of Apple's development have since said the upgrade could cost as much as $500,000. The iPhone 5s' machine code changes, said a phone computer expert, spurred further questions about the reliability of the new iPad. "This report is not necessarily based on any indication that there is any reason to believe the ongoing claim, and it is not based on a product that Apple would want to produce," one employee said. After multiple phone maker delays, according to the Journal, Apple finally found the right supply source: Japan's Foxconn. Within a week, Foxconn employees started building the iPad 2, the paper reported. Before launching the iPad, Foxconn was developing the company's high-end TVs, including a new screen for its "Tabelo" computer which showed off what was thought to be a fold-out window. Foxconn acknowledged that it made the device, but also said it worked with a new Taiwanese manufacturer that is named "Asian Tech." Foxconn is believed to have been contracted last December to produce Apple's iPads, at which point it replaced them with a touchscreen solution. Meanwhile, other collaboration between Apple and Google has also paid off. Not surprisingly, Sony reported in November that it would manufacture a hands-free productivity screen called the "Sarah Silverman" that would scroll down with ease, the Verge reported. These kind of tablets are becoming common as smartphones become increasingly thin and short. There's also a buzz swirling around Apple's smartphones for tablets, such as the redesigned 2007 "Barilla" that was rumored to have a touch screen instead of a front-facing camera. However, that rumor was quickly quashed as well. And the Times newspaper, which typically sticks to reporting tech news, didn't accurately report the details the WSJ obtained. The trade newspaper predicted that Apple will announce its new tablet later this year, or, at the very least, continue to work on it with a new partner. The paper reported that Apple will be keeping tight-lipped, saying the company is committed to improving reliability and quality over time. The WTA also pointed to a "leaky" advance for the new model. iPads are a small smartphone and one that many consider too fragile. Apple has given up on making them even though that is what many consider to be a "high-end" product. Instead it is the latest in Apple's sprawling family of device categories, including iPads, iPods, MacBook Air, and iPad. See also: What makes Apple's latest devices so useful? Gadgets go mainstream.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Tyler Perry has, for the first time, revealed graphic details about the sexual, physical and emotional abuse he says he suffered as a child.|||Miscencinging, creating a voice for the victim of sexual abuse, Perry says there is no plausible answer for how the abuse got from "pure child molestation" to "unsolicited, willful and unquestioningly put into a context." "...I've seen him cry, I've seen him shake, to take it to the next level. I've seen him overcome," Perry says. "I've seen him gain control of it, and I think it's in the blood." Perry's wife, who has recently departed, Kellie Perry, told CNN's Eileen Moretti he wants to find out from the judge if Perry has finalized his sentence. "He told me that he has done what a good, manly and brilliant person must do. This is the first step and this is a public disclosure from him, the first step he's taken." Perry said he can't discuss details of the incident because of "trust issues," but he said he has not yet come to terms with having someone else lead his life. "I will live, but this family will not be." Katy Perry says she also believes it might mean that Perry is afraid to marry.
Saudi Arabia has arrested 88 men who were part of a terrorist network, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday.|||Saudi Arabia has arrested a Jordanian national, an Israeli citizen and a Spanish airman. In a statement released Tuesday, the Interior Ministry said the men, identified in court as Amjad ibn Mohammed Bin Ahkam, planned "to provide support and services to al Qaeda, ISIS and terrorist organizations" under the sharia in Bahrain and Yemen. They were arrested in raids on the homes of Abdullah bin Amoud and Hassan Abdullah. The Interior Ministry said it was conducting joint action with the Saudi Arabian and Israeli authorities, and intelligence and national security. Chief Prosecutor Adnan Al Jaber said his ministry was now investigating information on what might be behind the arrests. Jaber quoted police as saying that when intelligence agencies received information about a threat from "people who have connections to terror organizations," they stopped it. An Israeli Air Force spokesperson said it was planning to launch a probe into the suspected involvement of the Saudi residents in Al Jaber. We've never seen information on these kinds of attacks, before. I think we will ask the King about this question. Thank you for your support," he said. Witnesses said the Saudi-led authorities had arrested about 170 people in Jeddah last year.
A medical doctor-turned Libertarian Senate candidate in Iowa died when a plane he was piloting crashed  around 11 p.m. Monday.|||Dr. Glenn Larson, 48, died on the ground when his plane crashed into the side of a hunting lodge, officials said. Pratt County Sheriff's officials told CNN affiliate KCCI that they believe the plane was clipped by a hunter's jeep, and that the neck wound was catastrophic. Detective Lt. Greg Wilson told KCCI that someone at the scene told investigators that they heard a crumpled sound and was pulled from the scene. They were able to recover several cds and a flier with Larson's face on them. Larson was running for Congress in the 2016 election.
(CNN) -- You don't find too many happy stories in the aftermath of a tornado, but Spc. Jacob Montgomery is telling one.|||Army Cpl. Jacob Montgomery tells his story. He says he was out of the area with the evacuation order on April 12 because his United Baptist Church president called out a group of heroes -- all volunteers. But that decision to stay put brought on some tragic drama. "Everybody was in shock when they found out there was no more food, no way to get a cell phone or email, and they just had to go get one," Montgomery said. The men did manage to stay in place -- another job offer came their way -- even temporarily when they were forced to exit their apartment. Montgomery was staying at The View Lodge in Knoxville, Tennessee, one of two Baptist churches here to help the community. He became a pastor with All Saints Church in Flat Rock, North Carolina, and he got involved with events at the recreation park. "I have started an alternative youth job in the old park on the main part of the park," Montgomery said. "It's kind of less public and I still have a lot to do, but I'm working really hard to get out." At night, his neighbors try to figure out what happened to the girl who disappeared with him, but later discover a box of kittens. Since then, Momma and Opelika joined him and the mobile home park. "Walking down the mountain, I see it's in the open. And then there is the dog, and, oh, there's a dog! He's amazing, the one I'm getting a picture of," Montgomery said. The group of nine was forced to flee the town shortly after the tornado on April 12. Momma and Opelika saved all of the dogs. The puppy didn't survive, but Momma says her daughter is coming back to get her pet after a dog rescue attempt. "I just had the strongest feeling I ever had," Momma said. "I came back to the animal rescue, and I know there will be dogs back. I just know that." "The dog's completely healthy," said Opelika, who's been with her family for two weeks. "They're in my house. The cat is here, too. I went down with them, and the dog was pretty relaxed," she said. "She just saw, she saw the others come in and get into their car." Momma said she was thankful she had a job after the storm. She added that she doesn't see it "as a burden to anyone." "The biggest problem, it will be that we will never have the access that we would've wanted," Montgomery said. "So there are just a lot of people who are really shocked to see everything that happened here and just want to help." And help they did, says James Crawford, executive director of the local Salvation Army, which set up a homeless shelter shelter for vets. "I know the vets and they're heartbroken that they are missing their families and their friends," he said.
The discovery of three young women missing for a decade in Cleveland immediately raised the hopes of the family of a fourth missing woman.|||The search for Elena Walsh, whose name has been blurred from the original release, began after her photo surfaced on the Internet, and photos of a white mask and a scarf on a white child wearing it were traced to her after she was last seen in 2007. Authorities discovered the headless and ashes in 2001, and a week later, detectives said an anonymous tip led them to Jacqueline Walsh, daughter of Jacqueline and Anne Walsh, who died 15 years ago. Their children, Nathaniel and Elizabeth Walsh, also were reported missing. Now, as authorities draw ever closer to solving the disappearance, they're dealing with possible new issues: Who could be responsible for the deaths of the girls, who never reported any problems in their lives? Are they linked to a local drug-trafficking organization? Will the search become more open as evidence evidence comes in? Detectives have combed through police records and tracked down seven people linked to the sisters' disappearance, and said they suspect they've encountered meth. There was no sign of a car, or drug use among the teens and young adults, who were found dead in nearby Briar Creek in 2009, according to the Lorain County Sheriff's Office. Jacqueline Walsh's last known location was in Washington County, Ohio, near where Elizabeth Walsh lived with her mother. Marcella Adams, Janice Walsh's sister, has said her niece was on her right side. Cathy Anderson, the other sister, told the Cleveland's Plain Dealer newspaper on Sunday that the county sheriff's office has sealed the remains of all women on their way to Superior Court. She said it was unclear if the men had previously been charged, and added that they are testing DNA from the weapons and other evidence seized from the scene as well. A state police team arrived from London, England, last week to carry out a forensic examination of the women's remains, a spokesman for Cleveland police told NBC News. While on the ground, police said, neither police nor the FBI believe the victims were impaired when they disappeared.
Caracas, Venezuela (CNN) -- A manual recount of votes isn't possible in Venezuela, the head of the country's Supreme Court said Wednesday, suggesting there is no legal basis for the opposition's push for a ballot-by-ballot audit of the narrow presidential election results.|||Hisine Barrionuevo told CNN he had never heard of a non-constitutional effort to legally alter the result of a recent presidential election, but that there was no legal basis to build it into a constitutional dispute. "We considered it a dead end and at that point we decided it is the will of the people to have this in law and to be directed," Barrionuevo said. There has been no comment from the attorney general or the president's office on the issue. The court has been bound by Venezuela's constitution requiring officials to analyze all the results of such elections to determine whether they are valid. The most recent elections, held on June 30, saw votes from more than 2.5 million people and resulted in a decisive victory for Nicolas Maduro, who in an interview with the TV station Televisión 83 reported was nearly elected. The other four candidates, including Maduro, finished third, and the first step is required to get them to hand-count the vote, the Supreme Court's president said earlier.
PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania (CNN)  -- If you're out of work like Steve Lippe, who was laid off from his job as a salesman in January, you know you already have problems. But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment debit card, he became livid.|||V. Thanks again, Mark.  Have a great holiday season. We hope you had one as well. Be good with your favorite products in store.   Speak to the postman who delivered your groceries.  "I thank the postman for that and said his cards never left my shop," Steve Lippe said, discussing the bill that arrived on his desk Monday. This all began last week when he attempted to pay off bills on his unemployment checks. After realizing the last 15 checks left for a while, he realized that he had forgotten to pay them. The teller swiped his card -- and used his work ID as his security card. The code got stuck on the bag, and Lippe tried to change it with no luck. "I think they forgot that I was working," he said. With some tasks leaving the post office and registering his utility bill online, Lippe started thinking that it was a scam. But then he realized that his first to think was about groceries. And then he realized what was happening to his food order. All of the coupons for his group deal were broken.   When he tried to mail out the meal plan, the post office told him he would not be able to send it out. Lucky for him, Mark is only one of six members of his work group -- and he was one of only three recipients of the meal plan. Lippe said he tried using his newly acquired power tools to cut his meal into a meal that looked like this: He used a two-inch loaf of bread, and an electric pizza cutter that, when pressed, puts out cut-in-half pieces of bread (as opposed to slicing). And then he tried to cut the needed amount of juice. "I just stood up, got my scissors and put the fat of two homemade garlic breads over the saw," he said. That, he said, cut up bread and the calories without much trouble. Soon, the scruffy old man was hungry and broke out into huffs of laughter. "I ate four of the breads," he said. His frustration was compounded by Lippe learning that the stamps on the big grocery bags look different at different companies, he added. "You had to import everything," Lippe said. "You had to do an Internet search to find the ones you needed." "I was very, very afraid I was going to lose all my things," he said. Lippe decided to take the risk of trying to get a cleaning bill done. But he just couldn't shake off the anxiety. "I would have killed for these tools," Lippe said. "I've lost it already." And Lippe's misery continues. When he was talking to the post office and, of course, his bank, his stress level just reached new heights. This is not the first time he has been let down by the Postal Service. In 2005, Scott Treacy, who works in family insurance, said he had received a letter asking him if he was "recovering any loan payments for time lost" from an elderly client. Tearful, he said, he went to his bank and asked what he could do. But his bank told him that "this was not acceptable." "You have been getting interest interest and no small amounts of money owing," Treacy said. "You don't get billed monthly. There is no way in this world that you can do that. On the other hand, you cannot just walk up to a bank without knowing that your first check is overdue." Treacy said he felt "very insulted" and "bewildered" that his former job was made so apparent. The same could not be said of one of his former co-workers, Robin Carter. Carter, the co-owner of the bank, said his bank won't pay him back because he "cannot even calculate his debt as much as a defaulted check." But for Lippe, the man caught in the scam remains a reminder of the risks consumers face in using apps and websites to make a little extra cash at a time when society is a little less flush. "All it's about control," he said.
(CNN) -- Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Serie A goals since October as third-placed Napoli earned a morale-boosting 4-2 win at Lazio on Monday.|||The Napoli struck twice from the bench with 20 minutes remaining, first through Samuel Saiz before his fellow countryman Senno cairo added a third in the final minutes. The first two goals made it 1-0 and Napoli added a third as Felipe Anderson and Enrico Zeballos smashed in goals, but Lazio fought back to take the lead through Cuban Felipe Balanta and Daniele Facci. Mario Mandzukic's second opened the scoring in the third minute. Colombian Almendra set up Belotti for his second to win it for the home side and the result was in all but name. The 27-year-old shot into the net from the penalty spot, easing Napoli ahead 2-1 after three minutes. Milan striker Mario Mandzukic sent his side ahead at the other end in typical Benzema fashion. Eighteen years ago they were also on the way to a record fifth La Liga triumph when they beat Villarreal 3-1 on Saturday. They were the European champions at the time, but two goals from striker Juan Mata helped Juve to a 4-2 victory at their own Stadio Olimpico. Both teams came into the game in contention for the Premier League title and their respective managers dropped points. Defeat to the visitors doled out just six points in 22 league games so far this season and in midweek Napoli's Del Piero, including Giovanni Di Matteo strikes as Carlos Tevez are again injured. Chelsea, however, beat Levante 2-0 in their final game of the season, with Alex Tevez's 53rd-minute strike turning the game in favor.
You squirt it on your hands as you catch the office elevator for lunch, and then again on your way home. You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen, too -- and you use them often.|||" It's not only in the outer space," says Katya, now 26. "It's in all the crevices of your living quarters." You have plenty of time to spend in front of a computer. You never sit for long. Take your baby down to the bathroom. Use your sick time to take your nap. Remove your sweaty shirt and clean clothes. Wipe your hands on the tiniest piece of flannel. Do anything that may taste and smell or sting and or rub your eyes. If you have a child -- or grandchildren who may wish you to scratch their back and shawl them out for goodnight -- you may find it in. So if you take your contraceptive pills out and you find that you can't stand them, you make a do-not-mess with them. You twist the handles of the bottles into compartments. You pour them down a cathetris, and then you put the one across the sink. Or you eat a large part of the bottle and spill it into the garbage. You sprinkle some on the floor between the tile. If you're nursing, you throw the bottle on top of the water table. You fill it up in the refrigerator. Or you use it as a snack in the store. It doesn't matter. It's a chemical that can damage you. Cathetris comes from China and South Korea, just as condoms and sanitary napkins came from there. The bottles have a clear plastic cap; the cap fits into the holder; the plastic stopper is plastic; the straw is plastic; a clamp is plastic. Every bottle has a mask to keep the user cool. Then you sneeze or cough out some extra gunk on yourself. That makes you want to throw up; the mask doesn't do much to quell your relief. Even on those sweetest days, you think, "God, let me not think about them." Your thoughts turn to making the bottles in your house. On Sunday night, you threw up. You took a diaper to bed so your girls wouldn't see. When you were cutting up a couple of those wrinkly old veggie rices, you always got this overpowering urge to pull on the bottle and put it on your body. It felt incredible. You had to move it down the line. It was a reminder to wipe and wash and put it back. In your bedroom, you felt it and instantly felt the impulse to go all the way there and rub the bottle on yourself. You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen, too -- and you use them often. The face of your daughter is always changing. She acts strangely -- psychologically and physically. Often, she looks like someone who has been drinking too much. She has the jittery temperament of a diabetic, but that's not normal for her. She's also prone to anxiety and fidgeting, because she's constantly having to share her space with two people who talk to her. She's in denial. But there are things that can be done to ease her anxiety and keep her mind from thinking about suicide. Your baby girl sounds like your baby girl. She's always turned into a little whiny and clingy. She gets excited about your pills, especially when they wear the new pair you bought her. She always seems to want you to give them to her sister or your girlfriend. You don't want to take away her motivation. I've had a couple of strange chemical reactions. I will admit, they're nice for a few weeks, but the smell can turn to gross and unpleasant. Overnight, I'd think to myself, oh crap, it's one more pill in my pocket. I really want to go help her clean up her mess. Almost getting worse. I think about taking my pill earlier today. I remember that I forgot my button with the whole pill collection. I started smelling the pills in my purse. I could actually feel them. They're all in there. They're everywhere! Everything smells like mint. They feel like another drug. The right kind of gum. But if you're just taking two pills that won't dissolve until after the surgery, there's nothing in there that will dissolve your gum, so be sure to go home without thinking about it. That never goes away. Even oral antibiotic, anything that you're taking ahead of the surgery, every time.
(CNN) -- Lawmakers in Moscow moved Friday to ban Americans from adopting Russian children, passing a bill that imposes a series of sanctions on U.S. interests, state media reported.|||The bill is aimed at protecting American children being adopted in Russia by choosing the best kids, according to state news agencies. Children across the world "are subject to sanctions on adoption in light of Russia's practice of using international adoptions as models of family building, said the group of experts, a database of which is monitored at national level. The bill also includes restrictions on educational facilities and on tourism in the U.S. aimed at developing the Russian Federation, which has claimed a large number of Western children. World War II caused the trade deficit between the two nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pushed for the provision of U.S. children adopted from U.S. children, saying that such systems undermine American "security and stability." In a speech Thursday, Putin called adoption "a cynical and cynical formula." The new law imposes "serious consequences" for U.S. adoptions of U.S. children from Russia, said the association. The legislation lists 108 countries that adopt U.S. children. It is unlikely the measure will make much of an impact in the United States. U.S. adoptions of U.S. children are still a part of the Soviet Union, although a little less so in more developed nations like Russia. In 1996, the Reagan administration banned the adoption of children from all countries that had recently joined the NATO military alliance against Russia, which was suspended the next year. So far, six countries are taking the lead in banning U.S. adoptions. The legislation in Russia contains more specific restrictions against adoptions from U.S. children: Six schools. Six adults. Four Russian ministries. Russia uses mainly undeclared Russian citizenship, the last time doing so was 1997, according to a 2012 report by the Congress. U.S. adoptions from Russia are permitted, with a lottery system determined in August and a bank guarantee provided in January, 2011. The children are chosen to specific family structures, according to the bill. The bill comes two months after the United States announced sanctions against Russia over the human rights violations. The bill establishes a list of U.S. organizations and individuals who would be disqualified from adopting U.S. children -- the bill notes that sanctions on Russia are expected to appear in the full House of Representatives' report, the newspaper Kommersant reported. As one example of the bill's compliance, the amount of money worth "vast sums of ruble" ($295.38) could be halved within five years of being submitted to the State Department, the bill said. "We think this will apply to all U.S. nuclear weapons production and test sites," the bill said. The bill takes effect March 3, said the Washington-based Human Rights Watch. Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirmed the bill, saying it never mentioned the name of the United States and had never been given permission to adopt U.S. children.
(CNN) -- The true test of patience is peering for hours into a microscope waiting for a rotifer to open its mouth so you can snap a quick photo.|||The Ed State University's 'frozen image' project is the latest of these science experiments. Scientists use an array of microscope tools to pick apart organisms such as yeast, limes, fungi and algae. They view them both independently and match them to the exact species of fungus they're looking for. For the gallery above, see the "explores microscopes used for up to six weeks" project led by Dr. Joseph Ingo in the Benton Laboratory in Ruston, Louisiana. Journalist Lindsey Linden and zoologist Dr. Henry Nalnacki in the Huntington Lab in Auburn, New York, worked together to capture the groupings of jellyfish in the official National Moth Museum photo slide show. Within the lab, we got to see a surprising number of different organism species. To quickly acquire more details, ask Linden and Ingo what they do in their laboratory or discuss how these animals are so unique to them. Take a trip with us to the Chameleon Museum in South Carolina to explore its zebrafish, the Sea Otter, a group of manatees. The scientists were able to get about a dozen images on the slides. They would love to show you how even dozens of small organisms are unique. For instance, one about as many species of barnacles has been photographed in one hour than in just two hours. And scientists at the Benton Laboratory are trying to figure out how they might bring those amazing images into science education. For a closer look at these and other fascinating laboratory animals, click through the gallery above. Keep scrolling to see the cool photos of sea cucumbers. Here's what happened when the lab got close up.
(CNN) -- The 2009 snooker world champion John Higgins has said his "conscience is clear" following allegations of match fixing.|||The 43-year-old world number one this month made a "revealing" statement to CNN about his indictment by a federal grand jury in Mexico following his participation in a snooker match in New York last week. "As a man of integrity I will assert that I am the victim of a huge conspiracy," Higgins told CNN. "It's an indictment which, if it holds true, will result in the perils of all snooker fans and undermines my character. If it doesn't, I'm prepared to pay a fine and move on. And I believe that my family has also been negatively affected by this action and we respect that for sure. This decision, made in an entertaining game that helped set the conditions for a superb quality of play, will show what the public expects of John Higgins. "I have the utmost faith in the integrity of the sport," he said. The information comes as the director of the Professional Match Play Association visited Higgins in London last week, where he provided the backing of his former coach Steve Davis and advised Higgins to investigate his own football game. Higgins has already admitted to a "one-point error" in comparison to a previous playing partner in a highly controversial match. In July 2009, the ITF also investigated Higgins, who was determined not guilty by reason of lack of evidence. A second alleged snooker gambler, David Griffin, was found guilty of making financial payments in 2002. Earlier this year, the World Snooker Tour threatened to pull out of the lucrative tournament in China in protest against an investigation into the dumping of ball fees for matches at a dubious online gambling site.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Metallica's Lars Ulrich loves Black Sabbath and Deep Purple -- and so does his 10-year-old son.|||Jim Elliot Ulrich, 10, grew up with Black Sabbath and Deep Purple. He says his father, Lars Ulrich, is "just another typical, upstanding" white guy -- with the upside being that he takes "an awful lot of inspiration" from what he sees as the great white metal bands. We got a conversation with Elliot Ulrich, who told CNN that he thinks of Black Sabbath as like a father figure. "As a drummer, we do kind of build that up," the drummer said. "Before that, we sort of all needed it to get right." The 36-year-old revealed that the inspiration for Ulrich's career started in earnest at 15. Then, as a black fan, Elliot was "such an 8-year-old child" he asked his dad for some help, according to Ulrich, a father who helps as drummer and friend. "He always had a boy friend -- and brother," Elliot told CNN this week. When Elliot, who's from Washington, describes his favourite bands as "black gold" Ulrich says that the feeling "feels like you're watching him do his work." Elliot's dad, Gary Ulrich, told CNN's Shawn M. Bridges that Elliot bashed "White supremacy, imperial domination and the domination of this country on TV with his fists while we were breaking the [our] record [playing," and that righteously so. Even though Elliot doesn't know that Metallica is the real Black Sabbath, he adds that "they sound black and metal." Right from the start, Elliot has been involved in the family's life, and attending the two events did not seem too controversial, but it didn't start the job. He asked whether this year would be the year when it matters most. "Of course," the drummer said, "if he could play a part in it and then we're good to go." "At first, we were looking forward to it being just one big ruckus so he could play with my fist to go through something in the hall, but I could take him to the band, take him to the bathroom and try something and change it," Ulrich said. Nine years after the death of drummer Tommy Ward, Elliot Ulrich and his father continue to thrive. Just like father, son. Ulrich's battle scars make them sharp and the "bat man" on his forehead brings a pair of angry fists -- with more blood. You see what I mean. The Holy War: The entire, sumptuous, silly video is released tomorrow and will include an interview with the legendary guitarist in his guitar glove, drum kit and accompanying shoe; it features the artwork from both bands; it also features Erasure and Dr. John, plus a brief interview with Sabbath on record. As everyone may have guessed, he'll also be doing live concerts around the world this week, which are set for this Saturday, September 21. The band also might release a new DVD and vinyl download. The session is long. Ulrich explained to MTV News what he is up to. 'I believe I love Black Sabbath as much as anybody' he said, "just seeing them live. Things take longer in modern times and technology -- just because of the marketing, the Internet -- the ability for people to get to play their old-school albums." He blamed Twitter for the usage of the band's music, noting the increased usage over the last few weeks and also said it was "foolish to make excuses about it." "You know that these are international holidays -- you can't use it for the holidays," he said. "It's a bit unusual to be singling out a band." A refrain from Superbad. "I like that bit of material," Elliot, whose mother, Eileen, likens Black Sabbath, "that you missed." Elliot, the 9-year-old, gave a chuckle. "I used to have big bangs -- that's pretty much it," he told CNN last week. "My parents feel I got it, LOL."
London (CNN) -- Three one-time insiders at the defunct News of the World tabloid testified Monday before a British government-backed panel investigating press ethics and behavior.|||Robert riversally, John Pentland and Ian Coxe shared their backgrounds, backgrounds and responsibilities at the news agency, and delivered a statement of their membership of the inquiry -- including their attendance at any of the previous hearing -- last month. Matthew Boyd, one of the senior detectives who went on to become the next top editor at the Sunday Times, was also in attendance. He's accused of killing Milly Dowler, his wife of 17 years. He's also under criminal investigation for murder in a case that's involved the release of police files alleging the tabloid had used "clear, open, abusive and possibly criminal" tactics in an investigation into a police officer's 2005 murder. He may not have to lie to investigators. He has been jailed 13 times for bringing the police into action in that investigation, has personally engaged in what he called "barbaric conduct," and has publicly defended the press. Other remaining journalists, who admitted to knowing about the phone-hacking scandal while employees at the News of the World, testified last month for a three-man panel. They said the Royal press corps -- which included thousands of journalists -- was "generally held to high standards" but that governance and management didn't always go as far as some alleged, such as the rogue journalists who tapped up wiretapping windows of the news agency's homes. Robert Wyatt, who directed the royal abuse investigation during the royal diaries, also spoke to the panel. "It was extraordinarily sad to come across as unprofessional, not just to journalists but to editors, to the employees, to the Bureaucrats, to the people themselves that employ journalists, and to the readers at the News of the World that used to be its target audience," he said. "We are looking at every aspect of the issue. Obviously, this means covering them all." England and Wales' Crown Prosecution Service examined the phone-hacking claims. Under questioning, the panel was led by Malcolm Eldon, the former royal insider who Conted the London Tower, the presidential seal of the United Kingdom and controls phones nationwide.
(CNN) -- Novak Djokovic swept past Spain's David Ferrer in straight sets to win the Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament Saturday and demonstrate he is in fine fettle for the start of the 2012 season.|||In the first match, first-seeded Djokovic, from Serbia, put one foot in front as he beat experienced Italian Fernando Verdasco 6-1 6-4. Djokovic, who won the U.S. Open in 2010, defeated 2010 clay-court champion Juan Martin Del Potro in straight sets to head into a return to the No.1 ranking. Federer had come through three meetings in three days in Abu Dhabi, his bad weather-affected career having been interrupted by surgery after the loss of both legs at the end of last season. "Playing smart from the start I decided to play quick, the ball will be on my feet, I have to get good at the game." The world number seven, who will face coach Pat Cash at the Basel Open in August, is under pressure after losing his Wimbledon title in April to Federer. "I think I've done everything possible in the last few months to restore my fitness, I think I'm now ready to go for the beginning of the season, " Djokovic told CNN. A victory in the UAE would boost Djokovic's belief of himself and his career. "It would also put me in a great position to start my first clay-court tournament for two years this week -- I hope I play here in Abu Dhabi. It would be a great start for me, I am looking forward to that." The other winner was the Italian fifth seed, Russian veteran Evgeny Kuznetsov, who beat Croatian third seed Marin Cilic. "If you started in the best possible position to beat this guy, of course he'd never be out of it. He would be out there making bad shots. "But I will continue to prepare in my best style, staying with him throughout the whole match. Obviously it was more physical for me than the opponent." Federer played decently well but needed to keep his cool in the heat on the increasingly busy court. "It was a tough match. Especially on court two, the conditions could not be worse. "There was really quite a bit of punishment in this match, very few points were on the court. I think he stayed compact. "He worked very hard on his game. There were few drops." In his next match at the Open last year, Djokovic beat Dutchman Didier Goetsch in straight sets with a straight-break win. "It was just one serve after another and he was punctuated by his feisty play and what I would say his fastest serves, and if he did have the fast serve he would dictate most of the play in his favour, especially that first serve." Djokovic said after the match that he was "just happy to play the match, and hopefully the whole match will be perfect for me in the beginning of the year." Djokovic and Kooyama take home $2 million for win in Abu Dhabi.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (CNN) -- Police used pepper gas and water cannons to disperse crowds of demonstrators who took to the streets Tuesday to protest a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.|||The Wall Street Journal reported the Turkish government announced Monday night that it was blocking its own entrance to a conference of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. "Uniformed riot police are concertifying here on no names to stop infringement of the security of the worldwide meeting," the government said on its website. Protesters chanted of democracy and economic sanctions and also "From this day forward the proposed sanctions on Israel will not be lifted." The government had said the crackdown was necessary to protect tourism and limit cross-border revenue-sharing. Some demonstrators saw the opportunity to beat up federal ministers, while others could be heard chanting "I am saying goodbye to the office of the president."
(Rolling Stone) -- Lenny Kravitz chose a life of rock and soul a long time ago and until recently was never tempted by the movies.|||Lenny Kravitz: 'Let Your Rocker Rock' "Here's What 'Let Your Rocker Rock' Is," the recently released album from the legendary rock legend, the creator of The Flintstones. Hounded by stars such as Albert Einstein, Rod Stewart, David Bowie and Prince, the record brought praise for the 70-year-old's command of the music. Though on stage today, the often-surrounded Kravitz played it cool. After taking all his losses -- including the death of his then-girlfriend, Ella Cuzzell, who nearly died in an engagement car accident -- the film turned his life around. "What could be more perfect than a karaoke act?" Kravitz told Rolling Stone magazine. "The name (Lenny Kravitz) is very general in this industry. So why not immortalize it? This is the person I am and how I chose it in my life. "My goal was to create a movie and to have a good time. I hope with my love for performance it doesn't come to a period of stagnation." To this day, he has numerous projects in the works, but by his own admission, he is too shy to take pictures. "We were planning to have a public cast, to make a movie," he says, then adds, "so I didn't." Today, years later, it's a different story. In fact, agents have been called to talk about whether Kravitz could go into business -- by now, after working on movies and television for 30 years. None of his prior films have actually been released. And some of his music turned heads. "It was a real challenge," he admits, talking about the rock music he writes for the producers of The Flintstones album. "Just to come up with enough material and create even more balls to carry off [our relationship] in my life, it was a lot to give up." The "Heroes of Rock & Roll" collection, released in June of this year, sits on the star's extensive portfolio of memorabilia including photos, memorabilia signed by famous people and musicians, and memorabilia that hangs in his House of Hole in the Rock room. The majority of the fans and community members on stage are just ordinary folks, from the average American to middle-aged men to tourists to frequenters to those traveling the world who look for celebrity. The lead actor, known for his rock and roll to the emmy award-winning The Beach Boys album, braggart music and 50 songs, Kravitz was already known as a big star before he was cast in the movie. His breakout role as Walker Smith for the role of Brad Smither's cat is definitely well received. "The Flintstones' Amanda Harrington plays Queen Patti during the film's running," the Rolling Stone release notes. "The heartbreak is great." See Lenny's Heartbreak: The film opens with a trailer as well as more insight into the classic summer movie.
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) -- At least 20 insurgents were killed Friday as Nigeria's military carried out an aerial bombardment of suspected militant Islamist camps in the country's northeast, a Defense Ministry spokesman said.|||The spokesman, Moshood Attah, told CNN that operations had been under way for several weeks. Also in the capital, Abuja, the military destroyed six government-owned buildings, a tent camp, four military vehicles and other military facilities. Most of the rebel targets -- 44 areas -- were set up by the Islamic State in Nigeria and controlled through vehicles, bombs and vehicles, he said. The group claimed responsibility for all the deaths in the air attacks, he said.
(CNN) -- "It is so ordered."|||Mr. Grimberg says he's using boyhood to pique his love for building robots. "The core is still robots and in particular Maybach," says Mr. Grimberg, who lives in Damascus, Tennessee. "But now that is not built in 3D so the robots are built out of 3D, they are talking and interacting with children. They have built these physical robots, but they are very powerful robotic legs. The robots can be controlled from their room in the living room, controlled by their movements by the human hand. They have this mechanical impulse to interact with their caregivers." Mr. Grimberg says he got a toy for his child and that is the source for his mental tales of hitting and knocking things and having been "the 12th guy in a circus, or something, that could have been the hammer, hammering toy at any point in the day." But the 12-year-old has a different plan. "It was something that I needed to grow up and I said, 'I got to take it to college. So I got this one with me,' he said. "But when I went to school, there was a boy teacher, there was a high school teacher, and then there were a bunch of little kids. So I started taking my money in junior college." The great recession forced down the prices and helped Mr. Grimberg to build his own toy company, which started franchising toy trucks. Eighteen years later, Mr. Grimberg believes the company is thriving in part because of demand from children in "all age groups." Now as a consultant for Mr. Grimberg he is working out details of the company and works with Mr. Grimberg, who, he says, is looking forward to the next phase of his business. This time, the goal is going beyond just robotic toys -- Grimberg says he wants everything from electric trains, to car models and even building airplanes. A Dream Train for toddlers, a bird-training character, to find their young and come home. "The dream train is the final journey in the world for my boy. It is going to help him stay grounded, focused, and happy. It will also help him have fun. Our business is a daily job for the kid that needs it," he said. Superb results found in the wild. The Toys R Us website lists about three million toys sold in the first quarter of 2007, according to an estimated total of $7.25 billion. The Seattle retailer interviewed distributor Mike Thompson about Mr. Grimberg's toy collection. He likened a car to a toy, "a car built for kids to play around with and have fun with, and you understand it's not there for the children anymore." When we talked to a researcher at Toys R Us, he offered some tips for stocking toys with the right colors and components. "You should put guitars in the center part of the car as you build a drum and you would use a drum that you already have." They also suggested lining the back of the drum with an authentic local drum and bass. Grimberg and his son, Thomas, have said in the past that the band Orange County has become a favorite of his. "As a drummer, I am a drummer, and I use the drums on my son's birthday. And to be honest I use the keys to the drums on the home office door to go to gigs." Over the weekend, Tim Fumaro from the online retailer Lloyds of London shared an item of his very own. But it's not a toy to behold. Instead, Grimberg says he focuses on his own creation, play with lollipops and other fantastical constructions. He keeps an assortment of elaborate pinball machines, including a giant mechanical keyboard with five fingers (desk rolling. Evil Unicorns! Ernie Jr.) to hold keys for his son. The toy that he grew up with is a mutant flying robot with legs made of jawbreakers and boots that are wired to send him in an endless tunnel of switches. "He loves these things with a lot of energy," says Grimberg, who owns the Fremont comic book shop. "But they are almost worth $400. And if you have a crazy view of how things should be, you just have to hope that things change for the better. We wanted to build an event that will last forever, something interactive, something that is fun, that people will remember and revel in, so he can remember it."
(CNN) -- Bad weather is keeping Britain's Prince Harry and a team of UK veterans stranded in South Africa, their take-off point to Antarctica where they will race U.S. and Commonwealth teams on a trek to the South Pole.|||Prince Harry stayed put in an oil tanker overnight Sunday while rescue crews were dispatched to save the team, who are part of the 2012 team from the north African nation, which came to a standstill. "These guys are truly warriors," Prince Harry, 33, told the BBC on Sunday. "They have a gift for being patriots and I want to thank them for supporting our country and whatever service they are doing at that time." Prince Harry announced the news during a ceremony in Pretoria, an hour's drive north of the capital. "If you need to fly in an aircraft rescue, you need to fly in an air rescue helicopter," Prince Harry said. "It is not that easy. You rely on weather and it is that difficult." "In the midst of so much difficulty we have decided to stay put as long as we can," he said. The World Anti-Doping Agency said the team was "under attack" by storm conditions Sunday at Cathers Bay. The team's plane carrying them was forced down when they were rushed off the mountain, it said. Armed rescue personnel then tried to boost their height to fly the helicopter, but had to turn back after hitting a hard rock, the agency said. "This operation would have been a much more successful job if the weather had been more cooperative," the agency said. CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report. Prince Harry's team's rescue continues. As recently as Saturday they were also away from home, but after a two-day stay and a police standoff, they were back on a waiting plane Sunday, it said. The other two spots on the 26-member team, by contrast, remained unfilled. "They didn't make it," said World Anti-Doping Agency Director Chris Moody. "As we have seen from the previous go around, even British athletes who have made it to the South Pole have trouble with it. "This can happen." With greater weather possible in the weeks ahead, Moody's team members plan on staying put and looking to enter South Africa on Tuesday. The skiers will take part in the battle of the stars on Sunday evening and also on Wednesday with another British team. They are competing in the women's Antarctica marathon. Who will win? The Pentagon's Dana White, under the NASA Polar Challenge banner, said in a statement Friday the team is preparing for race in April 2011 to track the direct route of a man trying to reach the extreme pole, the north pole. "They will have two challenges, both of which are to circumnavigate the continent on land, in 33 days. They will be single track, powered by two (strong) penguins and will be part of the first team assembled by the United States to do so," White said. "We look forward to the opportunity to compete at the Arctic Games and the winter games." Denmark's Karen Bjerg, who earned the highest score, said she hopes her team will win. "They have been the closest looking team to the North Pole, but once they get into South America they will quickly lose their nerve and no longer know how to get down here," she said. Michelle Obama, Australian polar activist, told CNN's Jonathan Lefe and Isaac Barrett that the United States will be aiming to host the 21st International Polar Experience in November -- along with several teams from other nations, whether it's the U.S. Olympics, the Paralympic Games or the continent opener -- and support it.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The international race among sailors, kite surfers and wind surfers to be the fastest wind-powered boat on the planet is rapidly gaining momentum as speeds reach all-time highs.|||Waterwick in South East England. It will also take place in hot conditions at the wind festival one of the first ones to ever break 100 mph. "When we go for a 1000-metre swim, a super jet can have that same wind," said designer Dan Green, an oceanic systems engineer from Wakefield, England. "It is then you have as far out from shore as you can go." Now the main event will take place in the Sea of Galilee at the beginning of the week on July 15 -- a round of qualifying races which will determine which boat wins the race. The competition among the world's top 19 nations starts July 19 with the qualification rounds taking place across South America, Europe and Africa, including South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
(CNN) -- Police have questioned a man in connection with a shooting in New Orleans' French Quarter over the weekend.|||Police determined the shooting happened at an upscale catwalk building on April 3, on the corner of Saint-Laurent Avenue and 1000 Jean Lafitte Street. A man was arrested after shooting his dog, a Dapper Dog, in the head, police said. No charges have been filed against the man. Officers said police believed the business owner may be responsible for the armed robbery. It's unclear what the shooting was about, but a witness told CNN affiliate WWL that the intruder was a woman from gummi gummi world. She said the gunman told her he was doing this for her, and made an apology for taking her dog. "When he said that he was getting mad, he cut the dog," she said. Her neighbor noticed bullet holes in the roof of her house, police said. Madison Blackburn, spokesman for the New Orleans District Attorney's Office, said there was no indication the victims had been assaulted, but added the New Orleans Police Department is asking those involved in the shooting to return to the area as soon as possible. CNN's Jeff Stearns and Ray Fulton contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Listen closely and you'll hear squeals of disgust from a watchdog group tracking congressional pork in the nation's capital.|||Senators have been out with grins on Capitol Hill since 2008, now that pork barons like their ancestors have gone back to Capitol Hill with a vengeance, according to the National Pork Board, a congressional watchdog group. "We have 776,570 feet of pork in our congressional buildings," the group's director, Cheri Pollan, said in a press release Tuesday. "That's a significant amount and it does make a difference in the fact that pork makes you vote," said Pollan, who lives near the Capitol and works at the Harvard Law School. "Large entities, like the President's own agency and under the House of Representatives, do not distribute overheads designed to feed their constituents. This may be bad governance and is potentially harmful. Food is a very important part of the nation's government. We place a disproportionate burden of weight on certain building codes and areas of local government." And why? To prop up her standing, Pollan says she sold her shares for $190. The group has checked with other congressional offices to collect information about pork supplies and wages, according to her. For now, it's a place of check. But lawmakers may well have a lot more pigs to say thanks and thanks in 2010 and 2011.
(CNN) -- A Marine based in North Carolina died during a gun battle with police in Texas after authorities said he killed one person and wounded five others in a shooting spree.|||FBI: Marine Ruan Philips, 19, was "charged with the use of a deadly weapon on a residential street," an FBI statement said. "The investigation is continuing and the next few days will reveal the identities of those arrested," the statement said. Assistant Police Chief William Cooper said investigators determined Phillip was not acting alone in the shooting, and that the incident may have been a hate crime. A Facebook post said he had been recruited to law enforcement officers after he went to the FBI's headquarters to look for guns in Washington. He was unarmed, said Elizabeth Roberts, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, said. He also appeared to be using a type of prohibited weapon, she said. Police said they were not sure if it was his military service. "Law enforcement is aware of incidents in which law enforcement officers were involved, so all we have are ongoing investigations and we ask the public to remain vigilant as law enforcement officials and the public work agencies investigate," Perrysaid in a statement.  Watch the full statement from the U.S. Department of Defense below.
Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Libyan troops are surrounding the city of Bani Walid, awaiting orders to enter what had been a stronghold for late dictator Moammar Gadhafi as those inside appeal to the international community for help.|||Riya, 46, who is one of Gadafi's top commanders, is trying to ensure the troops follow a resolution signed by his supporters Saturday night to withdraw from Bani Walid. "No we can't retreat until we are told to retreat and surrender to the sovereign decision of the State," she said. "The Security Council resolved to send force after military rule is withdrawn." Spain's Defense Minister Sebastián Gervasio, who accompanied Loya in the vote on Friday, said in a statement that he had "provided all the necessary support" for Qaddafi's forces to leave Bani Walid, where many have been stranded. "We are ready to help whoever decides to leave Bani Walid. Our representatives in Bani Walid and on the Libyan Council of Armed Forces prepared in the legal way to enter, offer their support and security assistance," Gervasio said. Hundreds of people have been killed in the protests, which are the highest number in Libya since rebel groups took control of the country four months ago. Several bodies were found in a road in March and the shooting in February. The violence has been blamed on unnamed gunmen who fired into crowds of demonstrators, but the protests spread on a day when the airport was closed to let travelers out of the country, and authorities restricted access to buses to the U.S. consulate. The day also was the anniversary of the killing of Gadafi's wife, Rabia, when she was decapitated in an ambush, according to reports. According to the Center for Human Rights, Rabia is the same as his wife, and was killed in an earlier attack in her home in the same street. She has since fled, traveling to exile in Libya, where she has been forced into hiding since. Gadafi's charisma and military prowess but also his acrimony have created friction that rumbles under the surface. "We are fighting to defend our honor and the values that brought Gadhafi to power, but the people are putting pressure on us with many different reactions," Gadhafi's son, Ibrahim, a former vice president in Libya, told CNN's Omar cameroon in late October. Gadhafi, who has been deeply wounded in battle, is suffering from hypothermia, CNN has been told.
(CNN) -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is doing well as she recovers from surgery, officials said Tuesday.|||A press conference last year preceded the surgery. Fernandez suffered a seizure while returning from a trip to Colombia. The official U.S.-funded surgical center was in the midst of its final preparations when Fernandez got the word that it was a brain tumor, the sources said. The officials said Fernandez made the diagnosis after undergoing an operation late Friday at the Port of Cundinamarca. The disease is called Kirchner's disease and it could affect her voice, meaning she is unable to hear. Scientists in the United States have given Fernandez a name, suggesting she may have been suffering from brain hemorrhage. A spokeswoman for the Argentine government did not immediately respond to a request for comment Tuesday. Her problem was first brought to the attention of the media during the visit to Colombia. Fernandez then proceeded to the same hospital she left in Colombia in 2012 where her alleged involvement in the 2002 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Latin America was covered in a political and business magazine. She was not at the time. In the weeks since, her government has attributed the handling of the crisis to Fernandez's "passion" to country's farmers. Meanwhile, they have begun health outreach programs that are meant to "spark new hope" in the culture of society. Fernandez is expected to return home shortly. Doctors started treating her Tuesday after she returned from the surgery at a U.S. hospital in Colombia.
SPRINGFIELD, Virginia (CNN) -- Georgia Keightley strolled through the religion section at Barnes and Noble in Springfield, Virginia, on Monday searching for a last-minute Christmas gift.|||The 14-year-old told her parents he was there to pick up a book. "I'm looking for what I'm looking for in the bibles. I'm just looking for one, one thing. I'm not looking for anything," she said. For a minute, the child was not sure which to look for, but he had his mother with him. "It's the only book I have," she told him. What she didn't know was the story behind the book, the only person she saw hold the book when visiting the bookstore. "If I were the mother of a little boy this year, I wouldn't buy him the book," the mother told her son. "And it wasn't because of the religious beliefs he believes in. It was just for him." The book was called How God Is Doing His Job. In July, Terry McAuliffe, the vice president of the Massachusetts State House, and New York's Metropolitan Opera and Television, and author of the novel "Hedgings," walked out of the Barnes & Noble bookstore in Springfield, Virginia,. They had no idea the store was closed for the day. The reopening was to take place in 11 days. "We thought it was time, because our bookcase is so full of books about the Christian faith," bookstore owner T. Tony Williams told CNN. "And we thought if we weren't open for a few hours we could add another book about the Quran." CNN is not affiliated with the New York Times or Time Inc. The museum recently moved its National Christian Science Museum from Washington, D.C., where the group has been based for more than half a century, to New York City. CNN's Jack Bursage contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- Manuel Neuer captained Schalke 04 to the German Cup with a 5-0 rout of second-flight Duisberg while earlier Saturday Celtic salvaged their season with a 3-0 win over Motherwell to claim the Scottish equivalent.|||Schalke captain Manuel Neuer helps the German giants win the German Cup. ©Stephan Ljungqvist. ©Doyle Curtis. Scheinbeeren racked up a fifth consecutive league win. In a day of eagerly awaited matches across Europe, four of the continent's greatest football clubs also advanced to the German Cup final. One added to the problem for Schalke with the result. An ineligible goalkeeper made only two saves as Schalke won 6-2 on a day when Real Madrid were in action at Celtic Park. Arsenal's disappointing run in the Premier League was claimed by fifth-tier side Granada, who beat Saint-Étienne 3-1 in the French capital. In the other match played on Saturday, fellow Swiss trio Leon Bailey and Samuel Umtiti scored twice as St. Pauli regained second place with a 3-2 win at lower-league Leipzig. Former Germany and UEFA champions Feyenoord won 4-1 at Las Palmas to win the Spanish Cup. Spain's Antonio Valencia extended his unbeaten run as they moved level with Arsenal in third place. Elsewhere, in last year's FA Cup quarter-final, Dortmund fell to victory at Real Sociedad in the fourth match as Schalke sealed the victory with a 5-0 success. Schalke will take a part in the final against fourth-tier team BSC Mainz on the 28th, while Dortmund play Hoffenheim on the 29th.
(CNN) -- Three people were killed and two police officers were injured in a gun fight in Brooklyn Monday evening -- the latest bloodshed in a violent holiday weekend in New York City that saw at least 48 people shot.|||Two people were killed and one officer was injured in the attack in Richmond Hill in Brooklyn. Authorities believe the other two officers were injured when gunfire broke out on Midland Avenue, witnesses told CNN affiliate WPIX. Police Officer Brian Carling said the man had a rifle and took off running. In a Facebook post, Mayor Bill de Blasio blamed a man on Facebook for the deaths. Monday marks a variation on the New Year's Day shooting in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, which saw 31 killings on this date last year, killing 30 people. The first person reported killed was 24-year-old Wesley A. Penn, according to CNN affiliate WCBS. New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said the shooting was "totally out of character" for Penn. "We know the man is a very, very well-known suspect in this case, and we know he would want revenge against any police officers and we know the two police officers injured are a very lucky group of officers," said Kelly. After police responded to the 911 call reporting gunfire, they saw Penn outside the residence. He was unharmed and refused to say whether police had reason to believe that he had a weapon or not. Then police saw him rush into a front yard. "It was a very, very calm area and the family took refuge in the backyard," Kelly said. He added, "The water was really clear. A bucket that had been broken in the back of the house was actually turned into a golf ball and a mud bucket." He added, "There was a gun in the door of the house and a loaded gun in the bathroom." The woman who survived told reporters that her grandmother told her it was her grandmother. A friend of the victims told CNN the police do not have any reason to believe her death is a justified shooting by Penn. Police Department spokeswoman Starla Arellano said Tuesday's suspect was in custody but did not disclose his identity.  Watch more of CNN's coverage of this shooting ». Some in the show attempted suicide.
(CNN)So now we know. The Germanwings aircraft that crashed earlier this week was deliberately brought down by a co-pilot who had managed to lock himself in the cockpit as he set the plane on a course for destruction, according to officials.|||After the instrument panel failed to read the instruments in Germanwings flight 2280, the pilots continued to fly and tried to light the cabin with his personal devices, the airline told CNN. Once they tried this, the pilot went to the cockpit. The brakes broke and the fuel began to leak, and the coastguard started searching for it, Belgian airline operator Air France said on Twitter: "Two pilot kits developed in 2008 for pilots, thought to be leaked fuel, have not been found, due to failure to pass the sensors, cylinders being emptied before the engines can fully release, damaging the engine. At this time the cause has not been determined." Experts say the fuel leaked on board as the pilot tried to hard-press the last few cylinders. "There was significantly more fuel than we had in the engines, which would have put pressure on the crankshaft causing its mass to increase," a German law firm in Munich said in a statement. "There was also enormous fire damage, which resulted from no rear protection systems in the engine. Even among those that had been installed, the derailment of engine 47 proved extremely significant." Passenger friends on board the plane, beginning crying and crying, poured into the back seat. Thick white smoke continued to billow from the cabin. The fuel in the fuel tank blew open, causing the crew to "reduce the flow of fuel," just as they do before most other events, Germanwings said. Germanwings said the pilot "executed an intervention to put the airplane back to flight level and attempt to avoid a collision." They later indicated they launched a plan to return to the holding area but were unable to make the crash landing. No members of the crew were injured in the event of a crash. Later the pilot blamed a fridge-freezer -- the first frozen food for Germanwings since 1979, the airline said on its website -- and said he and his co-pilot had been prepared to jump through small gaps between the aircraft's carbon-composite aisles to escape. The airline said later the plan was not to do this. One member of the 43 passengers was injured as the plane went down. Firefighters who were pulled aboard the plane brought in parachutes, Germanwings said. Flight 2280 took 2,273 passengers and 17 crew members to three European cities in a remarkable recovery.
(CNN)A Montana pipeline burst sent as much as 50,400 gallons of oil gushing into the Yellowstone River, prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency.|||Leangst from a fire at a natural gas distribution plant in northwest Georgia has caused an oil spill into the Yellowstone River. The spill -- which was originally traced to a wildfire, according to media reports -- forced evacuations of the surrounding area as a precaution. Police in Georgia are working to clean up the leak, said Kevin Halermann of North Georgia Fire Protection District. Residents near the site are being kept away from the area and away from the river, he said. On Wednesday, crews were seeking the source of the leak and trying to remove it from the surface by hand, Halermann said. What happened? "We're in the process of having our field crews go up the banks and rip up the low-lying areas, get the well pumping to stop the flow," Halermann said. They believe that water from wells located along the highway has moved into the Yellowstone River, he said. The spill caused the water table in the nearby Georgian area of Kentucky to spike, Halermann said. "You can't have that near a water table," he said. The spill sent water into the city of Kalispell, and flowed into the nearby nearby Kootenai Lake, he said. And a pipeline between Custer and Big Horn counties, state police said, sent water into the Bitterroot River. The Bitterroot and Big Horn pass through the same area, Halermann said. "This pipeline goes under the Bitterroot River and it's Interstate 90 and gets turned to interstate 90 at an industrial interchange," he said. State Rep. Keith Shea said an initial report from the county said no open water, but later information confirmed that about "about 2,200 gallons of untreated crude were discharged." Authorities told CNN they did not know if there was a discharge in the Helena, Montana, basin, and are watching the surrounding area for injuries and damage. Oil spill west of Yellowstone River.
(CNN) -- The United Arab Emirates on Saturday expressed concern about a German court's decision to release an alleged Israeli agent being investigated in connection with a Hamas leader's murder in Dubai.|||The UAE-born Akram al-Hilal admitted that he was having contact with his former German colleagues from the time of the March 2007 terrorist attack in neighboring Israel and from the time he was arrested. "I am in no way a potential target for Israeli occupation forces," the court-appointed Arab representative told CNN. "I was an ambassador who took care of relations with Israeli and Palestinian issues for the United Arab Emirates." The court convicted al-Hilal in August of trying to undermine the "peace" treaty with Israel, breaching the agreement's terms to stop communication between the border countries and begin a process to extradite an Israeli spy. The UAE Embassy in Germany, which has the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, said the German decision risks "shaming us and could have very damaging consequences for the security and democratic character of our country and world." The UAE ambassador told CNN, "We hope the court will give the government of Germany some degree of space to offer a reasonable explanation of the failure of the German judiciary to prevent this development." Iran and the United States called on al-Hilal to be released by al-Hilal, the United Nations Secretary-General said. Al-Hilal faces allegations of trying to attack Palestinian interests in the Middle East. According to the U.S. State Department, his bank account was cleared and that he left Germany on April 10, the day the Israeli-born woman said she was born in Bahrain. Israeli officials suspect the woman, who has Jordanian citizenship, of being an Israeli agent, but Palestinian officials deny this. In an Israeli police raid in Baghdad, a Hamas leader was found shot dead during an arrest. Israel released al-Hilal in August, saying he had defected from Israel. The court of public opinion condemned his actions and the UAE government said that anyone complicit in his death had to be brought to justice by the High Court. CNN's Laura Kirby contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- The attorney for a man whose wife's wrong-way accident killed eight people on New York's Taconic Parkway in July says he will ask authorities to exhume her body to prove she wasn't drinking at the time of the accident.|||She suffered multiple fractures and internal injuries in the crash, and was able to escape the vehicle before jumping out of an ambulance, her attorney said Tuesday. Thomas Gilbert, who represented Hallie, claimed in a hearing Monday at the Supreme Court of New Jersey that witnesses provided no statement at the wedding. Health secretary Ben Driscoll told the judge that there were no witnesses. The court is weighing a third lawsuit from a plaintiff who said they received money and certificates after the accident. David Gutman released a statement saying it was not correct, because, "here in the court, we cannot authorize an investigation into a single action and we cannot disclose the reason for that." Millie Gutman's uncle, Morris Gutman, told the judge that he will not return to New York to testify in public in February. Max Roach said the discovery of his niece's body was "completely beyond all doubt," according to a statement from Rochelle Stapleton, a spokeswoman for the state Police Department.Rothman told The Post in New Jersey that he believes Gabrielle Gutman is okay. She suffered punctured lung and internal injuries and will fully recover, Brandi Glaser, Gabrielle's sister, said Tuesday. "This is terrible," Glaser said. "What happened to this family is unthinkable. And for them to sit and suffer so long?" A neighbor said the accident happened about 20 minutes from their Baywatch Heights home in the Bronx. Gutman's wife and sister-in-law, Lara Pitana, and nine other passengers were returning from a New York City hotel from a speech engagement held by the civil rights organization National Campaign for Civil Rights. Press photos of the group from the night of the wreck show them lying on the ground. The victims included eight children from different families. In addition to Blankenship and his own wife, Tiberio Matia, who was 20 years old at the time of the accident, was a baby at the time. Botman was injured. A local hospital picked up five of the passengers on July 10 and moved them from the highway. Tsviatow also is not in the hospital, but plans to start treatment soon for her medical condition, after being hospitalized with what one relative said was a serious head wound. She later started seeing a doctor who prescribed medications that helped her live through the ailments. She passed away last week.
(CNN) -- Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt has told CNN he can set a new 100 meter world record at the London 2012 Olympic Games -- and could run as fast as 9.4 seconds.|||He also believes he can end 2012 with a winning performance at the 200 meters and hopes to defend his 100 meters title at the Olympic Games. "I can sprint faster than 9.4 (seconds)," he told CNN Monday. "I do not know if it will even be 9.4 as we are using that number -- I don't know what the world record is. It's 9.8 (11/9) already. I think my hope is to stay there. "It depends on the weather and I am not in any hurry" Bolt, 27, added. "I have the chance to break Stefan Kolecki's world record of 9.5 (9/8) but that will be given by the type of weather I have been seeing in the last few days." Bolt, who won the world championship decathlon last August, also won his second successive Olympic title in the decathlon in Melbourne in April. Kolecki, a 35-year-old Ethiopian, was runner-up to Usain Bolt in Atlanta in 2008. In the 400 meters he finished fourth with Khalid Jamil of Jamaica, who missed out on bronze after failing to qualify. Bolt is seeking to record a new world record in the 110 meter hurdles. The 30-year-old took the third place in the final of the 2005 World Championships, going down to Fabio Britano of Italy and was beaten by world and U.S. champion Atika Ali Dastis of the United States in the decathlon. "I think my capability will get me to a whole new level," he told CNN on Monday. The possibility of a new world record was first raised in 2009, when Bolt set a world record at 145 meters at the Carolina Palace hotel in Barcelona. Britain's Princess Anne, 35, was also in the running. "I don't think I have ever been in a world record position but I would be happy to try," Bolt said Monday. The other Jamaican's record-holder, Usain Bolt, turned 33 on Sunday. As part of the preliminary pre-Olympic preparations for London 2012, Bolt participated in the last pre-Games course -- held in 1993 -- in Birmingham, England, and trained in a hotel in Pontevedra, Brazil.
(CNN) -- A 59-year-old Michigan woman has been charged in connection with the death and dismemberment of the woman's 32-year-old son, a sheriff said Monday.|||Dream Davis dismembered the body of her son in their rural Central Michigan home, Anthony D. Burden said. Davis dismembered the body of her son, Bruce Davis, 25, and then hanged himself, deputies said. The manhunt for David, who became a suspect after authorities discovered his body Saturday afternoon, started when a neighbor spotted William Davis hanged from a ceiling fan. "She says he jumped off the balcony and strangled her," the sheriff said. SWAT team detectives found the body with a knife. After that, authorities tracked down William and recalled David. The manhunt ended when Burden caught David unharmed in a traffic stop Sunday afternoon. The manhunt was "totally fruitless," the sheriff said. Authorities have not released a motive for the woman's slaying. But authorities said authorities are still investigating whether it is domestic violence or just a horrific act of extreme violence that led to her son's death. When William and Darnell Davis were arrested Sunday, authorities discovered a butcher's knife in a kitchen, a new charge also appeared in the indictment. A report states that the motive is "family violence," with the victim chosen due to his "deep connection" to his mother. Police said on Monday that the man -- William's father, Antonio Burden -- was shot multiple times and killed last week during a police chase in Marquette and police found William's body on June 4. "William was moved to another location where he is technically alive. We've gotten reports of other people who may have been treated for the injuries that he sustained," Burden said. Jan. 13 marked the fourth day of a manhunt that had stretched from Lake Geneva to Hudson Bay following reports that William's body may have been found in nearby St. Joseph Creek. Although the calls for Williams' help began over the weekend, they have not been answered. Investigators announced the arrest of Davis and her son Monday after receiving a tip from another man who said he was inside her home when the man saw them there. Police found Cameron, 36, in the bathroom of her home with a knife and the boy's body. The man's sister and the carpenter, where the vehicle apparently was found, told CNN affiliate WDIV the man was "intensely upset" when he was discovered, the statement said. Brianna Davis told CNN affiliate WJR, "He's at my house every day and then at the barbeque. It's like there's a circle. "It wasn't fair that we didn't get the closure on." Louisiana police said Katrina Diallo, 47, drove up on Monday and found Devon's body in the center of her house. Authorities said Orleans County sheriff's deputies arrested her that evening and set out to find Devon Davis in Hampton. And when she couldn't find Devon, Clark County sheriff's deputies pulled out their car, and Davis' car was found there. "They pulled over the vehicle, and allegedly saw Devon's blood all over the thing," Clark County Sheriff Sgt. Phil Knight said. A loud loud sound of a tire cry was heard and a white-water carrier being dumped in the creek. The county spokesman said he suspects Devon Davis was driving the car. A search was ongoing on Sunday. CNN's Steven Moses contributed to this report.
An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare warned of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.|||E Hickenlooper et al. acknowledged in an internal memo released Friday that an "independent audit" did not provide a "guaranteed" certificate for certain health insurance providers, or standards for verification. Enrollment programs, known as the open enrollment periods, open to members of the public across the country on December 15 and 30 are now open for sign-ups. Under Obamacare, adults have to enroll in health care plans through the HealthCare.gov website. It is designed to be accessible to anyone with a valid state driver's license or Medicare card. About 1.3 million enrollees, the vast majority of whom are young Americans, face potential lawsuits. "Despite this huge backlog of applications, there's still only one system that can be used for monthly enrollment," Hickenlooper et al. said. "This system does not run across the front doors of the health care system and there are no robust security mechanisms in place to adequately block the user in this situation." How the federal government is jeopardizing the health of millions of Americans. By comparison, Facebook allows many users to access its site without rooting in their computer's rooting functions, though a small minority of people were successful. With online advertising and access from mobile phones (up to 2 million customers), the websites act like personal cell phones for millions of Americans. Even before the federal government took responsibility, "Some vendors let the critical sites of a number of online payment providers to access an unprotected location on the Internet," Hickenlooper et al. said.
(CNN) -- At least three people died and seven others were rescued Thursday after their boat capsized off the coast of southeastern Florida, the U.S. Coast Guard said.|||The ocean rescue efforts continued into Thursday night for 10th and 11th people, a Coast Guard crew said. The fatality occurred about noon (1800 GMT) off the state's southwest coast, said Capt. Stan Mathias of the Coast Guard. The victims were fishermen who reportedly were trying to arrive to a Florida fishing spot to find a floating boat in flooded water, Mathias said. The landing zone was "eerie and distant," and the vessel had a high rate of acceleration during the tide, Mathias said. "We have a boat that is... trapped right now, so we're just going to wait for the wind to clear," Mathias said. "The Coast Guard will be providing boats to try to assist them with this." The vessel was last seen just before the high tide, and rescuers deployed three Coast Guard boats to recover the victims, he said. The vessel capsized in rough waters just as it was hauling one of the rescuers' supplies, Mathias said. Dive teams were already on the scene working to salvage the boat, Mathias said. Twelve people were hospitalized after the capsized. Searchers were using non-life-threatening elements of the vessel and assessing other possible hazards, Mathias said. Conditions on the water were deteriorating, he said. "This is a very dangerous situation," he said. "They need to ensure they've got all of their equipment with them." It was unclear how many people may have been on the boat, Mathias said, but he added that most likely someone in the water was a child. The Coast Guard said swimmers will need to stay away from the water. The tide was just starting to recede off the coast in the areas of bald cypress and riparian areas, according to a Coast Guard statement. Wind gusts of more than 55 miles per hour were blowing in waves a quarter mile high in many coastal areas, feeding current currents, he said. The military has been conducting frequent oil spills and wrecks off the Atlantic coast of the United States. The U.S. Coast Guard also has been involved in at least 12 wrecks, including six death of sailors from Japan, his spokesman said. The timing of the two near the same area was not yet clear, he said. During the day Thursday, weather was calm but weather flooded water in the area of the capsized boat, Mathias said. As the boats moved toward shore, some people were riding on the underside of the boat, Mathias said. "They kind of got carried out," he said. Two ambulances responded, but their helicopters were unable to rescue people from the boat until it capsized. The Coast Guard has two boats assigned to the recovery efforts.
(CNN) -- Let the extravagant wedding planning begin.|||According to TMZ, Ward won $70,000 and carried roses for the bridesmaids. If you're not one of them, you can come. No, you can't be the bridesmaid who's married off to a movie star, but that's OK. Ward apparently didn't spend the money she wanted on other elements of her big day. Instead, she paid $140,000 for her clothes for a glamorous cruise to Martha's Vineyard and $42,000 for a huge honeymoon, according to CNN affiliate WTSP. Her speech included a salute to America's maritime heritage, according to TMZ, not to mention some laughs from her bridesmaids. Daily beauty Brad Hewitt, director of six video shoots for Good Housekeeping, among other celebrity guests, said it was not his first time working with Ward. The bride and groom, who have their fair share of controversy, went for an all out five-star affair and included a night full of fireworks, according to "New York Times" Magazine.
Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- When I was a little boy, my dad and I would sit on the floor next to his old reel-to-reel tape deck, taking turns talking into it and playing our voices back -- the same reel-to-reel he unwittingly used to gain his 15 minutes of fame.|||He's been in the headlines as a rattle in the Texas jail of convicted child molesters for the last month. The 39-year-old Chicago actor was arrested Friday after his mugshot was shown on CNN. He's suspected of taking a "West Boy" red Stetson around the reservation in Boone, Colorado, and burglarizing a residence and attempting to leave in a car, CNN affiliate KTVK reported. Baltimore police said Friday that an arrest warrant has been issued for the actor who was found at a loaded carport in Prince George's County on Friday night. The mugshot released Sunday shows him arrested on a charge of theft of an alias, with one of the mug shots showing him fanning his body with both hands while a Baltimore Police officer pulled him over. Former Daily Beast reporter Patrick O'Donnell visited actor Rick Kalinovsky and his family in Miami, Florida, on Saturday to find out what made him fall off his favorite steer, and why. The living photos are not real life, but Sharron Varner said she looked at the photos to see what kind of animal the cowboy was saying on camera. She said, "You want to know what something is that just might have made the boy look at me a little weird?" "Well, he's shown us a lot of animals, including Gorilla on the Nile and some crazy, cross-country jumping, waterboarding animals," she said. "But he was really talking about bull -- the Bronze Bell at the center of that picture." The "West Boy" is an endangered species, meaning he is a protected species, according to the Department of Natural Resources. Atlanta, Georgia. You can read more from Dan Purdon's series The West Boy at CNN iReport.
(CNN) -- The first "cup" was used in hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974. That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain is also important.|||The first helmet was in the 1880s and the first user of helmets was a man. Around 20 years later, men adopted the turtleneck. A 1980 presentation at the American Institutes for Health Research reveals the importance of men's brains to any sports, including hockey.  Watch: Horace Burke volunteers in a speech-detection campaign ». The "cap" are designed for an association of sex and gender. It is believed to be more likely for men to play sports than for women. But in fact, a helmet would have some consequences for only women. Ian Stanley makes up the brains of men and when all the other parts of the body is working properly, men do more, when it comes to finishing plays, and in decision-making. Xiao also wore a hat for field hockey, but men's helmets became a career — it's called a re-design because the helmet was never intended to match that. "With two helmet models, single-helmets or dual-helmets, the helmet sits more just and has greater coverage," Reynolds said. "So it protects the team and can be used by all because there is so much more space for both men and women." "It doesn't cause brain injury," Stanley continued. "You're equipped with a helmet and one brain and you can go on with your life."   Watch the 2001 TEDx talk: The helmet: Not just for footballers.
Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A Wisconsin Republican official compared the protests over Gov. Scott Walker's attempts to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees to the Holocaust on Wednesday, a remark he later conceded was "a bad word" to use.|||"The mutiny in Wisconsin will continue," Gately said, vowing to impose a steel company strike in a statement following last week's revocation of collective bargaining contracts for public employees. He vowed that there would be other strikes to oppose the governor. CNN's Michael Cragg contributed to this report. Watch now: Walker said fear of anti-Semitism and Holocaust as part of his life » Watch Leader Journal coverage of the controversy ». Trade unions, business groups have been pushing Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to try to pass collective-bargaining reforms. A top Wisconsin state official called the so-called "Freedom Caucus" movement -- an attempt by pro-business unions and conservative groups to find a way to work out some kind of deal -- "part of the problem." State Rep. Jason Garrett said he thought Walker's comments could be taken as a Nazi warning, describing the movement as "Jewish fascism in a war zone, based on what's actually going on right now in the Middle East." "It is now a crisis that is very worrying. This is exactly what it is in a war zone -- and with every left-wing politician, the moment of truth is in going," he said. Karen Lukowsky contributed to this report.
(CNN)From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone, the United States' national parks were made for you and me.|||But, in 2012, national parks were recalled, twice, after a 2013 science study determined they had inadequate staff to handle a man-made threat to ecosystems in the South. The views of the Great Basin region, thought to be the country's healthiest and most temperate, make more sense to the scientists. The Interior Department's Parks and Recreation Commission recently recommended that all 16 national parks in the country be reinstated and staffed. The National Park Service disagreed. The Park Service investigated the study of this vulnerability and restored the parks to fully staffed staff levels, despite consulting with other states and the National Parks Conservation Association. Staffing is fully restored as quickly as it was restored, resulting in an 83 percent reduction in the number of Idaho National Parks employees. In addition, 10 Kansas state parks will operate year round with 20 percent fewer employees. More from CNN Travel: Best Five cities for hipsters
(CNN) -- Wanda Butts lost her teenage son in a drowning accident six years ago, and ever since then she has been working to change a troubling statistic.|||Butts is working to be a change agent in this area. As chair of the African American Law Students Association, she and other members have taken on issues that affect the African American community in ways that vary from country to country. On a daily basis they have the chance to help young people become able to spend money they would otherwise have spent out of debt, on fixing things themselves. The organization, founded on the Backroads Project, is an important part of that: it helps connect communities "to a group of people who are very distressed and in a lot of pain," says Butts. Many members are unemployed or facing debt they can't pay off. A lawsuit against Butts' family over the settlement agreed on in 2005 was dismissed and prosecutors told her to come up with a plan. "We weren't going to fail," she says. Butts is spearheading a media and funding campaign that has had a ripple effect in the Baton Rouge area. That's as far as she has gotten. "There's nothing out there except for information and resources. We have these tremendous sponsorships, we have some people who are stepping up, a lot of resources. We have a mentor in Australia who's now here," says Sharon Collins, public relations manager for the 2013 paralympics in Tokyo. "It starts small, is here and it kind of carries through." The LA chapter currently has 170 pools and volunteers here, starting with a film at the festival. Despite the vibrant city and strong awareness of the job-killing population of adults who drink and drive, it is uncommon to see actual fatality rates of the homeless. Now, an additional 350 people die each day by suicide, involving anything from bathtub fires to vehicle accidents. There are 63,000 people dying by suicide each year, the WHO estimates.
(CNN) -- Manchester United fought back from two-goals down to defeat rivals Manchester City 3-2 in a thrilling Community Shield at Wembley, the traditional opener to the English Premier League.|||Manuel Herrera played a direct role in the second Manchester United goal. It was his 12th touch of the ball in the penalty area and he finished a powerful one from 12 yards to send Arsenal on their way. The resulting 2-0 deficit meant United had little to play for after the break and Chelsea proved too strong. Tony Yaya's long-range curling header from the edge of the box came back off the post with six minutes left and he added an instinctive header which outpaced goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey's legs. Manchester City defender Dejan Lovren fired over a left-foot header from Rico Silva, who had earlier caught out Roma keeper Ryan Wilson, after turning goalkeeper Wayne Rooney. "I think there was probably an idea that this was it from the start but I must say we didn't stop the pressure," said Alex Ferguson. "This is the first time in 24 years where the biggest game of the season has come at Wembley." Ex-United and Atletico Madrid striker Gabriel Jesus, who has been suspended by President Jose Mourinho, saw his penalty deflected off the woodwork and onto his own post. Guardiola's side looked as though they would struggle in the immediate aftermath of last season's defeat when they suffered a heavy defeat at home to arch-rivals City, who saw their lead cut to two goals by midfielder Leroy Sane. But City's goals were swiftly snapped up, with Yaya curling a bullet header from inside the area that beat Hennessey, who had fired just over the bar. Klopp also set a new record for the English FA Premier League season, beating Boris Becker to the title by more than eight years. ©Empics Sport. Swan in Bayern Munich took on Barcelona in a match of intense physical competition and was overwhelmed at times by the Italians keeper Terezios Llorente. But the Catalans fought back, keeping 13 men on the pitch. Taylor Hurst provided a crucial late assist for Sergio Busquets, who scored twice before the final whistle. Opinion: City thrives amid pressure but Barcelona subdued.
(CNN) -- Are you worried that millionaires don't have enough influence in our elections? If you can't contribute more than $123,000 to politicians, are your free speech rights harmed?|||The Republicans are battling if they can buy a million-dollar home. Americans don't pay income taxes. This is a complex and frequently controversial question. We have the presidency of a U.S. president, who inherited a fortune and once was head of an oil giant, and we also have a business mogul who founded a flotilla that helped the New York City mayoral office while he was mayor. President Obama made five inaugural speeches himself and may pick a lottery millionaire for Secretary of State, despite being one of the richest men in the world. Yet this isn't the first election cycle to send a millionaire to Congress in a key political party. These are simply a handful of people we're reviewing because we value our freedom of speech and our right to vote. Can you comment on the Millionaire's Pledge? For more information about its current proposal, see.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Ten schoolchildren and two soldiers with NATO's International Security Assistance Force were killed Monday in a bombing in Afghanistan, officials said.|||A militant wearing a bullet-proof helmet blasted into a group of officers littering the parking lot of a school in Kabul, the United Nations said. The attack Monday killed three schoolchildren, including a boy in kindergarten, and five other members of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces. Five gunmen, including a coalition soldier, were also killed, Afghan President Hamid Karzai said in a statement. The attack came a day after insurgents killed two NATO troops in a suicide attack in southern Afghanistan. The two NATO soldiers, the Taliban and a member of the United States Air Force were caught in mid-air when they tried to flee. They died, Afghanistan Central Gov. Gen. Nasir Mohammad Durrani said in a statement. NATO said the air strikes at the ground level were carried out from a mine. Opposition fighters in the province of Paktia said the attack was carried out by a local commander of the Mullah Hayat Karzai Mujahideen group who targeted the border village, the U.N. said. Taliban spokesman Qari Yusuf Ahmadi said that militants were targeting at least six "general areas" of the province. "A small Taliban group" was behind the attack, he said. Peshmerga troops fought the rebels as a last-ditch effort in the provincial capital, where NATO had withdrawn most troops last year. The Taliban launched mortar rockets and rocket launchers at the NATO-led multinational force on Monday in Kabul's eastern Pashtun Mountains, the Taliban spokesman, Qari Yousuf Ahmadi, said in a statement. "The blast was captured and transported away to the north of the city," he said. The NATO spokesman in Kabul said the violence followed a similar attack last month by militants in Haryana province that killed 36 coalition troops and 13 civilians. "No militant group has claimed responsibility for that attack, but we are going to investigate the source of the bomb and send anyone involved a response," the spokesman said. In January, NATO recalled its forces from the area, and residents living near the neighborhood reported seeing a new explosion in the area. On Thursday, four civilians were found dead and four others wounded in a neighborhood northwest of Kabul. ISIS called the attack a suicide bombing, a possible connection to a previous explosion in the same area in February.
(CNN) -- In all the toing and froing that we have seen in recent weeks surrounding match-fixing -- the Europol press conference that announced more than 680 suspicious football matches worldwide and the banning of 33 players and officials for life in China -- one question has been largely overlooked: just how do you actually fix a football game?|||The list of suspects in the investigations unearthed in recent weeks in dozens of countries continues to pile up. From the unsuspecting opposition, including lowly Malaysian-based Karen Takimatsu, to fickle and sometimes reckless team members such as the "Humpback" of Feyenoord, who were accused of swinging a game to advantage to score the win in a 2010 match between Shandong Luneng and Qinghua, the match allegedly was fixed by referee David Fox. Fox is serving a three match suspension with his team and the UEFA Champions League's Spanish counterpart, Rafael Benitez, will face a similar suspension. Sanad Dodibbafosi of Spanish outfit Sporting Clube de Madrid is among those banned and linked with betting from 2003 onwards. Although there's only been one match so far out of more than 800, an investigative commission set up by the European Commission is likely to unveil more cases soon. Like Iran last year, France will launch an investigation as part of UEFA's plans to tackle the scope of the sport's international off-field crime. UEFA and FIFA have both vowed "innocence" in the fight against off-field crime and now prosecutors have begun to round up potential match-fixers and their agents, just as they did in Cahokia, France, earlier this year. An EFSA-backed investigation is currently being carried out in France that aims to break up matches where money is being moved between fixers and officials and in the process preventing matches from going ahead. The two cases relating to Moctezuma Tintori and Moctezuma Sr., won't be resolved before the end of this year, although they are important lessons for authorities around the world. Europol then said it will conduct an investigation into the haphazard system used in matches that are often played and organized under small windows or in glassed roof football stadiums. The structure is sometimes what meets the mark of cheating. In a statement, the organization said it had "continued its efforts and will consider what measures the European Commission can take in further action." Though Tintori is banned from playing in France, Tintori is allowed to play in France, but all matches in other French football leagues will have to be fixed by the commission. The commissioner also named Cameroon as a target.
(CNN) -- This week, Barack Obama will embark on his first trip to Israel as president. The visit will enable him to engage, experience and touch Israelis in ways that move and bolster us.|||The president of the United States and senior members of the United States Cabinet have called on the House and Senate to join President Barack Obama in declaring it a "day of national mourning." We want to honor the 75th anniversary of the passing of Abraham Lincoln by acknowledging the values that Lincoln set in motion: the individual, the nation and liberty. And let us remember that those values must be supported by both government and private sector, and that sacrifices for people must be made as well. The trip is an opportunity to honor Lincoln, a man of strong character, integrity, courage and love. Last year, over two decades later, as a Senator, he helped longtime service men and women honor his colleagues by declaring it a day of national mourning and bringing soldiers, officers and elders under his command together to make sure they bring treasure with them. And I hope President Obama will honor that legacy by telling his will and tradition in Silverton, Nevada, the president of the United States. But first, it's up to us to show him both our appreciation and our accountability. A concerned public figure who has previously mused about it, we hope that this time will be no different. We join other voices -- including former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, now slain Rep. John Conyers' widow, Sara O'Toole, and Farrakhan Andersson, Norway's defense minister -- calling for a full and more comprehensive shutdown. Israel, as we have seen in recent decades, has broken down human rights barriers in a way that places little value on its defense, the stated aim of a peaceful, unified and demilitarized state. Despite some of the high-handed decisions by certain governments, there is no place for government corruption, hypocrisy, militarism, betrayals of trust, or big-heartedness. In a country where it has been a central focus for decades, we should find courage. America's first Black president on the world stage is therefore an outstanding figure. But his future is also of great concern. Indeed, let me speak for the American people -- the people most often asked by others to stand for what's best for their country. Where has that sense of integrity and responsibility for the public good been called to the fore, ignored and corrupted? The leader of the House of Representatives spoke about Chicago at Tuesday's high school's graduation ceremonies. Former Illinois House Speaker John Boehner slammed the choices made by Obama's predecessor, President George W. Bush, during his father's visit to the nation, saying, "We lost, we lost our right to organize in this country." U.S. territories like South Carolina, Tennessee and Indiana have turned to terrorism, along with acts of domestic abuse and cruelty, an example of which was demonstrated in November. Our government should never tolerate such character assassination, even when it comes to the personal safety of a parent or child. Any discriminatory policy toward the dispossessed is abhorrent and unproductive. Unfortunately, while the President of the United States supported this history-making celebration of human rights, it failed to recognize that this common humanity was touched by a group of parents who were born in Belgium, and raised in Belgium -- many were Catholic. They were abandoned and so were their children. As a result of our failure to find a fair and dignified way to meet these large numbers of people and engage in meaningful issues as we often do with other immigrants and families of color, some of them came to New York to protest, boycotting our speakers and occupying our venues, college towns, cultural events, tents and ushers. We were outraged when the President asked our legislators to cancel U.S. participation in the Washington Day of Remembrance for New York's deaths. We are deeply offended that this cancellation will affect U.S. citizens or our families at home. No American should have to wait years for such meaningful, non-violent action. We hope the House of Representatives will join a panel of retired U.S. lawmakers and others who wrote to President Barack Obama on this issue. CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Ed Glaeser and Ed Luce contributed to this report.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- The death toll from an outbreak of hepatitis B in India's western Gujarat state reached 38 on Sunday as authorities prepared to begin a vaccination drive against the disease.|||The outbreak of hepatitis B disease began on March 10, as passengers on a bike riding over a roadside bus near a popular outdoor swimming pool reported feeling unwell. By Sunday night, 20 bodies had been recovered from the site. The disease causes anemia, liver failure and death. Health officials fear that another 27 people may have been infected by an infected person from the same nearby village. The virus killed 13 people last month. More than 2,500 people have contracted the disease since the outbreak began. The disease is also diagnosed in children as young as 9 months old and in adults aged 11 to 70. WHO has estimated it could take two years to fully eradicate the disease, if not longer. The outbreak is one of hundreds in the United States that have not been able to get vaccinations for the disease. Many people believed to be afflicted were still living without medical care, or refused to seek treatment. The government of India issued an emergency order allowing hospitals to keep hosting emergency teams. An illness is usually transmitted by the person who shares food or water with someone infected with the virus, according to the Health Ministry. In other countries, when outbreak cases occur, treatment is usually available by injecting people. Health officials believe the majority of affected people in India can self-administer the vaccine. The health ministry warned that as more people in the affected areas are exposed, the outbreak risk could grow. The hepatitis B virus has the potential to spread rapidly in a remote country. World Health Organization has declared it a global health emergency. The most infectious infectious disease in the world is hepatitis B. When it attacks, human body can not protect itself from it, according to the National Institute of Public Health, India. The India-based organization said it won't test against the disease before it has been seen by health professionals, given the complexities of the disease.
(CNN) -- If you think school starts too early, you aren't the only one.|||Posted on Tuesday. From a concerned parent to a happy student wanting to start early, the parent's daily struggles as she crushes the last book, cans of ice milk and treats has also increased. She said the snow in New Jersey and New York state has led to lack of schools and she is choosing to email family members to inquire about opening times of school. "It's been a long winter but [there is] snow again," she said. "It's fun to be a mom. It is hard to understand why some parents are so offended." As far as kids whose homes seem to be haunted by snow? "Every child is entitled to their own space," she said. "I'm not against it because if it doesn't make you sick you don't have to." No one wants to be snowy and cold in their living rooms, but yes, some people are affected by the snow and not so cold. There are sometimes messes to make. "It is what it is. That's a gross thing," said one mom. Some "woke up as a kid and with a lot of snow and my neighbor didn't sleep very well, so I decided to deal with it by eating," another mother said. "I'm sure it's gross, to be eating nothing but good stuff and not sleeping, but my kids had fun with that." The school class rose by about 30 minutes Monday, when the snow stopped falling and buses began their daily rounds. No other location was reporting higher snow accumulations. Ice-milk tea is the staple for those wanting to avoid the cold. But even when school opens, some parents are toying with the idea of restricting snacking in the snow. One Utah student says no to eating lemonade on the first day of class and "never a case of that." The parents who told CNN: "We have to figure out how many calories all that is and in which mouth candy can you also cut out?" Nicklaus Angell, the family's co-founder, said he wanted to thank the parents for "opening up the conversation" to his family. But he said they are exploring alternative options. "We do have work to do," Angell said.
(CNN) -- Aruban authorities are urging Natalee Holloway's father, Dave Holloway, to delay volunteer search efforts in her disappearance until police get better information on the case from Peruvian investigators who have spoken to Joran van der Sloot, prosecutor Peter Blanken said.|||In addition, "We are meeting with each other at this time to ensure that the search for Natalee's remains are on track, so that the risks to his son are minimized," Blanken said. He said that the searches are focused on Lake Hermanne in South West Aruban, and another area in lower Aruba, Prince Georges Cay. A Louisiana-registered submarine and a community group of Peruvian fishing migrants last week entered that area, which is larger than California, Nevada and Nevada combined. California uses a different model of submarine that can be lowered, which was used when police from Puerto Cortes Island went underwater around 2 p.m. Thursday. To seek help from other teams, the navy launched a search boat with underwater sonar systems, but found the missing girl only about half a mile away. At her reward of $80,000, anyone who sees Natalee was told to bring it to a morgue within one week and another person into the morgue three hours later. It was not clear whether she was the first victim of a submarine to be found in the area. CNN's Dan Kirby and Mari Antonescu contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal battled hard to overcome Roger Federer's conqueror and give himself a chance of a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament title in Italy.|||Rafricano met Serb Novak Djokovic in the second round, and the Serb has the chance to give the ATP Masters 1000 crown to a friend if he can beat this weekend's defending champion. The tiebreaker at the All England Club was drawn out and decided in a one hour, 10 minutes test, with Nadal winning a third straight set. "Of course I never give up. I just need to focus and be aggressive. I try to serve with a lot of power and serve with a lot of precision," Nadal told the TV channel. The 15-time grand slam champion continues his unbeaten run in clay-court events and lifted a seventh Sevilla title on Sunday following the German's surprise defeat to the Serb. Nadal -- who defeated Feliciano Lopez in the semi-finals of the World Group I clay-court tournament in the winter of 2015 -- defeated Australian Marshall James Murray in the last four to reach the Australian Open semifinals. "Today I am very happy I played well. I really enjoyed the match," the Spaniard told the Reuters Sport website. "Of course Roger played a great match as well." It's the ninth time Nadal has won at the highest level at the All England Club -- in eight victories, including the 2009 title -- following a comeback from a series of injuries in the 2010 grass season. Nadal's first win came in January this year when he beat Spaniard Benoit Paire in the first round of his grass-court tournament in Toronto, and he claimed the title at Kremlin Cup last year. The Serb won back-to-back titles at the Monte Carlo Rolex Masters and the Italian Masters in Barcelona this year. Last year he beat him in the final at the Green Park Classic, but set up a final against Roger Federer. But Federer was without his best serving game this week and Nadal could have carried them for more than the past month. "I think I did something different in the last part of the match," he said. "I was disappointed, and I was disappointed that I needed to serve well and play decently to get myself through that test." "I really did today, and from that moment on, in the end, I am sure that I will have the chances to win that title." Djokovic, who won his eighth successive title in Sunday's Federer clash, is playing in his first Monte-Carlo Rolex ATP World Tour finals and is seeking a record-equaling 15th title after defeating the Serb in a dramatic last-four clash on Thursday at the Hill and Clay in Monte Carlo. Diving from pillar to post against Frenchman Xavier Malisse, the 27-year-old won 7-6 6-1 to resume his unbeaten run in the Spaniard's absence. "To be honest, one hour and 15 minutes is way out there. But I thought today was a very good test," said the 27-year-old singer from Cyprus. It was the British player's first ATP Masters 1000 title. Nadal will next play David Ferrer or Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France in Saturday's third round. Defending champion Roger Federer next plays fifth seed Mikhail Youzhny, who leads Schwartzman-Zuberek 6-1 7-5. Malek Sogard comes to face Grego for Austria's first WTA victory since 2000.
(CNN) -- Airbus has showed off its new A350 XWB, rolling out its first flyable plane on Monday fresh from the paintshop in company livery.|||Watch the vented concussive vent of air. The Boeing 747-8's replacement for the aging 777 is a much smaller, much more powerful plane. Its prototype is one of the first models to be delivered by Boeing. It weighs 300 metric tons, up from 250 tons originally, and can fly for up to 19 minutes. It is now estimated to be sold for around $150 million ($182 million U.S.) per.S.W. T., including government aircraft, on display in Spitalfields, Pennsylvania. A test of its wingspan is expected as part of its certification process. Aces 10 and 11 fly the prototype for the first time, with the standard third-place take-off cockpits held aloft between two legs at Frankfurt am Main Airport. The XWB has a maximum takeoff and landing weight of 2.9 tonnes. The plane has a top speed of 77,500 km/h and will be four times the size of a Boeing 777. Boeing reported an increase in domestic jet demand, reaching 15 million dollars a year in 2013, based on the wide-body jet's capability to carry 45 million people. There is hope in the future for the nation's largest fleet to exceed the 3200-seat XWB size. Airbus will work to reduce the cost of the plane to $500 million ($499 million U.S.) by increasing its capacity. The production of the internal combustion engine is expected to start in 2012. The contract for the new 3200-seat plane was signed in 2001.
(CNN)Will "Birdman" rule the roost Sunday night?|||"Birdman" looks exciting enough to win the weekend for non-Michael Jackson crowdies. It is one of those movies where the shark [Narcos] and the shark mom [Leibovitz] play match-ups. But critics say it is full of shallow stereotypes. If I can be a mom to two little girls, or a facebook profile for my first time? Or a passerby recognizing the work of a movie director for the first time? Moll Yim is sounding the alarm on some movie-goers, but seems concerned that Meryl Streep won't return for Birdman. She told CNN's Jonathan Mattison that while moll Yim is an "unglamorous" director, "for me as a woman it is admirable that she can keep it real," said Moll Yim, referring to Streep's role as a famous New York City schoolteacher. "What she has given us, as in her story, in the Manhattan of Birdman, is all the qualities of a schoolteacher who is somewhat obsessed with teaching the birds about society." Streep doesn't want to be pigeonholed as "Birdman's' teacher" or "the Dallas Cop of crime. But she believes her work and the drive of an obsessed teenager deserves to merit recognition." The company behind the wild storytelling also includes Scott Rudin, Paul Blart's 1990 anti-depression novel "Untouchables" and Lady Gaga. "Been a bit too wonky for me, but also thoughtfully done," said Bryon Johnson, who played Lara Croft's pregnant beau. "It's wonderfully shot." Although Wall Street Journal critic and former CNN staffer Josh O'Connell declared it an "embarrassing" mess, but felt impressed by its wacky concept of "brainwashing" instead of "trying to set a trap," in the long term film, he thinks it will bring the unexpected. He explained: "There's some fun in what it's about, but it's not a lot of dancing. I don't think you'll get many people talking about that in here." But something could inspire other bird-viewing specialists to take to the big screen for the first time. According to Birdman's Magic Webcast, its aim is to create "a cinematic social experience for its "virtual cast" -- hoping that the bird-viewing experience and "the wild look on the viewer's face" will make them "ready to attend to a movie, to take the next step with their careers, to reflect on their past and to take on new experiences in life as audiences continue to evolve and to bring something new to the world." "Birdman" airs Saturday, airing 8 p.m. on PBS (CHESS). The film, directed by Polish filmmaker Pinel Guerotti, is set to be nominated for five Oscars. New York Times Best Picture and Critics' Choice winners "Believe" and "Breakout" both already have secured awards.
(CNN) -- Charity: water will receive a $5 million grant from Google's Global Impact Awards to provide clean and sustainable water supplies to the world's most far-flung and impoverished regions.|||Glass water delivery service will receive $5 million from Google for mobile app development, which it would like to distribute free of charge to everyone. Google said it hopes the app will be successful by increasing donations to the nonprofit and by helping others use its mobile apps to create jobs, starting with 250,000 applied jobs globally by 2015. The organization will work to create jobs for up to 500 people in the run-up to the grant by providing a list of categories, such as those that Google took from 18-to-30 year olds when it announced the award last year. "The app will let anyone who is an android gaming, computer gaming or car repair enthusiast create an Android-based app that helps people achieve their goals and ultimately will create jobs," the organization said in a statement. Google said it is especially passionate about using mobile apps for sustainable development. "What Google does is work with people, organizations and governments to bring meaning to life throughout the globe and deliver the energy and resources that are truly needed for sustainable development," the organization said in a blog post. The award is part of the Google Global Impact Awards, which it announced last year. According to CNN's Leon Chiu, who covers the world's supply chains for CNN, Chiu said it will benefit water organizations who are hard-pressed to provide safe water to the most far-flung regions. "The key issues are really air quality, water quality and climate change," she said. "Funding is the number one obstacle to sustainable development." Google has sponsored 2,700 social impact projects since 2007. In addition to the grants, Google said it will donate some of its research-based money to the cause.
(CNN) -- A "faulty" flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands, an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others, Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday.|||Turkish plane crashes on return flight home from Olympics. "Over the last year, the Turkish national aeronautic association has acquired the Transatavia fleet," Turkish TV channels said. Turkish Airlines spokesman Abdulahi Tikolch tweeted that the Turkish "strong-pressure maintenance system" that failed upon landing last month caused the plane to blow up and that 95 of the 172 passengers and 12 crew members were killed. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has ordered an investigation into the incident, in which the Turkish plane crashed on its way back from the Olympics. The pilot "had a technical problem for the flight board," Dutch Transport Minister Ertz de Jong told Dutch media. "The assistant in charge of the flight control system communicated to the flight's captain an anomaly which caused an instant loss of power and led to the loss of control of the plane." De Jong said "multiple rudder and conventional controls were affected and the plane was ejected from the water-filled nose of the runway." A man was killed in the explosion and a torrent of debris fell on an area of 2,000 to 2,000 square kilometers, according to the Transport Ministry. Tributes gathered for the victims and the flight crew at Istanbul's main airport. Journalist Zena Teren wrote that 15 of those killed were Turkish citizens on board the plane. Two Turkish women died, the International Olympic Committee said in a statement on its Web site. The 36 passengers and 12 crew members aboard a Turkish airliner were killed and the rest injured when an unidentified plane crashed during landing in the Netherlands in June. The Turkish state-run media reported that the plane had been preparing to fly to Singapore on Tuesday, where it was scheduled to fly on the private. In addition to the Turkish fleet, Japanese officials said a second Turkish plane was supposed to fly from Turkish capital Akkuyu to Singapore on June 25, but it was diverted to Indonesia to refuel the submarine, Sub Sea Blue. Greyhound bus drivers blamed for inflight accident. An official in a local resort said Marco Tony had ordered Turkish officials to postpone any domestic flights to Singapore in order to take more time to examine the accident, Teren reported. "As a result of this delay, a serious safety disaster has occurred in Singapore," Tony said. CNN's Travel Editor Karen Tsu said the delays are not related to the problem with the aircraft's fuel. CNN's Travis Foerg contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Power-driven wheelchairs are costing Medicare and its beneficiaries nearly four times what suppliers pay for them, and competitive bidding could have reduced those costs, according to an inspector general's report released Wednesday.|||Last year, Bureau of Labor Statistics determined that there were far fewer pump-driven wheelchairs than the amount the government pays for them. The report, by a federal inspector general office, said a six-step process was used to determine if the cost of the wheelchairs was reasonable and awarded the contract to a supplier, which then ended up paying about $447 million. In 2009, the number of push-driven wheelchairs increased, from 6,400 to 8,200, but the number of hospitals and other facilities keeping the Wheelchairs of America was 40 percent larger, according to the inspector general. And the report estimates that demand for push-driven wheelchairs increased, especially at New York area hospitals, where demand was seen as high among patients in wheelchairs like that of MiraCost, according to the report. The majority of doctors refer to push-driven wheelchairs as "wheelchairs." The report found that 25% of Illinois hospitals stored their pumps at least five years after use, and 15% of New Hampshire hospitals stored them longer than five years. "It is highly significant that after the 1966 presidential election, electricity costs were cut to none in the United States," according to the report. One manufacturer announced last year that it was reducing the price of its push-driven wheelchairs by $523 million over the next five years. The government did not recommend it, the report said. Underwritten pricing includes incentives for sales and funding, such as reimbursement for turnkey rentals, and more. Medicare already approves push-driven wheelchairs. Last year, Medicare issued $20.4 billion in discounts to private and government hospitals around the country to make push-driven wheelchairs more affordable for patients.
(CNN) -- Larry, one of the employees you supervise, hasn't been performing his job up to expectations. But you've been reluctant to take him aside and speak with him candidly: Like most senior people in the company, you are white. What if Larry, who is black, takes your criticism the wrong way or, worse, thinks you are racist?|||Your supervisor is a senior person at a major company, responsible for hiring, firing, training, managing and supervising others on a large payroll. You know the employees well. So you can empathize with their concerns. And perhaps you can listen to Larry's complaints. And maybe you can help by doing the same. But first, it's important that the supervisor know how close he is to a predominantly white community and the cultural nuances of the issues that often divide people from one another. Larry is a qualified, experienced supervisor. And when he brings up race in the workplace, even seemingly innocuous things like his perceived complaints about the cultural realities of a predominantly white population might spark something more serious. He may suggest that you say something that will hurt the white community. Not to mention bringing up issues that have historically led to discrimination and stereotyping. Or perhaps he might mention racially-specific slurs, like these ones: "You ought to be ashamed of yourself." All that racism bears witness is to a person who is based on a cultural experience and who bears no ill will. In my experience, it is rare that the negative experiences of any minority group are enough to cause a major policy change and substantial ongoing consequences. But in many cases there are instances of significant prejudice and/or discrimination that still remain. Racism can and often does have harmful consequences, not just for individuals but for communities and society in general. It's not "just" whether people of color get more for a bigger paycheck but also for attempting to do the right thing -- that's what segregation has come to define. We do not have to think like this because it simply isn't an option. Instead, we need to think more clearly about it and be more sensitive to how we treat one another. ... Please submit your comments with today's article at CNN Opinion and speak with the opinions expressed in this commentary. © 2010 CNN Opinion. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- An uncle of President Barack Obama who was arrested last month for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol has been released from custody.|||The justice department statement said she is a cousin of Obama and doesn't have any legal restrictions or legal representation under her law. But she was found to be in "extremely poor" condition and detained by an attorney, the statement said. On Saturday evening, according to the court documents, Jenkins was arrested at his home and taken to the Washington, D.C. jail where he remains under house arrest, the city police said. Jenkins, 50, was arrested Friday afternoon after a call to 911, the statement said. Jenkins was driving his cab on Saturday when he was detained, police said. Jenkins had already received a warning about alcohol intoxication, the arrest report said. He was not wearing his license plate or a company employee identification, which prompted the call. Jenkins has not returned messages from CNN seeking comment. He was seen by a number of reporters driving in a car in the days after the incident. CNN is not identifying the cab driver, or whether he was in the vehicle. It is unclear what type of alcohol Jenkins is under. Biden, who is not running for president, said that he was "absolutely thrilled" that the situation happened when he heard the news, the White House said. "Of course our staff is very relieved because this kind of thing didn't happen to any one of us," he said. As a Democratic governor in Michigan, Biden has met with drivers of brown cars and have offered their help. "Today's arrest is a victory for communities, and it is a victory for the rule of law," Biden told CNN's Victoria Savidge in an interview published on Friday.
(CNN) -- A rare snowy owl was in stable, but guarded condition on Thursday after apparently being hit by a bus just blocks from the White House.|||The American Gray Owl, which died about 9 p.m. ET Wednesday, may have fallen onto a sidewalk while crossing the street in the White House District, David Hockney, the National Zoo spokesman, said in a statement. Widespread panic erupted when visitors and passersby watched the owl after it lost its flight path, then knocked down a bus on the way back to the White House. According to a reported $1 million price tag, an unspecified number of the passengers were asked to leave the bus, Hockney said. After it rolled over and onto its side, the owl went down to a nearby subway stop where she "relocated herself with air conditioning," according to a White House statement. Other wildlife officials were holding various raptors at the White House, including a duck, a beaver and a duckling. Twenty-one, including his keeper and T.J. Buckner, were injured in the incident and taken to the Florida Department of Natural Resources' Upstate Wildlife Center in Frederick. Hooded owls routinely wander the streets of the nation's capital, said Patrick Chisolm, spokesman for the National Zoo. A weather report in the early 2000s predicted that snowed owls would grow in number in the winter, Chisolm said. Before the 2009 Winter Olympics, Chisolm said the zoo had about 20 to 30 owls annually. YRDS says it has 2,400 owls in it, and is open during the spring term and at other times. The same year Chisolm was at the White House, locals were seen huddling around owls. According to the Virginia Zoo's website, A bright blue owl was seen jumping over on a Bus Boycotts Cup one year. In 2007, a small flock of young owls reached the White House, Chisolm said, and on October 18, a group of 7th graders alerted local officials that a owl that had climbed a Washington street was taking swipes at adults. See photos of the owl. And researchers don't know exactly why. This is why.-- Rick Feller contributed to this report.
(CNN)What if a dachshund and a pit bull got together?|||"All it took was a case of the dogs on the park facing each other." But, Julie Andrews asked, why it's very important that the dogs be separated? If the city police don't want dogs fighting because of the racial hatred that may have bred these dogs, why don't they get a dog-to-dog match instead? What goes wrong if a dog bites a pit bull and gets injured? "It's time to re-examine the problem that pit bull-to-dog match breeds have," Andrews said. "We were doing a lot of research about the difference in how they react when you hit the pavement. Dogs run away, some are fearful, some prefer to be walked on certain surfaces, dogs don't like it when their collars are removed." Related: What's in a name? The dachshund was named after German shepherd Southfield ("Shedog." In the breed's dictionary it's spelled "Saifling"). "Shedlinger" means "cane," meaning "poor mule, small dog." "She'd be sweet, loyal," said Andrew, who wants his dog to be called "Harold." "And no, I'm not saying they're dogs of the same breed. They have different bones and personality differences, but they look different," she said. "Also, in the Westminster Kennel Club there were 2 years between these two breeds." Andrew added that it wasn't always easy to find a match for her dachshund, and sometimes "no one could get a match. In the years she was around, there was one sibling -- a lab mix. One day she saw three people being left together." "She'd be just fine when they put her in a facility, she'd wait outside," she said. The training dogs had to pass a course of tests and then the judges decided that the two breeds would have to be paired together. In some cases, the dogs had to be switched. Andrew said one that was hand picked for her as a unique breed. "She was kind of unusual. What kind of dog was she? There were a lot of dogs raised in here. She was tough. One thing about this is that there is a good mix of every breed, and she did both." According to Breeders America, the USA's database of dogs that are named both "Hampshire Bulldog," "Warthogs," "Rottweilers," "Spaniels" and "Warthogs" shows they can find those dogs. Other breeds have also been found with the same impenetrable qualities, though rarer breeds such as the dachshund. Dr. Cari Edwards, of ABIR, said the dog breed, which is primarily of the white beige, came into being because of the expense of replacing their collars with head collars and feet, along with a 'greater variety' in their housing and food. The pittles were probably crossed, and then bred, so they could be marked out. "I just think that's a bad product, to be honest with you. It goes back to safety," Edwards told CNN. Edwards added that a bomb squad has already found a dog the pit bull struck. Three people from the group will eventually be charged. The other pittles will be put down. Police Officer William Esquivel, of New York, is the officer behind the Stolen Lab and dachshund incident, according to CNN affiliate WBRZ. The other two young men are innocent and are with the Dachshund. Authorities are aware that both dogs have been properly licensed. Though at a very young age they were able to survive, William is being treated for minor injuries, according to Philadelphia Police. "I think that's probably what it's going to take to move these dogs down the block," said E.J. Bernard of the Dachshund Association. CNN's Barbara Starr and Benjamin Barnes contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Claudio Ranieri has resigned as AS Roma coach following the Italian Serie A side blew a three-goal lead to lose 4-3 at Genoa on Sunday.|||Rancien 1:11. Fans celebrate during their game against Genoa. For the second week running, Ronazza is among two Serie A clubs already on the ban. He was Roma's coach for last season's league and cup triumphs, after replacing Stefano Pioli. Genoa's defeat to the 1977 European champions now leaves them third in the table and out of the Champions League places, behind seventh-placed Inter and eighth-placed Lille. Sunday was their eighth defeat in their last ten league matches. Italy international defender Leonardo Bonucci followed Ranieri's replacement in Italy. Pioli's departure comes two months after the Italian club's stunning Champions League exit at Lyon to former boss Lecce. A setback for Pioli is also likely to lead to Ranieri's dismissal. In Italy, the club faced a tricky semi-final second leg tie with Lyon which resumes on Wednesday. Chievo will play third-placed Napoli on Sunday.
(CNN) -- The head of Homeland Security travels to Arizona Friday, a day after Mexican authorities questioned two men in a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border.|||Stephen Hawk at AZ Border patrol base, where the guard was shot on Wednesday. Kelly will meet with Aguila Nuevo director of the Arizona Department of Public Safety and U.S. attorney generals on Thursday. He will also travel to border regions of New Mexico and California, where Border Patrol officials are still searching for two other suspects in connection with the deadly shooting of an agent near El Paso, Texas. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is scheduled to arrive in Phoenix, Arizona, on Friday afternoon to meet with high-ranking officials from the departments that oversee security, homeland security and law enforcement. Speaking of the I-10 incident near Del Valle, Arizona, Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan told CNN Thursday that authorities were "assessing the possibility that some sort of gun accident took place" there.
Cairo (CNN)ISIS has a new residency in Egypt, according to a YouTube message posted Sunday.|||An Islamic State spokesman, who went by the name al-Masri, described his followers in a video posted on the group's social media site as the "zaminds of Egypt, the great nation," and the country's new leader, known as "Nawawi," as the "Heroes of America." The statement claims that the group will welcome Arabs into Egypt and is still giving security forces orders. It offered fighters "to earn their faith and glory." It quoted an unidentified men who identified themselves as both Muslim Brotherhood and Egyptian military personnel. The statement, posted online with a link to an article of Iraqi origin, asks Muslims to "join his new organization," the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), to submit to the terms of their work and pledge allegiance to the leader. The message says ISIS is trying to create relations with its supporters in Egypt by cooperating with the government and "both are staying true to our shared interests." It says ISIS is now established in North Sinai, and the decision is being made by the Egyptian government, Islamic State and the U.N. Security Council. Libya's military, in turn, has declared the areas affected by ISIS "occupied territory" and sending human rights groups there. The group is fighting a number of extremists across the Sinai Peninsula, including in Egypt. In the video, two men in the crowd speak to the camera and say that an Egyptian professor described their country as an "enemy of Islam." The message then says "the Egyptian people" are paying for that "enormous expense." "The rest of the country has no money," the video says. "The entire population has no money." It adds that they are paying fines to the Egyptian government "because of the large amount of Western money they have spent on terrorism," before finally asking how it might have stopped such activity. The report says a ruling from the country's Supreme Administrative Court found that members of the Islamic Brotherhood were paid by "the government of Egypt to carry out terrorist activities." That decision said the Islamic Union government is "Ibn Sharif," or the Muslim Brotherhood, was "responsible for the establishment of the real threat." The organization has threatened to attack Egypt and Somalia.
The military's equivalent of the Supreme Court overturned the conviction Wednesday of a Marine found guilty of murdering a civilian during the Iraq war, saying he was interrogated after asking for a lawyer.|||A unanimous United States Supreme Court ruling Thursday means the trial of 31-year-old navy corporal Crescent Sidi Mohsin was at least effectively over. A jury found Mohsin guilty in June. But the high court agreed that the FBI had not properly observed some crucial details of the interrogation, including his later confession that he was fired at five gunpoint by a Marine commando who held him hostage. That key evidence under the statute of limitations prevents the prosecution from releasing the alleged evidence. The Marine colonel's previous lawyer, John Mitchell, said the expert who examined evidence at the trial will not be named because of security concerns. "I will challenge the improper treatment of this individual in the witness box," Mitchell said in a written statement. The Iraq-born Mohsin, who was born in Chicago, was hailed as a martyr as he led a group of about 150 U.S. soldiers and civilians to a largely civilian neighborhood where he was killed in November 2006. The suspect's lawyer, Hanna Hadi Hadi, said she is still reviewing the Supreme Court decision but believes the decision is the right decision.
(CNN) -- The Okavango Delta is one of earth's remote places; it is not easy to get to, and it is quite wild. Independent travel there is not for the inexperienced or the faint-hearted.|||The proposal for OMSD to be in the United States was received quite well, especially by outgoing tourists who might never consider the project. They finally got access to the permit they needed in June and had an opportunity to spend a week or so there. The return journey back took two days. Two trucks -- both carrying food for hundreds of migrants -- made that long journey. The odyssey continued as the visitors traveled. By the time they set foot in OMSD, they found a seed farm where they started growing local grown fruit. Even after the failure of the export market for their plants, they are in desperate need of one last push for production and sustainability. OMSD is serious about sustainability. They have grown sugarcane, bananas, papaya, and avocado and there are plans to establish a coffee farm, a coffee house and a fruit orchards. Although two years ago, one resident opened a coffee farm. Growing, harvesting and producing bread and other products from his farm would be a great way to alleviate poverty. If you can afford it, visit the OMSD to experience this unique land for yourself.
(CNN) -- Some headlines are hailing her as the bravest woman in Mexico. Marisol Valles Garcia, all of 20 years old, says she's just tired of everyone being afraid.|||If you thought the president's tough words were true, welcome to Mexico. We welcome you, but not everyone is taking them in our stride, and it is part of the original welcome we have issued to illegal immigrants, not just us. This begins with Mexicans coming from all over the world through Mexico City's international airport on Monday, the second in as many days, wounding 25 people and wounding 10. More than 25 helicopters of the military descended on the airport Tuesday morning, and terrified Mexicans take cover. The terrified security personnel fired in by the helicopters allowed the men inside to get away. Among the 29 foreigners detained, 11 are Israeli citizens. Foureen of them have been sent to Israeli prisons, including an Israeli national. The surveillance cameras will also send their results to Israel's Ministry of Justice, said police spokesman Richard Berens. For this situation to be worse, police are hosing down the streets with dust. And in seven buildings, they are removing suspects from areas where it is often unsafe to enter. A dozen men have taken shelter inside three different buildings. A fifth man jumped out, causing minor injuries to his face. "There is a minor, no, we made a minor, he has multiple fractures, he needs them," says Deputy Chief Lupe Mendoza, the department's culture secretary, told CNN. According to Mendoza, the new incidents are being investigated as a possible act of terrorism. Mexico is under an international security umbrella that has drawn criticism for the government's crackdown on violent groups and militias. Marisol Valles Garcia, all of 20 years old, says she's just tired of everyone being afraid. She thinks she may have done something good, she says. She would never do anything herself, she said. "I would never let the others do anything to me, ever." CNN's Paul Fey, Diego Maria Videla, Maria Maria Morales and Alejandro Ruiz contributed to this report.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant experienced full meltdowns at three reactors in the wake of an earthquake and tsunami in March, the country's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters said Monday.|||The first test was made on a plant's water cooling system, which resulted in a partial melt-down, a spokesman for Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said Monday. Reports from outside the plant said the meltdown might be a temporary act. The accident first erupted amid a March 11 earthquake and tsunami that killed more than 20,000 people. A second earthquake killed more than 160 people in Japan, the second largest U.S. city, on March 11 and set off a tsunami earlier that day. The tsunami was magnitude 3.0, followed by a third and fourth magnitude temblors in that day. The first three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant, in northeastern Japan, are offline pending inspections from the Environment Ministry, the spokesman said. The 10 reactors at a site hit by the massive March 11 earthquake and tsunami were partially damaged by flash floods, reports said. The plant has been shut since then but Russia and Kazakhstan have done nothing yet to prevent any possible disaster, he added. Investigations are being taken into the incident, the agency said. Russian nuclear fuel has repeatedly been fired in the past because of the plant's situation, after it was damaged by a fire in 2008. There have been no serious accidents at the plant since June 2010.
(CNN) -- This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa.|||The long-time leader of Bahrain province seeks to support the kingdom's growth. "This is what you want to see," he said. He took over the reins of the stockplan announced by King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa in December 2013, two months after the founding of the kingdom. He moved quickly to strengthen the King's hand, and eventually formed a general assembly of key regional leaders to form a wider consensus to approve the plans. The plan aimed to use Bahrain's vast financial resources to help promote economic growth and diversify its economy away from petroleum. He also saw business and investment expand within the kingdom's financial sector, which had seen a sharp drop in the value of the oil price over the past few years. "As [King] Hamad transformed the markets in the Kingdom...He created special economic zones, closed major banks, split the banks into separate regions," he said. "We received huge public and private investment; Chinese investment totaled $1.1 billion, and around $33 billion of private investment -- Saudi, UK and investors from Saudi Arabia." The plan also aims to break the deadlock between the shareholders of the country's largest companies. "From 2010 to 2013, the State aims to gain an additional one to two percent of shareholders from privatizations and M&A deals," he said. "That will mean that we almost double the number of shareholders from the last 10 years." Under the plan, capital investment would account for 62 percent of the total value. This will allow the government to control the value of state assets through a combination of output, wages and electricity generation. Oil revenue would have to be 54 percent, and renewable energy the remaining 20 percent. The plan will also seek to attract private investors, increasing the value of state assets with a view to capitalising on growth opportunities in corporate income. Meanwhile, he is planning to accelerate investments by tackling the country's most important health issue, climate change, and establishing a lush vegetation area. According to his plan, the government would continue to use traditional industries, local authorities, and the Kingdom's state ministries to control the growth of the Kingdom's economy. Investment of government assets would determine the majority of the government's new wealth. The Kingdom now owns a cross-section of stocks, including that in Italian agrofertilizer Proteas. It bought Italian utility Grid Milan, for 20 percent of its eventual value, in 2008 and was named the largest oil producer in the Middle East. As it had many large investors in Iraq at the time, Bahrain also has a major Chinese investor in Agriculture Minister Emir Jalal bin Hamad al-Khalifa. Earlier this year, he announced the plan to invest in Africa, where the Kingdom boosted trade and investment. Al Khalifa is also overseeing an 18 percent autonomous trade body and will be the new chief executive of Fast Travel, the company that is leading the UK's overall privatisation drive. Abdel Aziz Bayoush and Subhi Al Thani, former deputy directors of the state corporation, presented him with the vice presidential chairmanship. CNN's Jim Amatuer contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Traffic was halted briefly Friday afternoon on the Bay Bridge -- between San Francisco and Oakland -- due to what the California Highway Patrol described as "police activity."|||Traffic was halted by police for more than a half hour before it was shut again, CHP said. A tangled cable fell onto the bridge and derailed. Chase the driver of the car traveling 100 mph -- California state patrol said the man took off to the north and was shot in a crossfire after the police officer mistook the man for a member of the media following protests on the Northern California streets of San Francisco. Two people were struck and killed in Chicago, police said. The bridge was reopened about 2:40 p.m. on the Little Creek Bridge, CHP said. The driver was freed from the car after officers "engaged in controlled discharges," CHP Officer Mark Kelly told CNN. The agency had not determined whether it was related to the shooting or any other issues the bridge was undergoing at the time. Kelly didn't return a call for comment. A stretch of the bridge remains closed Friday. CNN's Jordan Cushman contributed to this report.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistani armed forces have killed 80 militants since launching an assault on a region recently held by the Taliban, the military announced Sunday.|||But recently, the Pakistani government claimed at least four weeks were spent unsuccessfully in the area where the militants launched their attack. In April, 28 tribal gunmen, including a high-profile Taliban commander, were killed and one killed in the area. Police officer Jawan Bokhari later was shot dead by a roadside bullet, according to the Pakistan army. According to military spokesman Maj. Gen. Asif Ghafoor, the militants are based in neighboring North Waziristan and had two blood sisters in the capital, Peshawar. A total of 108 militants were killed by government forces during the operation, he said, adding that an additional 60 militants had been killed since Thursday. In August, Pakistan launched a military operation against the militants' terrorist organization, the Taliban. Of those killed, seven were militants based in Pakistan, the army said. The force had added that there are 35 militants based in the city who have belonged to NATO troops and others who joined the network to carry out attacks in Afghanistan. Pakistani forces also killed several militants and took a few Pakistani policemen as captives.
Las Vegas, Nevada (CNN) -- It's not just t-t-t-telephones for Lady Gaga.|||The nickname for Gaga is Bionic One. "We thought it was very cool to have Lady Gaga design it," Carlos Gerardo of Las Vegas' Circus Circus Resort and Casino told CNN. "She won most hearts in a movie." Liz Hannah is the designer behind the piece that costs an estimated $150,000. However, it didn't come from a company or a site such as the one that is making the film. It came from the heart of Gaga's business when she got the idea to make it, Gerardo said. The new spinoff, the Bionic One, launches Tuesday and is expected to draw other celebrities and acts. Olivia Wilde is up for the challenge and St. Tropez star Tom Doherty has been asked if he would be on the set. People can also call Gaga's cellphone to go to collections and get information about events related to the jewelry and to get advice on how to make it work for you and your family. She said the Bionic One would have to be customized -- just like her journey to fame.
Beijing, China (CNN)  -- President Obama intends to meet the Dalai Lama even though China has warned that such a meeting would harm bilateral ties, a White House spokesman said Tuesday.|||A blunt statement from the White House came just hours before Taiwan's Foreign Ministry released a statement welcoming the visit. On the basis of "state policy," and on a guided line, the new policy toward the Dalai Lama would have the United States deeply involved, said Lee Zeldin, spokesman for U.S. President Barack Obama. The meeting will be followed by a meeting with the Dalai Lama, "in a way that does not damage nor threaten the ties of both countries," Zeldin said. Tibetan authorities have called for regular meetings between Obama and the Dalai Lama. The announcement comes on the heels of an epic and bitter confrontation between U.S. and U.N. Security Council-mandated monitors who went into Tibet over the end of the country's civil war with the communist government. The Dalai Lama is considered a breakaway from Tibetan Communist Party and has been declared a "strategic asset" by the Chinese government. Last week, when the official Communist Party of China announced a report on the U.N. censure of Tibet, the Dalai Lama made it clear he still had hopes for a resumption of direct talks with the United States. Tsailu Tshissel -- the country's leader and Nobel Peace Prize laureate -- is said to have ordered the media house in exile in New York to move out of the country for fear of provoking China, when its border guards fired at the Chinese delegation last month. Relations have been strained since the standoff in August. More than three years ago, Beijing imposed a travel ban on two top officials of the Dalai Lama's party for seeking a meeting with Obama. Both positions have been officially dropped by the United States. As for the safety issue at Beijing's request, the State Department noted that there had been "no record of any flight accident to the vicinity of the Chinese Embassy in Washington within the past year." In 2009, the Dalai Lama was seen in the U.S. with a camera crew filming as Beijing tried to persuade Obama to end the travel ban. Obama visited the communist country in 1996, when he was still in the prime of his career.
(CNN) -- With a parade of performers already canceling appearances at SeaWorld, now at least one school class says it's dropping a long-scheduled trip to the park over concerns about the treatment of whales as shown in the documentary "Blackfish."|||School to name one of a handful of schools that have turned off classes at SeaWorld this year. The San Diego Unified School District posted a note on its district website this week saying the school is cutting back on its class's trip. "If they had us drop out, it would be like the "Blackfish" massacre," it said. SeaWorld said this week it was sorry to the school district and the school district had reached out to them about canceling the trip.
(CNN) -- Somewhere out there, a lucky person -- or two -- may be walking around with a ticket to easy street in his or her pocket, purse or sock drawer.|||His fell victim to a $25,000 printer in an earlier case, setting off a legal limbo that led to Tuesday's surprise federal court execution of search warrants, but earned a reprieve for attorneys for defendant Ivy Valle, who is auctioning off her man's ticket in cash and proceeds from the sale of the T-shirt she was holding. The ticket was one of many in the operation, which involved police in several countries conducting a sting operation. The T-shirt was a second T-shirt stolen from a David Crowther's album. "The Lost Trouble" is the third entry in the musical trilogy of the contest. In the first two entries, the person involved was paid and it was moved from one county to another, gaining a retail value of $37,000. By 2006, customs authorities had seized several thousand more of the T-shirts. The result of the search is estimated to have resulted in the seizure of hundreds of thousands of tickets for less than one of every 100 U.S. households. The U.S. State Department, looking to meet with defense attorneys before another trial, opened an investigation Monday into possible ties between the technology used to buy the toys and yet-to-be-identified, counterfeit T-shirts and shoes. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department and the FBI do not believe the jackets were left unclaimed. One of them, under the name Anthony Blumardi, claims that he purchased a coat the Japanese police said contained contaminated materials and transport those into the United States. When the police accused him of producing evidence supporting a theory that Syrian insurgents were behind the explosion, Blumardi said he was attacked with assault weapons, seized $2,000 in cash and blood, then returned to Japan to carry it back to the United States. The papers he received to get the T-shirts are stamped with "Pledge of Allegiance," according to the Washington Post. Blumardi, of the U.S. District Attorney's Office in Los Angeles, said American players "become prejudiced to one another because of an America-based perception of it as being an unfair advantage." Last year, an attempt by a Japan-based boutique to buy cosmetics from customs officials failed when the security check was launched. Shortly after that, customs officials discovered the suspicious items in a passport search. Those belonging to some of the travelers were arrested for shoplifting. But police say the Thirteen Has Fallen incident also points to other possible fraud perils. U.S. District Judge Genece Davis ordered the Department of Justice to investigate T-shirt selling and seize the rest of the materials. "The transaction resulted in $25,000 in illegal activity and cost the United States $10 million to fund the Defense Department investigation," the decision says. "At the same time, an alleged thief may have taken the passports of 19 Americans at a time when hundreds of thousands around the world are suffering as a result of a devastating terrorist attack," the decision says. That aid is worth millions of dollars, he said. The $25,000 ticket will be scanned and will have to be entered into a public lottery, whose website lists "some things we don't want to do." The winning winner, said Blumardi, will win a T-shirt and travel with a group of travelers for as little as $35.
Around this time each year, as I prepare for Mobile World Congress, I anticipate the flood of new and exciting innovations that will be announced, the inspiring people I'll be meeting and the general buzz around mobile on a global scale. I also hope that I will see more women in attendance at the show.|||U: When you think of mobile, there isn't a better time to be a female than now. Why? It has always been a topic of intense discussion on journalists' pages at tech publications, and I am no different. For now, I want to talk about some of the bigger issues of the day with the malaise of women in technology, like the struggle against the military, the complex social issues facing families and the struggle to make healthy choices. How will you continue to keep strong relationships with the families you cherish, when there is so much at stake? For example, there have been many opportunities to provide them with the tools to improve their children's lives and families throughout their lives. I want to showcase the conferences that are making mobile life more accessible to all women in this country and around the world. I'm looking forward to going to the show in Las Vegas in February and meeting great people. Sometimes I'm surprised that more women are networking at tech conferences than with families or business events. I like working with young women so that I can challenge myself, along with my peers, to expand my knowledge, personally and professionally. I want people to feel empowered to join the conversation and also support the other members of their respective communities. Good ones. Can you give me one example to help get me started? Send us your suggestions. I would like to see this list of possible topics, which might include how women in technology can be useful or desirable to see or discuss. I also hope that I will see more women in attendance at the show. What other opportunities do you have that a man or other men might not see? Please let me know in the comments section. "Thank you," I wrote.
As President Barack Obama channels his inner salesman to pitch military action in Syria, he shouldn't be surprised when he finds a number of congressional doors already closed.|||The Senate has yet to pass a resolution to support U.S. action in Syria. The resolution, circulated on July 17 by Barack Obama's National Security Council, threatens airstrikes and would go directly to Congress to challenge what the administration sees as regime abuses in Syria. In this respect, it is not surprising that the politics of the issue has been stalled. The legislation was overwhelmingly in favor by the House, but the veto by the Senate has forced Obama to turn the measure to a second vote. It isn't clear what effect a second vote will have. At the same time, it remains unclear exactly what kind of response the president will get from Congress. The announcement of a vote against U.S. military action in Syria will send a different message to those who oppose U.S. intervention. In one "hot button" issue, the president's spokesman put it bluntly: that it is up to Congress to decide how much military action is needed in Syria, not the president. Opinion: U.S. administration should be able to make informed decisions. However, especially given the swift response by Syria of Obama's first days in office, lawmakers have not appeared likely to use their leverage, nor is it clear that the White House has them in a position to vote. It is unclear how many "yes" votes were in the resolution, but there is no Democratic majority in the Senate. House Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has tried to persuade the House to relent by attacking the resolution, and one Republican -- notably Rep. Rick Allen of Michigan -- is prepared to filibuster the measure on his chamber's floor. This could see a vote in the House happen Thursday, and "Yes" is a "No" in the Senate, according to two senior GOP figures. Whether a Congressional defeat is needed depends on whether the votes are enough to unseat the president. But if the White House should again raise the issue of Syria in the lame-duck session, it won't be because of strong votes in Congress. A "yes" would mean a resounding rejection by the president, and that would indicate Obama does not have a majority in the Senate, according to two senior Republican leaders. The resolution has been twice rejected by Obama in the past. However, President Clinton brought up and won a unanimous yes vote. The first, passed by the House of Representatives, is supported by both President Obama and Obama's vice presidential candidate, Michael Raskin. The second is supported by every Republican senator who has run for office. Sens. John McCain of Arizona, and Maria Cantwell of Washington. They opposed the resolution, and so did House leadership and the Obama administration.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A court in Hong Kong has ruled that a British banker charged with the grisly murder of two Indonesian women is psychologically fit to enter a plea on both counts.|||..-Malaysia-Jordan Abraham is believed to have hired the Indonesian women after they complained of harassment and bullying by men in a Sydney suburb. Women pictured entering a brothel after their October 2009 encounter. Bahrain: A group of men kicked the women's bodies from Indonesia's Vindikarapura apartment complex in November and forced them to leave. Evidence also included a dozen bloodstains. Indonesian police divers were sent out to assist in the search and disposal of the bodies. The women were beaten severely after leaving home and in the evening two men pointed out their bodies to the Indonesian women, who, injured, were last seen heading home to their apartment building, which was at least two floors below where the bodies were found. Bahrudin Sharafyuddin, 27, was arrested in June this year in Jekufa, Indonesia, and has been charged with killing the women. A judge ruled he had been psychologically unfit to enter a plea on both counts.  Watch what was said: Biru Maartan, 27. Prosecutors want Najmul Akhil Abdul Yassin (24) released from custody. Bahrudin, left, and Sulawesi murder suspect Bahrudin Maartan walk into a cafe in Gili Putra at 11:30 p.m. on May 2, 2010.
(WIred) -- Have you been wondering if that new 4G smartphone you purchased is really getting 4G speeds? Wonder no longer.|||Ok, you've had some time to think. About 5% of all mobile phones in the United States -- 79% of U.S. phones -- have even one 4G device that's getting them online. When you reach the side-of-the-bar app, for example, you should see a warning that it is "backfilling data." This problem is especially acute on handsets that use MP3 music. The fix? Get your hands on one of those handsets.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The United Nations has established more than a thousand health clinics across Pakistan in the wake of widespread flooding, a U.N. official said.|||Two suicide bombings during police raids in Karachi on Sunday left at least 11 people dead, others wounded, and one -- a suicide driver - detonated himself in broad daylight in the central city. He was from Parachinar district, a hotly contested provincial capital that is on the edge of an indigestion zone that's hosting a planned protest Friday, government officials said. The request came from Pakistan's Information Minister Nasir Ahmad Khan, who cited "the immense level of damages caused by severe natural calamities in the disaster in the province." Pakistan is a Southeast Asian nation, an index of climate change in the world. During similar floods in 1998, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi militants led by Zafar Hussain Zerrudi were responsible for more than 100 deaths and more than 600 injuries, including 25 people killed in the rape and murder of Razan Tomasheq. Pakistani security officials issued more than 1,000 health clinics in areas that were hit by flooding in May. Emergency forces and aid workers were also dispatched, officials said. Fasaad Hadiqa, a spokesman for the Federal Disaster Management Authority, said that Friday he expected water to reach $3 billion in Punjab province by the end of the year. He said dams, sub-dams and other important infrastructure had all been damaged by the rains. And, "a lot of people are poor," Fahad Hadiqa said. "If you can only pick up the smaller locales, it would be like taking care of a house three times." He said that the rise in population had also prompted authorities to establish protective measures. "Cats roam on the Canal, which is a main route for transporting bread among the villagers," he said. "Crops are now being moved on and the flooding has affected 2.5 million acres of farmland." The swollen farmlands provide a perfect target for textile companies in nearby areas. Hospitals and schools are also assisting in providing emergency assistance, he said. One activist said that some people have bought dangerous military boots, but they are unlikely to last long. The United Nations is providing blood-supply kits and providing additional rations and medical supplies to residents as needed, he said. Some Pakistanis were bringing in geese as a way to keep the moist weather from escaping into new areas. "What we have in our shoulders is helping to keep our people a bit more stable," he said. "Since the beginning of May, we have been coming up with different ideas. We are planting watermelons, we have started putting wheat crop, we have used watermelons," he said. "And over time, we expect to be moving water."
(Mashable.com) -- You can't block CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook.|||Facebook is introducing a web page that's basically a resume for Zuckerberg. She's already used to doing stuff like "mark my perusal posts" and "constructives replies" that Facebook would not do on its own. In the new page you can search for posts written by Zuckerberg. To access the page, it takes two minutes with the internet browser, one minute after you log on to Facebook. Please, use caution before seeking out a page hosted on Facebook.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Students at a university in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou were given a scare last week, after dozens of snakes invaded the campus.|||Pythreosmurs and mud-caked deer were just a few of the rare sight the snakes brought across the university campus in Guangzhou on Friday, the China Daily reported. The professor of political science, Wayne J. Guo, said he's been around snake attacks for years, and had never personally encountered one in person.  Watch engineers combat a python » Fox News' Jay Jackson reports from China. The remains of the snakes were discovered by a worker at the Sanjiang Electric Electric Power Co., part of the Guangzhou Electric Power Co. County Government. The utility company worker told the Daily that crews, including the team's anti-snake specialist, inspected the area for "human potential and caused minimal incident," the newspaper reported. According to the Guangzhou Daily, the university was evacuated three days later after what authorities described as a "large bear-type snake." "A snake became a very large monster and stood on a single bench up to its head," Guo said. About 15 of those snakes attacked the university on Friday, the city's state-run China Daily reported. The university has generally seen nuisance disease from deer on its campus, but Guo said officials had apparently been prepared for snake attacks. "I guess we underestimated how much snake is here (in China)," he said. "It's not unusual -- 60% to 70% of all the snake deaths in China are from deer." The first report of the snake attacks came late Thursday, the newspaper said. A few of the snakes were the result of November storms. Large storms had caused mice and other diseases in the past. Once, in 2008, tons of deer attacked two small children at a small village in southern China. The two died of snake bites. That incident set off a chain reaction that resulted in the outbreak of diseases that are naturally spread by deer and mountain lions. In 2009, animal-lover sufferers were turned away after consuming a portion of contaminated water at a Chinese town -- not far from where the earthquake and tsunami hit Beijing. That was the equivalent of the nuclear fallout from the 2010 "Phoenix" earthquake in Phoenix, Arizona.
Rome (CNN) -- The Vatican sought Saturday to tamp down rumors involving sex, money and gay priests that have been swirling in the Italian media and have been linked by some to Pope Benedict XVI's decision to resign.|||Popeans expressed confidence in Francis' stability as pope and the assurances that his eventual successor, Pope John Paul II, would seek strong guidance from bishops in a difficult meeting with the Vatican Saturday evening. "Vatican officials have indicated that they will stay focused on healing and ensuring good relations between bishops in any administrative functions," Roberto Zenici, Archbishop of Nice and Fracoste in Austria, said in a statement. "We do this without discounting the pastoral concerns and actions taken in the interior of this age of challenge. The Roman Congregation for the Life of the Family will be within our jurisdiction to lead the great institution for all religious orders within a unified, united and decent world." Gianni Zugnozzolo, president of the Pontifical Council for the Family, said a "remarkable minority" among American bishops are denying that the Papal election was held as secret so that the Pope could request more time to search for a successor. "All clerical orders from diocesan offices have long been aware of rumors that, even in the Confession of Faith before the conclave, the Pope did not find a suitable candidate," he said. "In the last two decades, there has been such a minority of the clergy in the entire Church, and the number of their sexual relations has been growing." Zugnozzolo added that the comment by the head of the Vatican, Cardinal Josefina Pena, was positive in that it proved "that no one has prevented the pope from blessing or acting with regard to possible rivals." No word yet from the Vatican on how long since the "ordinary course" of the Latin-style conclave has been held. News of any relationship between Catholic bishops and priests -- the word it's normally used to refer to priests who minister at a Catholic basilica -- has been circulating in Europe for weeks, and the Vatican certainly doesn't want to speak on the record. "I stand by the position which I've written here today and with the full support of the prelate and the central leadership of the Roman Congregation for the Life of the Family, which understand the pastoral duties entrusted to them by the Pontifical Council for the Life of the Family. I believe that if the pope is not able to carry out these duties he can explain why to the cardinal minister responsible, but if he insists on going out of the way, he will find a potential successor, which he does. "This pope is not complicit in that." The Pope was elected in 2005, and he is thought to have great influence on the pastoral hierarchy of the Catholic Church. He also serves as its supreme administrator for religion in Europe, carrying out the pope's pontificate of six months and overseeing the duties of 90 bishops. Calls for sex with priests have long been a widespread problem in the church, and it took a huge blow after the scandal at St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. In 2009, the Vatican announced a $1.1 billion amnesty for sexually abusive priests that would be implemented by the Italian government for two years. "Here at the Vatican, it is our desire to prevent a culture of sexual violence in the church. For those who have been sexually abused, to find alternatives to abusive celibacy." Such a practice can include either attending the Catholic University, which would surely set a dangerous precedent, or teaching a course of celibacy if accepted by others in the Catholic Church. "We reject any suggestion that there is anyone who has been taught that sexual acts between priests and children has been allowed," Zenzi said. "We would never use those words." The case over the eugenic treatment of priests and their relationships to other Catholics is important because provinces don't operate in a "silent order," Zenzi said, and "the subject must be heard by the pope and transmitted to other provinces via other clergy."
(CNN)  -- What do they have to be ashamed of?|||Immigrant Ban, the newly unveiled plan to include both law and regulations to stem racial and illegal immigration, was a radical effort to "show the world the honesty of the American people," according to CNN's Tim McMahon. "This issue goes way beyond immigration because it reveals this country's extreme politics, not its supposed ideals," said Alejandro Torres, founder of IDSEAD. Advocacy groups are pushing the Mexican government to provide a nationwide immigration service within a year. The refugees are billed as having the potential to make the country "habitable again," but Arizona has been holding them in more and more internment centers in what's been called the "Camp Lot-Negro" in Buchanan County. Many say they need to go back to their native country of origin, even if they feel that it's more comfortable to mix with other groups of people who are coming here from the same country. The camp is to house people who are within reason because they have been sent here for illegal work. In 1989, it allowed roughly 10,000 African immigrants living in the U.S. illegally, mostly to Canada, to qualify for asylum. This came after former Rep. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, introduced legislation that would prohibit detention for illegal immigrants in the future. The law was later repealed. The move from the House Appropriations Committee to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security prompted public outcry. Many residents in the camp camp mingled with the law enforcement. According to an Associated Press report, some came in to assist their relatives, while others remained with children in the camp for up to seven months. The Manchin Institute, a small organization from Sacramento, California, recognized the threat posed by illegal immigration and launched a legal campaign this month, after claiming that immigration officials were questioning undocumented workers' legal status. The organization aimed to persuade U.S. authorities and the immigration courts that it was not violating the law to shield illegal workers. The FBI said it will spend at least $88 million to create a comprehensive immigration control program, said Bob Kalfner, the director of the Criminal Justice Legislative Services Office. Kalfner said that police need to learn how and where to respond to immigrant encounters when they don't present proper reasons. "They're afraid, not for the truth, but for their own situation to exist on the streets," Kalfner said. "All you see is the desire to appear both interracial and inter-racial." Since the 1980s, Kalfner said, at least 40,000 Chinese immigrants have fled from Northern Ireland to the United States each year. Kelly Greene, a 62-year-old grandmother in Arizona, points out the misperception and racism faced by many of her neighbors. Greene is from Tampico, Texas, a suburb of San Antonio and voted in this year's National Geographic 100 Best Living Places. "There's a lot of discrimination that's going on in our community, and people live in fear of trying to be held accountable for their crime," she says. Among Greene's peers in Texas, there are some who aren't as fortunate. A community of elderly Chinese immigrants, some of whom are actually refugees, has had to deal with racism, she said. "They live in fear and every time it gets to that point, they feel like they don't belong," Greene said. "I'm not shocked by that. I've heard others have been shot, beaten, killed, robbed just because of their skin color." In 2001, U.S. immigration officials convicted a California man of shoplifting. The next year, in a high-profile dispute between federal officials and activists, a woman was shot dead in New York.
A hearing on the finances of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will be held Thursday in connection with a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of the man he is accused of killing, according to court documents.|||A hearing on the motion's status will take place on Thursday, followed by a pre-trial conference and closing argument, the Massachusetts Court of Common Pleas said in court filings. Attorneys for the Locketts said that they have been in contact with the Locketts' lawyer, Cristina Mccarthy, since Hernandez signed off on the filings. "We've done the best we could to resolve the litigation, and we have also worked out an agreement to bring the case before an interlocutory appellate court in the United States," Mccarthy said. "And it's a process that obviously the judge would prefer to see finished, but obviously one that I'm confident we will get through fairly soon and fairly fair." The Locketts are seeking more than $2.5 million in damages but did not specify where they're getting the money, they said. Their lawyer, Ted Bortolazzi, declined to comment on the hearing request Wednesday. They've said previously that the proposed payout is provided by a group of individuals and businesses, including Fort Sturbridge State Bank, Susan's Bank, the Cheshire Bank and the Worcester County Bank, as well as their law firm, Barclay, Grency & Hobbins, an attorney who will join Locketts on the litigation, the papers said. Browder & Hynes, a Dallas-based law firm, has also been previously named as a defendant in the case, according to the court papers. Gia Knight's brother, Gregory Knight, told CNN affiliate KXTV that they had long considered the Locketts' request as "reasonable and reasonable" after Hernandez's most recent prison release under a favorable trial terms. Gerard Knight said that "we are still hoping for more, because we continue to hear that Alex Locketts is innocent," according to a statement from the firm. Friends of Georgia Knight said that details on the case have not been released, but that the family is willing to discuss it in "good faith." Kelly Battle told the station's "Afternoon Drive" that a protective order in Gonzalez's case has been denied to Locketts' attorneys because of the cases involving him and Hernandez, he said. Angela Krebs, Locketts' director of communications, would not discuss the case with reporters, according to the same court documents. Defense attorney Amy Coford told the station that the case is being handled by Browder & Hynes. A representative for Boston County Chief Deputy District Attorney Robert Neal, who declined to comment to KXTV, said that he did not know what charges would be filed against Locketts. A spokesman for the Middlesex County district attorney's office could not be reached for comment.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Ida moved into the southern Gulf of Mexico Sunday, prompting a declaration of emergency in Louisiana and concern along the U.S. Gulf Coast.|||"As soon as these conditions come into effect, we will be using that ability to advance," said Tom Sharpe, a senior emergency management official for Louisiana. "I believe many factors will be considered at a later time, such as the current strength of the storm, the river and the destructive winds." If Ike makes landfall, it could pose a threat to communities and infrastructure, because the hurricane-force winds with winds reach up to 156 miles per hour, Sharpe said. "So those communities that have seen heavy rainfall and have a history of significant storm-related flooding, they need to be ready for a landfall with a hurricane. Anything that would be ripping up large areas of land, in fast-moving water, that could be a major factor in tornadoes, as well as stronger thunderstorms with the possibility of tornadoes." President Barack Obama approved a voluntary evacuation order for the Gulf Coast following a hurricane warning issued for some people living on the western and southwestern tip of Louisiana. But the mandatory evacuation also applied to Sand Island, Kossuth County, as well as Zayre Island and Johnston Island, according to the coast guard. Governors of Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and Kentucky all declared state of emergency, and disaster-relief teams from New Jersey to North Dakota evacuated residents from the hurricane-affected waters in those states. CNN's Tommy Crump, Jennifer Halas and Rachel Weiner contributed to this report. CNN's Kimberly Nelson and Julie Hardin contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- While he fell short of bluntly saying, "I told you so," Alexei Miller, arguably Russia's most powerful energy executive, warned the West that it may not be able to count on Mideast and North African energy supplies as it once did.|||Alexander Miller, the head of Russia's Federal Service for Energy and Industry, declared that Iran has lost its energy sources. He called on "Russia, Iran and the West to stop pretending that the region should continue a stable and constructive relationship." The remarks are the latest signs that rising tensions could hamper Russia's international standing. The nuclear deal that Washington signed with Iran in January has damaged the relationship and Russia has been pulling back on development of major oil fields in North and South America, according to a report this week by the Russian Council on Foreign Relations. Miller told reporters this week in Moscow: "Russia's energy needs have to increase. We have no choice." Earlier this month, a Russian energy analyst, Alexei Mukhaverdi, warned that Russia's needs for natural gas will become "short shrift," one of a number of ramifications from Russia's much-criticized policy shift on North African oil. Miller added that, in a bid to meet Western energy demand, Moscow was looking at drilling drills in the northeastern U.S., in the Gulf of Guinea and in the West Asian country of Georgia. "Some of the major oil companies are interested in working with us," he said. "Russia has conducted the first offshore oil exploration in the eastern part of the United States, looking at what happens there. In another case, there's testing of exploration and development in the North Sea. "All of the first tests have come and gone, and I'm not seeing any further exploration," Miller said. "We have made other decisions but now I want to personally apologize." Miller spoke at the American energy conference in Amman, Jordan, on Thursday.
(CNN) -- An 11-year-old boy has been detained by Bahraini authorities for nearly a month for allegedly participating in an "illegal gathering" and for burning tires, an arrest that human rights groups say comes amid the country's continued crackdown on anti-government protesters.|||The young man was arrested Tuesday night near the government-set green camp where pro-democracy protesters are holding a sit-in in central Manama, and brought to the Dubai border, where his family says he was put under house arrest. "He appeared to be trying to make his way from one of the tents into the other tent and was stopped," Anas Muslim, spokesman for Bahraini human rights group Human Rights Watch, told CNN by telephone from the Gulf nation Wednesday. The boy, who had been home from school, was taken into custody in a private compound at 8:15 a.m. ET, Mohammed Arif, spokeswoman for Human Rights Watch Bahrain, said. "This child was interviewed by the police about 2 a.m. and the arrest was carried out through a variety of methods," Arif said. This is a first case of an anti-government protester detained. According to the United Nations, more than 400 people have been detained in the past six months, after a campaign of peaceful protest that has included the clashes between Shiite and Sunni demonstrators and attacks by security forces. Anti-government protesters have also been beaten and injured by police, Khalid Saleh, the head of the opposition Joint Campaign Against Human Rights, said. Human Rights Watch has tracked two cases of brutality, related to the 10 activists held in custody in the last month, Rihana Al Raghi of Human Rights Watch said. Human Rights Watch reported that several detainees have been killed in the past, including two who died of injuries, alleged disappearances and deaths in custody. Raghhi said none of those cases had been reported by the Ministry of Interior. Amnesty International said there were no reports of any human rights violations related to the detainees, including nine public figures, members of parliament, local government officials or citizens. Human Rights Watch has also found bodies of 14 people, six of whom are believed to be politically or religious dissidents, according to Raghu Maalouf, a foreign rights activist who was in Bahrain on the day. The detainees also underwent medical tests, he said. One of those cases, an 11-year-old boy who was in the custody of the military police on January 7, remains under house arrest. The boy's parents, Jawad al-Adul and Saher al-Adul, were in Iraq for work related to U.N. missions and have not been seen in Bahrain, said Gen. Samir Al Rami, spokesman for the U.N. International Department for Human Rights, said. CNN's Ahmed al-Semebi contributed to this report.
(CNN)A year after a massive coal ash spill into a North Carolina river, Duke Energy said Friday it would pay $102 million in a proposed settlement of nine criminal charges filed against the company by the U.S. government.|||The deal would have affected Duke's coal ash ponds at its closed Cary, North Carolina, power plant, foreclosed by heavy winds. "They were water-logged and heavy with the waste of nearly 30 million tons of coal," Mr. Herbert Brockinger, a federal prosecutor in Woking, North Carolina, said Friday. "When you're holding 60 million tons of contaminated material, you're a little bit careless. When you're handling the water-logged facility, it causes a great deal of damage to the environment." Duke recently announced it will hire a task force to review the coal ash pond's operations, and the agency has said it will use new ways to prevent any future spills. Duke announced Friday the deal with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and UNC was "the first step of a $2 billion remediation and licensing plan," releasing the documents. Both regions had previously raised concerns because of potential lead from ash ponds, and both cite potential damages from the impending settlement as well as cleanup costs. The agreement will satisfy certain terms and conditions of the EPA's seal order, inspectors in the cases said. They represent lower damages than Duke's operators from the worst of last year's spill. That spill was contained by a 320,000-gallon (134,000-liter) slurry release and near-invasible geology. The Virginia and North Carolina rivers are major sources of thermal coal ash pollution, which means that they could carry potentially dangerous levels of ash, rock salt and soil particles. In August, Reuters reported that Duke would pay $60 million to remove toxic coal ash from its Waking River power plant. Those details were not publicly disclosed. And state regulators last year announced that they were filing a new lawsuit against the company's nuclear power plant, the Coker Unit, for not cleaning up the leak, which totaled more than $2.6 billion from its tailings ponds and improper use. Duke said Thursday that the company was "very pleased" with the terms of the proposed settlement agreement with EPA. "We are focused on winning this case, on bringing these solutions that improve the quality of the environment, and on providing jobs for our employees and the communities we serve," said Duke Chairman and CEO Cary Seigenthaler. Reuters was not authorized to publicly report on the deal with EPA. Duke declined to comment.
Washington (CNN) -- The president's top counterterrorism adviser says there is indisputable evidence that dozens of terrorist groups have sought weapons of mass destruction. But a U.S. intelligence official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said although al Qaeda clearly wants a nuclear weapons capability, it hasn't gotten very far.|||Inteligants at United Nations headquarters in New York believe that they are not alone, and have seen evidence that Islamic terrorists are after nuclear weapons, despite overwhelming international efforts not to pursue them. U.S. intelligence officials also have reported that Pakistani security authorities have allowed rogue terrorist groups to acquire equipment to make long-range nuclear bombs. A variety of groups in the Middle East and Africa have designed systems they could later use. The U.S. military has been given multiple locations for strategic information-gathering, and insists that it is executing its mission as quickly as possible. Nhat Vaneighe, the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., put it even more bluntly in a speech Friday: "We're there because we're trained to work with terrorists in the way they fit in with our capabilities and the way we operate with them." Vaneighe said Arab terrorist leaders are beginning to try to establish stability through laws of war in countries they threaten. When the NNTE group attempted to acquire weaponry, he said, "we talked to them about trying to do it, but it didn't work out." Vaneighe said a number of other possible targets of the terrorist groups include Iraq, Libya and Israel. "We have evidence that it is only possible -- let's have a tremendous sense of proportion -- if everything is done correctly and the terrorists take the thing in the appropriate order and they put the capability into the right environment and they don't give it to the wrong people," he said. He said the United States has been very successful on this point. Vaneighe said that, while U.N. authorities have struggled to gain cooperation with the U.S. military's counter-terrorism efforts, it is clear that nations have often used "interference" against international efforts to do so. He said that with one exception, "every criminal is responsible for the sanction they've imposed." According to WND, according to officials in Sweden, Germany and France, a number of key terrorists have been in contact with the U.S. since the days of Osama bin Laden. At least 11 of the 19 hijackers tried to strike in the U.S., including eight American citizens. The chemical weapons attacks in January 2001 were carried out in response to attacks on a U.S. civilian airliner.
(CNN)In a rare reference to the sexual assault allegations against him, Bill Cosby told a woman attending his comedy show that, "you have to be careful about drinking around me."|||Bill Cosby last year spoke to reporters about accusations against him that included domestic violence. Speaking to reporters on a live-televised discussion of his upcoming CBS mid-term presidential debate, Cosby said "only the devil will say those words." When this event was taping for Fox news, a source told CNN that Cosby said he had insurance, "so maybe something's up?" But the show, scheduled for Friday night, was a sell-out for at least 800 people, reported CNN affiliate KGMB. The comedian was testifying about his exit from "The Cosby Show" when he was fired by NBC. His firing came less than three weeks after The New York Times reported that in 2005, Cosby had slapped a 20-year-old man's face while wearing a choke-hold. What the actor described as an "inappropriate" move by a 19-year-old man "left my face in some classic Shakespearean style at the time... I thought it was a very sexual act, an attack on him. There was also some complicity in it." Cosby's October 2014 altercation with a photographer in which he appeared to pin the phone at her back and demand "something I can't have" is what led to the comedian's pending dismissal, the U.K.'s Daily Mail reported. Cosby told the Washington Post that he gave the woman a pack of pin-heads to drink so that she would have "a slurred conversation." His bosses in New York were upset. The ABC report quoted one of Cosby's reps as saying that "everyone gets the wrong idea about who he has been involved with. He doesn't make 'buckets' the way the woman is." Cosby has denied abusing the woman. Her attorney, John Pasuloni, said that Cosby, 59, has a family name and will be missed. Cosby testified that he and the woman were in a consensual relationship. The Fox News report claimed that the actress, Christa Rutherford, took a sip from the movie "You Drove," the about-to-be-released comic's daughter, after the actress alleged that Cosby, 62, physically assaulted her.
(CNN) -- Might there be a Tyra Banks/Naomi Campbell situation this awards season?|||American actor Matthew McConaughey, who appears in "Beauty and the Beast," set off a bidding war when he was nominated for "Heavenly Father" for best actor for his performance in "It's Complicated." He was one of 14 actresses nominated for best picture. There was also a debate among critics over whether "Heavenly Father" actually got the best actress nomination, with some suggesting that it deserved the nod. On the flip side, NBC's "The Colbert Report" hosted Mashable with gender equality award host Harvey Weinstein on Tuesday night and asked: "How is it that "This Is the End of the F*cking War" can't be The Best Picture nominee for "The Americans"? The Weinstein brothers reportedly did the same, citing an uneven panel of nominees tilted to favor female stars. The president of the Academy also took swipes at the television writer as he edited the show for length.
(CNN) -- Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday, but it gave manager Jose Mourinho little hope that his side can win the title.|||Mour home dominance continued in the six-pointer, but Chelsea became the second side in a row to lose a match for the first time in 2009, when they had lost to Nanyang Tranmere Rangers 5-3. The Eagles surrendered a three-goal lead in the first half to Swansea as Samuel Eto'o's fine crossing led to a superb goal from nine yards which scored two others for the home side, but Victor Moses hit a post and Arsenal midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin denied Chelsea. "I scored from very close range and for a number of minutes it looked like we might be battling for a goal that would have counted but then I hacked the ball clear," Mourinho told Sky Sports. "It was phenomenal to get a goal and the situation was very clear from then on, especially, with the chance at the end when it looked like I scored from another four minutes. "But I think it's made it perfectly clear to the centre-forward and midfielders what can you do for the team if you are 1-0 down. "There was nothing today. The win in the first half is an absolute bonus as three points off second are vital. It was a very competitive game with fantastic quality from the opposition. "It was a fantastic start, the second half was lively. Watkins is very lively, young goalkeeper Henderson is a World Cup semifinalist, late goals from the way forward proved decisive. "Ashley Young now has a magnificent chance to be a Premier League winner. The 23-year-old can change the season. He is doing extremely well." Javier Hernandez has admitted he is now playing to his heart and not his body, and won't be joining Real Madrid in an attempt to win the Premier League with the Spanish side -- which would make for a dramatic run of results in the Champions League. "I think last season we were very special and won the league. This year I think we are a better team, we are in a better place." Dortmund's Nikola Kalinic scored against Chelsea to reclaim top spot from Manchester United, but that was his only goal of the match. Elsewhere, 10-man Milan stunned Huddersfield Town, but Moussa Diaby scored the winner as the Italian side traveled to England. The meeting between champions and champions felt intriguing, with Chelsea holding an uninspired 4-1 advantage at the break. But, in the final minutes, Everton beat Leeds United 3-0 and it's the disappointment of last season that stopped Pep Guardiola's side in its tracks. Jordan Henderson, who had been in impressive form for five matches, scored an early winner to end their five-game winless run at the expense of Jose Mourinho. Emile Heskey netted a free kick after Kolo Toure had taken a cruel kick in the face from Pepe Reina. "We have to find a way through to get something. Maybe it will be a place somewhere," the former Manchester United player told Sky Sports. Ex-Chelsea striker Carlos Tevez scored twice in Milan's win, while AC Milan's Roberto Soldado converted a penalty. "If we are thinking about the result, every game can be a gift" for Chelsea, said Mourinho. "We have to think about doing this every week. "It's up to us to decide if we are going to win the league in May, June or July, but we have tried our best every week." Arsene Wenger had previously backed to say if he and his side were unbeatable.
(CNN) -- A deadly winter storm that began in Southern California and stretches to Texas threatens to wreck Thanksgiving week travel plans all the way to the Atlantic.|||The stormy forecast has spread beyond the southern United States and Texas, threatening dangerous travel. Up to 3 feet of snow could cover parts of Texas on Thursday, forecasters say. As far away as Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana and Illinois, the risk of freezing weather means travel could be snarled, according to Air Force Radio Weather Operations. Most of the mid-Atlantic region should stay away from a huge snowstorm that made landfall Wednesday in Northern California, which killed at least 14 people. The Norway National Weather Service warns there could be at least 50 other deaths there as a result. Gusty winds outside of the Cape is making driving dangerous. The storm system began in the Pacific Northwest and has now crept into the Atlantic, surfacing in the Caribbean and parts of South America, according to the hurricane center. On Thursday morning, Saguaro National Park in South Dakota reported a possibility of a flooding on a small island next to Itabasca Bay in northwestern Chile, CNN affiliate WCII reported. South Dakota is in the path of a storm that did not threaten the U.S. mainland. The storm made landfall Wednesday at La Paz, New Mexico, where more than 30 flights are canceled, flights canceled at Amarillo International Airport on Thursday morning and plans to cut flight time at La Paz Airport to 20 minutes, said Jay Stoll, spokesman for the San Antonio International Airport. News 13 Chicago reported three inches of snow. CNN's Jeff Herron was in Colorado for his Thanksgiving day weekend. CNN's Danielle Ryan reported from New York, where two federal troops were stranded overnight because of the weather. CNN's Anthony Boone reported from Phoenix, where snow hit the Arizona State Route 86 highway and took planes off of five routes. CNN's Tony Johnson, who was in Colorado on vacation, said he was leaving Sunday after seeing a U.S. military honor guard in an accident. "They all had to get off the plane to go back into the water," he said. Johnson said he was staying in Colorado until he can get back to Arizona. He was one of a couple of passengers who were trapped at the airport during the inclement weather Wednesday. Authorities at the airport reported minimal service and said it was "in the way of some flights at this point," although by mid-morning that had improved. CNN's Michelle Branchett, a National Weather Service weather researcher, said the storm estimated winds up to 660 mph -- with tail winds up to 20 miles an hour. The storms was fueled by moisture from Mexico. It reminded travelers of biblical times: "If there is a curse, that is the death of a million men. A thousand thousand rule of the law. Take your medicine." Mexico reopens roads for motorists after severe winter. But as the storm moved westward from California into the United States, roads and power lines weakened. Storms continued to march westward from Mexico. U.S. Citizen U.S. Agency for International Development said February 2 that temperatures around the world were warming, with the national average for February averaging 59.7 degrees. In Louisiana, 2.9 inches of snow hit Monroe on Tuesday morning, a CNN affiliate reported. National Weather Service meteorologists were treating snow accumulations on the ground at more than 20 major systems, such as the Colorado Springs Airport, Morrison Airport and the Silverton airport. Passenger traffic was normally fairly light at West Yellowstone, but a weather tower saw delays of about 45 minutes and another 37 minutes, the Montana Transportation Authority reported. About 30,000 air traffic controllers have been reporting delays at airports, officials said. Expect at least one canceled flight from the Buffalo, New York, hub on Thanksgiving Day, CNN affiliate WOAY reported. Travel officials from Arizona to Alabama said no airports would cancel flights. National Weather Service will close airports on Thanksgiving Day.
(CNN) -- The cities of Annecy, Munich and Pyeongchang will battle it out to host the 2018 Winter Olympics.|||Annecy Annecy B.C. B.C. B.C. (Blessed Lady in Honor) Eugene, Oregon Pyeongchang hosted Winter Games 2010, but their respective bids were not finalized by the International Olympic Committee. Teams are still hoping to make the most of a special slot in a revamped IOC Games slot format for the 2018 and 2022 Games. But the small city of Annecy, France, received the only invitation -- so far -- for 2016. The new venue will have its opening phase of races in January, adding speedskating and alpine skiing to the former speedway championships in late January. The Netherlands and Norway were seen as two strong contenders for 2018. But they both bowed out on October 21, saying they had other major plans, including European speedskating, Nordic skiing and figure skating. The top two finishers were Berlin and Munich. Austria edged out its capital city. Sports Minister Maritzi Mayer of Austria said those two cities were strong contenders. Under the new format, cities' bids will compete for a pot of money spread across three arenas and a planned major rally. Austria has also applied for a Space Flight competition for its first-ever Olympic bid, and Germany's Munich bid called for six years for 2016. The city also has an Olympic bid, but has never won an Olympic medal, nor won an Olympic medal. In the decathlon event, a Chinese rival, Beijing, applied. In March, 2013, Boston was shortlisted for the Boston Winter Games. "The IOC has made its decision on China's request for the 2018 Winter Olympics," said Larry Stone, assistant CEO of the Boston-based natural resources group. "The next steps are to decide on the dates, venues, cities and each other for the 2018 Winter Games." The races in the alps will include speedskating and giant slalom. They will not be held on the mountain, with it instead hosted by a city in the high Alps. "The better day for these cities for hosting the Winter Games could not come at a better time," Stone said. "Over the next couple of weeks, all of the main contenders in the Cold War era will be here fighting for the next winter Games and the building of the next generation of winter sports facilities in this region."
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. military is gearing up for a possible influx of Haitians fleeing their earthquake-stricken country at an Army facility not widely known for its humanitarian missions: Guantanamo Bay.|||A military base in Texas is preparing to receive the first Haitian refugee, Ambassador Rolando Rodriguez said Sunday. Rodriguez was speaking after a hearing on sanctions on the U.S. military in Cuba. Cuban officials are pressing Washington to stay out of the building, and say, they are focusing on its main point, the U.S. base in Seattle. The Haiti aid request came Monday, Rodriguez said, and officials from the U.S. State Department said they have meetings with officials in Seattle about what the facility will offer if Haitians show up. Relations between Washington and Cuba are still tense, and the U.S. ambassador has already said that he does not think the facility is sufficient. He noted it does not have adequate capacity to take in people who have fled a crisis such as the one in Haiti. But he did acknowledge that "direct action was needed to slow down the flows of people fleeing." The administration has said, in the past, that it is concerned about the credibility of Haitian President Michel Martelly's official account of the country's suffering. "With respect to today's incident, my position is that...many people who have contributed to the humanitarian crisis that we see in Haiti are an indirect benefit to the government of Haiti and the United States," spokeswoman Maria Boldrini-Covette said Sunday. The firm that runs the facility has a reputation for harboring political prisoners. "The team at Port Isabel (for a team of ethnic Salvadoran inmates) has a lot of prison and a lot of stuff to do for these inmates, and, frankly, they don't seem to care when people are coming in from outside," Boldrini-Covette said. The Haitian minister of justice, Pascual Igalou, said earlier this month that the main target of the refugees, her husband, is naturalized citizen Jean-Paul Toure, who was arrested in March. "Toure is an outstanding man, and he works hard to provide jobs, and he's been trained by freedom fighters all over the world -- including...in order to protect democracy. And he's the kind of guy you don't see on the news coming out of this country." Before his firing last weekend, the guard said he was "disgusted" by the increase in Haitians going through his facility. "For the guards here in Guantanamo, in this building ... they have no command or control over what happens in the jail, except what happens at the military commission." Authorities have not said how many detainees will be housed at the facility, but officials have said it will house 300-400. The base on the Gulf of Both Passes, about 40 miles south of Houston, is home to several hundred detainees, as well as about 200 artillery vehicles and combat-equipped weapons. The base houses about 800 soldiers. Officials say it will be fully operational by early summer. The base's headquarters -- about 10 miles from Guantanamo Bay -- has a small base that's designed to serve as a rehabilitation center for CIA and local support workers, according to the White House.
Editor's note: This is another in a series of Business Insider commentaries debunking common tech myths.|||No, you're not going to find a libertarian private investigator in your new friend's jacket. I've been snooping around the weird side of the Internet to try to find out how hackers get into computers. Right? (You had better be looking.) Yes, the silly hoax is true. Most people know a computer is hacked when they sneeze -- or when they lose a physical key -- but the macbook reader really worked when hackers dropped it into their bedroom and remotely took over their office. In fact, hackers had set up "Newsreading Station Number Two," a remote control remote reading site that claimed to be "the world's most haunted house." Once the device was on and everything was hidden from a normal e-mail server, security researchers ran down the company's exact code: 230672 (which has since been changed to 2402). There were no Facebook account login, no phone book, no mobile app password -- just three words: RESET PUNTIL 9 PM ET. (With 2-4 exceptions, these passwords are stored in the app stored in a specially-created text message.) The three password-free spaces are common to mobile devices, especially old models. Social networks and credit cards are no different. Only time-sensitive, the types of passwords are different. And of course, even common send-and-read passwords cannot be stored in a long-distance network, say MobileSynthesizers or any other mobile browser without use of "Keygear.com" data. Sometimes, however, someone decides to see if the keyboard has "Messaging Will Travel Too," which forces their mails to be sent via phone, so they don't have to open a mailbox. My family downloads the honey-baked Delish ® app before going to bed at night, so it's easy to keep cookies on my phones. Thankfully, it is really only the idea that our readers will be heartbroken if they lose their personal keys to no longer work. Blogged only occasionally in the past three months, readers can freeze away their power and passwords -- and even freeze their smartphones as well -- when they're logged on to their machines late at night. Someone even created a password for their smartphone at midnight that enables access at all times with a single password. The password will just light the screen. Blogged this week, the popular tech blog The Arcturus had few problems with its own password reset. A startup called Avonic soon fixed the problem, but it said it's required that all keyholders switch to a mobile phone, which accounts for a lot of their activity. Avonic also issued a key system call program, and anyone who doesn't know about this needs to register as a keyholder and wait to confirm their password. But a key system will automatically reset to the current password when they login, and Avonic claims that their systems do not have the required key. No clunky security. Like Old School; folks won't steal your old credit cards. Clues to disk security. Of course, all attackers are getting a steady stream of credit card company offers from the security site Kyzyre.com, offering thumb drives, copy-and-paste codes, password managers, and the like. Hackers, in other words, stole access to lots of cardholders and keys for only the most basic and...sswoopy! And what keeps losing these keys? You'd be surprised how many people accidentally forget their own keys and decide to freeze the device anyway. Insecure passwords -- and fewer frequent users. For many people, that would be three-word passwords, which are part of the default of a Social Security number on some accounts. Re-establishing your password is easier -- but only if you know how to reset the password. Bootstraps. Share code won't work. Email Security practice. If your company doesn't hire you for a job. The BlackBerry keyboard can be opened by a person who has access to keys stored in the glove compartment, without a personal key. And everything has a certain type of key, and you only need key keys to give your phone access when someone enters a room.
Washington (CNN) -- Hurricanes are rare in Hawaii. It's even rarer when an incumbent governor or senator loses a primary election in the state. It had never happened before Saturday.|||Hawaii has become a national focus, with protesters riding a motorcycle to demonstrate for gay rights. The issue has divided U.S. Republicans since the "Yes" and "No" sides entered the governor's race in 2010, with GOP candidate Brian Schatz narrowly defeating Democrat Dan Coates. Each party has three years to decide whether to reverse the other's election. It's no surprise that one of the main motivating factors was timing: Hawaii has experienced massive storms in the past, while its younger voters are more committed to social issues like education, health care and housing. A failed state effort to pass a referendum on gay marriage was botched in 2007, costing incumbent Gov. Helen Pool and husband U.S. Sen. Joe Long a narrow victory. The governor has said that he would not step down, even if a senator were to win re-election in his own right. He asked the voters to "do the right thing" and support the marriage rights referendum, a constitutional amendment. By Friday, however, President Barack Obama, along with his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, and other Republicans have started their work on behalf of Democrats, according to a CNN spokesman. CNN's Paul Yee in Honolulu contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- North Korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial Yongbyon nuclear reactor on Friday.|||The seven reactor complex, which has produced more than 2.3 million tons of radioactive material since it opened in 1962, has no nuclear protection features and was equipped with a ventilation system and a power supply. North Korea operates about a dozen reactors in the Korean nuclear complex. The United Nations confirmed Wednesday that the reactor was safe and said it would be removed on Thursday. "Due to modernization of the nuclear equipment, the nuclear power plant could also still be repaired," North Korea's official KCNA news agency reported. "According to its plan to conduct a nuclear blast, the Yongbyon nuclear power plant has been active since the 1960s and is prepared to collapse with it. "It is still widely believed that the plant still has a spent fuel pool and is capable of producing nuclear fuel," KCNA reported, according to CNN. Security experts have also said that North Korea has been compensating the U.S. nuclear energy industry after a deadly October 2012 nuclear blast in Japan. CNN's Tucker McDonald and Nate Glaser contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Andrea Jaime was a student in Georgetown University's School of Nursing and Health Sciences. Yet before she could graduate and help others, she became a patient herself.|||In 2009, Andrea Jaime was a student on her way to graduate from Georgetown University's School of Nursing and Health Sciences. After giving a speech during her final classes at the school, she got a diagnosis: "I had high-grade insomnia." The diagnosis took her off the road for a few days, but Jaime decided that eventually, she needed help from a nurse practitioner who would guide her through her mental health journey, said Jennifer Mitchell, a university spokeswoman. So in August 2009, she turned to her graduate clinical psychiatric nurse, Martha Antonio Capadura, a four-time cancer survivor who also lives near where Jaime lives. "Her condition was noticeable to me, so I asked the nurse practitioner to read the doctor's word," Jaime told CNN. The nurse practitioner diagnosed her with high-grade insomnia, which Jaime started treating immediately. "I was surprised to find out that my sleep had worsened in the hospital to about 3 cm (1 inch) over the previous night, a 10-minute period," Jaime said. Jaime's depression returned immediately. Jaime felt overwhelmed and led by doctors and nurses to receive help for her insomnia. She received guidance with medication and nutrition counseling as well as with medication and counseling specialists who dealt with her. At the time, there was no national model for writing about depression, although Jaime used a piece of research published by the Journal of Academic Medicine in 2006 and 2010 to advocate for the opioid pain medication as an effective tool for helping depression. Last year, Jaime applied for a Master of Social Work certificate in order to help women with cancer. Unfortunately, she was not able to get a job. Jaime left the nursing program by April 2010. In January 2010, Jaime said that she became physically ill after she began a weight loss program to help her weigh less. Even more disappointing to Jaime was that her doctor told her that the weight loss was temporary. "I developed high-grade insomnia very quickly," Jaime said. "My character was starting to be hurt." Read more about the Johns Hopkins Centers for Human Services: Common Secrets of Nurses.
An Indonesian maid has told a Hong Kong court that she was tortured for six months by her former employer, who shoved a vacuum cleaner tube into her mouth, tearing her mouth.|||The doctor, George "Jay" Gordon, insisted his patient had been tortured when his patient admitted to being a moped operator and that she wasn't used to sharing her salary. "Such suffering caused her depression," Gordon said. "Without suffering, she cannot help what she does," he added. Gordon was arrested June 29 and charged in connection with the murder of Joyce Franck, 32. He was sentenced to three months in prison and two years of hard labor for public cruelty. The case resulted in Chan forsuing, which is similar to suicide. A judge found her guilty in May. "The defendant's statements are absolutely inconsistent, and is not understandable," said Fulton Bushell, a spokesman for the High Court's Criminal Courts Unit. "It is difficult to fathom what her motivations would have been." Along with others, Sabri was charged with murder, but appeals were eventually rejected. She pleaded guilty in 2011. Arab man, a former worker on the Indonesian island of Sumatra, earlier had taken her own life. Susika Seana. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Mushair for Penal Affairs said in a statement that by Suzan's admission that he was responsible for her suicide, the incident was "justifiable and must be treated as a genuine suicide." Hussein Shahbandar, the executive director of the Asian University for Human Rights, said this month that Sudan had pleaded guilty to destroying evidence. "While I think Sudan had a right to keep her child alive ... her family will be living with the brutality, neglect, and suffering of her actions for the rest of her life and they should have the chance to take her out," he said. Usman Said Suzan is currently in police custody. "The quality of his interrogation would not allow for providing a significant level of information to the detainee." But Sudan denied his statement. "I will never deny Sudan's complete statements and I fully believe that this confession is true."
(CNN) -- Liane Moriarty knows playground politics. The Australian author features catty mothers, birthday party snubs and a debauched parental gathering in her latest novel, "Big Little Lies."|||The book, which Moriarty calls her first "novel," hits shelves Thursday and follows her love of Margot and Celeste in the suburbs of New York. She also penned another milestone romance, an old friend, "Prelude to a Marriage," which has drawn comparisons to the William Friedkin film "Nocturnal Animals." Moriarty has not yet begun the sequel, a series that would revive the film's 2007 story, "Where God Created Woman." "If we add all this drama to the Wagner of Walls' story, I mean so much less of it is there," Moriarty said of "Big Little Lies." The novel follows Celeste from when she and her family are living in New York to when she returns home and her husband, William, wants to move in. She comes home to life-sized relatives, gossiping about recently divorced husband George's affair, pedophiles and lesbians and a terrific script. But, as someone who witnessed the abuse of young kids in the '80s, Moriarty said, that's hardly how she envisioned life for her character's characters. "Until I awoke in 1960 or the end of '91, I thought to myself, 'Well, I think this will never really happen,' because it happened in an Ohio pizza joint and then in '92 in a jail, in a Women's Army Social Service Center in Camden, New Jersey." The harsh education she passed on at the Naval Academy wasn't comforting to Martha, who grappled with her own abuse as a young woman. "It's the government's idea that you don't tell your children about your family, how they are taught to deal with things, so they don't know the deepest secrets about themselves," she said. King Crimson - 'Queen of the Island,' 'True Grit,' 'Avatar' fans blame Moriarty for ending "Molsonade"
Mariupol, Ukraine  (CNN)Less than two days into a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, deadly violence erupted once again between the military and pro-Russian separatists, casting further doubt about whether the peace plan will hold.|||Mariupol, Ukraine. Separatists in Donetsk are demanding that the city's government maintain its military presence "until the peace process in all respects is fully and simultaneously established," Maior Antonov, the head of Ukraine's Defense Ministry, told CNN. A ceasefire between government forces and pro-Russian separatists called by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko was intended to end the violence and allow the return of the wounded to their relatives. He added that the rebels "will respect the cease-fire," which officials said was being observed from the mainland of Ukraine to the second international border crossing. But protests erupted near the town of Mariupol after the truce became effective, and dozens of people were killed, Lenitsyn told CNN. Officials blamed unrest in southeastern Ukraine on the violence and U.S. and Russian air support for the pro-Russia rebels.
(CNN) -- A Chinese high court has agreed to hear an appeal from convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai, according to a statement released by Jinan Intermediate People's Court.|||Bo Xilai, 64, was convicted of collusion with a foreign bank to seek political gains, a violation of his China security duties, and fined over $3 million and barred from leaving the country for seven years, said a news release from Fengjiang, China's largest Communist Party region. The former premier from Chongqing is part of China's Communist Party's 17th Five-Year Plan, a plan to reshape the country by increasing production, driving down prices, and better organizing, improving information and service delivery and education, while improving job creation. Bo was also ordered to submit his share of prices, travel data and estimate of jobs at a global think-tank of top businesses. As for his wife, his verdict suggests that her actions were motivated by political pressure from government officials to be run as businesswomen. Bo lived his final months in the Chinese spring capital in 2011 with his mother, Lu Xiaoyang, and five daughters, according to the news release. But he left Beijing in February 2012 after they suffered a fatal car accident, citing health problems related to hiking at a popular Beijing hiking spot. "I intended to hike out of Zhejiang for one day," Bo told reporters at the beach in Beijing's Yanji Shui-an Park while announcing the cancellation of a party speech. After Bo announced his departure, one of his children sent off more than $200,000 in cash and gifts to friends and relatives abroad. Bo and his two children have been living in Russia since April 2009 after their mother sent them through a government amnesty program. Bo, a former party official, came to live in China in 1994. Since then, he has been accused of corruption, embezzlement and fraud and jailed twice. The six-year prison term he served for his role in the 2002 murder of an intern was for one year suspended last year. He was also released on a five-year light sentence after signing a deal with Chongqing authorities to plant a sewage treatment plant in the town of Dahoyang, prompting passers-by to report the pollution to authorities. The state-owned Haihe Nuclear Power Corporation took responsibility for building a long-range water bridge in 2012 that raised the Han River on China's west coast, damming rivers that overflow into China's Yellow Sea, sparking fears of a new famine.
President Barack Obama exhorted Iraqi leaders to come up with a political solution to governing their nation because "if they don't, there won't be a military solution to the problem," he told CNN in an interview Friday.|||Appressing Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki during a visit to the United States this week, Obama said the reality is Iraqi politics is at stake. The dialogue had already achieved some success, he said. However, he noted that there still was no political solution to the humanitarian crisis that had surfaced over the past eight weeks, when 400,000 people had sought asylum in the United States, after 22 months of fighting. About 100,000 people had been internally displaced, because they had been living in makeshift camps. Militants attacked government buildings and attacked civilians from neighborhood to neighborhood, taking away government workers and sending ISIL militants into Baghdad. The unrest has now forced the United States, the Gulf states and regional states to discuss how to take control of the region. But the latest developments make it clear what steps are needed. Obama said the four options are "military, political, and economic." Intervention could be "the best solution to the Iraqi problem, but this is not a military solution," he told CNN in an interview Friday. There is also the issue of how to address the humanitarian crisis. "The efforts that have been made have contributed to the collapse of the Iraqi government, and you can certainly predict that they will lead to a kind of rupture in the relationship between Iraq and the United States," Obama said. The expansion of U.S. military forces could end up being good for both parties, he said, but failed to mention the possibilities of how the new government could create a solution. Iraqi opposition groups have often complained that American military action had undermined the country's democracy. They fear the U.S. presence in Iraq also affects how they will operate their city. Watch our report: Iraq's chaos left a gulf to spillover:
Lake Zakher, United Arab Emirates (CNN) -- In a remote corner of the United Arab Emirates, a blue lake shimmers amid the sand dunes.|||From the world's first crossing to even thinking of a water deity honoring a dead king's burial is nearly impossible. In the village of Zakher, a few blocks from the nearest oil train station and about 200 miles (320 kilometers) west of the U.S. border, workers have been channeling heavy fuel into an artificial saltwater lake that stretches from the extreme desert to a river canyon, where it is hidden in sand. Weeks ago, a small team of volunteers arrived, signaling the onset of a 50-mile crossing. Mirage is a new role for worshiping the water goddess "Mushab," the website reads. The couple, combined over the years, decided to create "a place of remembrance to honor my father" through a cash donation from a friend. The grandfather of the man in the video was well off in the fortunes before his grandfather gave him a fortune. "Imagine the Great Dilemma to this lake." The family built a modest, stone-stone pavilion along the shoreline, hoping it will be a backdrop to beauty. Only a small yellow rose makes a diabolic shape. Everything else is the desert sand. At dawn, at least once a day, an insect emerges on the seabed and makes footprints. There are no lights, yet there are many live creatures. "The heavens bend down and embrace you with their strength and mercy. See angels? When you see the earth is doing its job and everything is perfect," Peter Rosenow, whose family built the modern lake, said in a written report. "But when the Great Dilemma hits, the tremendous angels turn to you with all their grace and power." Reading this passage, seven family members tell of how they made their first entry into the floating lake 18 years ago, "left God in our hearts and joined together to see God's Kingdom rise." It was during the praying service at the popular hall used by heavenly saints to gather the faithful to the waters that they feel free to observe the prayers. "God let his sons bless this lake," a voice on a small loudspeaker says. "Let's unite for the good of God and His kingdom! Our purpose is to praise the patron goddess." Among the exceptional deeds on the lake's daily calendar is to be acquainted with Shadi Uae Rifai, a prince living in Alexandria, Egypt, whose brother is missing from paradise. The prince has been missing since December 27, 2010. After a lengthy search for his family, he was discovered, but told it was not the day of his death, Saudi sources said last month. "We had some problems, but at least he was alive and we knew his condition," Ufaah Rifai said. "But people were so busy going back and forth from Bahrain to Oman, which was beyond the reach of our ability to help him." Al-Urtayani, who is leader of the rebel Al-Mu'adid movement, announced to his followers that the prince's brother would be buried at the lake. At midnight prayers, Ufaah said, both participants knelt on their knees, bowed their heads and said, "Thank you. God bless you and the kingdom of Ali." Al-Urtayani urged those at the lake to get to the water fast if they are unable to. "Please be strong in following their dedication, because this is the normal amount of time that you need to spend bathing," he said. The peaceful shores, especially of the water, embrace the spirit of al-Rufai. "They are really the beauty of paradise and they live and breathe beauty." Blessing birds and even a sheep walk on the islands surrounding the lagoon as the saints cast water on them. "Some of the birds come to give people food," said Munira Abu Sattar, one of Zakher's sheep farmers. Others feed the animals in the lagoon.
New York City (CNN) -- New York Fashion Week concluded yesterday, and the trendy, well-heeled set can finally rest their aching feet -- at least for the flight across the pond to London, Paris and Milan to wash, rinse and repeat it all over again.|||The globe-trotting set has again returned to the East Coast for fashion week. And judging from last year, it seemed a little like it had been only a week between shows. Here are some of the worst-loved pieces of the week. The catwalk here is: It's been a bit like a Marathon of Shame without a sharp drop from the ceiling -- wonder what that feels like? The next stage is: an atmosphere of on- and off-putting mystique and inappropriate melodrama. The days leading up to Fashion Week are a blur of clichés, one-way conversations and fashion jargon that fail to capture the real meaning. Again. Fashion week is a two-step process; a day in the company of other famous people and a week later you have the New York city, so for your first day, you need to be prepared to have much conversation with someone new and different. It was either ask Jared Leto or Harrison Ford about his favorite fashion sense, or work with them on the down-and-out ideas. Ask them how they did at "Looking" magazine. Go with me. From the weekend before, there was nothing you could do about the fact that the clothes are not good. If you were planning on going to the Big Apple, you should have brought your game face, and some cold shoulder. Once the season started, designers offered itineraries and interview sessions to set up shop for the week to come. Fashion Week starts in New York.
(CNN) -- Over the years, the Winter Olympics has thrown up a variety of competitors that defy logic.|||The misfortune has hit even a North Korean crew, who were on a back-up flight. Instead of flying to an area where an enemy aircraft could come in and finish it off, they tried to land at their home base near Athens, Greece, en route to medical help, and they missed their destination. The unfortunate 30-minute descent into the capital of the land of the free, where a runway is visible, ended with the plane of a Korean Air crew, only seconds from the end of the runway, coming to a sudden stop on a very steep incline. But it wasn't until they landed that they saw the plane had missed their takeoff and was about to depart. CNN's Luke Jones published a video on Thursday showing what exactly happened. He said they planned to connect with someone who had recently vanished. By the way, James Jones is NBC's sports operations chief.
(CNN) -- The wife of al Qaeda's second-in-command has purportedly issued a message urging women to raise their children to love holy war and defend Muslim lands.|||The message, seen by CNN affiliate CNN's News2, was posted on a page calling for jihad, anti-Americanism and women as radicals. It will be broadcast online, the channel said. The channel said the message is also being sent from a website controlled by the al Qaeda leadership. It did not give further details on who sent it. It was published on the Web site of al-Awlaki, al-Nashiri's political party, and on the website of the Al Qaeda media branch, al-Jazeera. Al Qaeda also issued a statement with the name "Yasmine Abu Rumina," the group said. "Following in the footsteps of Abu Huraira, Aisha, a wise and wise woman, tells women that jihad and resistance are synonymous," the statement said. Aisha has previously led a terrorist cell in the village of Qusayr and is behind the mosque call "Wahdat Iskander Al-Waqtani" in Zumr. CNN could not immediately reach Aisha to confirm her account of the message. On June 26, al Qaeda said it killed one of her sons -- Abdullah Ahmad, the commander of al Qaeda's resistance operations in Iraq.  Women for war and defending Muslim lands. Al Qaeda's al Qaeda in Iraq said it was planning a "harsh campaign against this hateful ideology of the West and its new bad attitude toward Islam," the group said at the time. U.S. officials have been investigating a reported attack on Osama bin Laden's mausoleum in Pakistan in April. His body was found August 28, among explosives, according to U.S. officials. As well, a young man has been killed. Five women have been killed in terrorism attacks in Pakistan and elsewhere in recent years, according to the U.S. State Department. Videos showing radical women at war, a spokesman for the group told CNN on Monday. "These videos were clearly authenticated," he said. "The creator of the videos said it was decided by the close family of Hassan al-Wahhab, who is called the 'founder of al Qaeda in Iraq.'"  Watch more on the war on terror ». "Not just for Muslims," it added.  Watch: "How fast is the world changing"?
(CNN) -- For first-timers, South by Southwest Interactive can be a little intimidating.|||A Flash mob from Australia's Asterix studio will be one of the hottest attractions at this year's South by Southwest Interactive convention in Austin, Texas, next week. Asterix's first-ever cartoon is stuck in the screen, accessible to those who have created a virtual keyboard. It makes a perfect jumping off point for AT&T's upcoming iPhone 4. The most common new iPad, which features a virtual keyboard, is also available this holiday season. Imagine walking into Santa Claus' front door and the virtual keyboard all over the house. Another fun choice: "You could launch the Apple Watch and flip it up using whatever you have on hand," argues Steve Bradley, who turned the iPad into a digital tractor. "It works out really well." Bradley is encouraging all those interested to register early as more gadgets make the trip even easier. Thompson is an iGoggles software developer. She described the Zune as "an old-school gaming (station/personal entertainment) device with advanced mobile capabilities and a progressive rock touch interface." Other first-time artists at SXSW Interactive include 22-year-old Jay King -- who, one day, will have his "Xbox 360" digi-portable operating system ready to download on his iPad. It's the same game as the one the Xbox has been around for 10 years, but it's more compact. King described his greatest challenge was getting the iPhone's touchscreen off the ground. "It's like walking through a huge hole," he says. King and his companions said they put the i2 controller on a range of gaming systems and controlled the tremolo controllers they use as controllers to stream music from a flat screen. Sounds like a tough job! Alex, a fourth-year SBYSO student, stumbled onto the marebob through an internet search. That search for electronic music attracted 10,000 hits. Why? Well, says King, he discovered the white glass of open Windows laptops that converted the monitors into televisions, computers, and mice. He loved the desktop environment and came away with a concept he said, "did it as well as computers!" So he turned his invention into an editing wizard and turned it into a "one-stop shop" where you could come up with ideas for your own games, either for your current title on XBOX 360 or an upcoming desktop PC or Android tablet. "As an example, I made a graphics Wizard for the Nexus 4, which is an HTC tablet." He also created the Uptide Extender, which allows Android or iPhone accessories to play games. Unfortunately, he lost track of the original idea at one point, but he figured it out in another app store. At least it's a start. And for some, it's a reality. Ray Pierce might be testing something out at SXSW Interactive next week. Follow Ray Pierce on MySpace.
(CNN) -- At 23, many people around the world are still at university -- at that age, Gossy Ukanwoke had already started one.|||The group aims to raise awareness at universities and colleges across the globe about the problem of mentoring students and the roles ethnic groups can play in combating poverty. If a woman is still there in her 20s, although able to access food and fuel at half the cost of someone of her age -- including more expensive schools -- she will have a free education. In one study conducted at an Islamic university in Uganda, which admits hundreds of African students every year, she interviewed undergraduates at two universities, a university in Burkina Faso and a philosophy school. After weighing in at 230 pounds -- 70% of the normal age group -- she and her husband started their own family. When she graduated, the couple made $200 a month from restaurants. They aimed to continue and expand their business and then eventually become the second largest Chinese supermarket in the world. In 2015, they both returned to school to study Chinese and eventually joined the Chinese Media and Communications Association. Last year, they became first-time lecturers and graduates, becoming the first class to graduate from either the Italian or Chinese universities, which were planned before the World Bank was formed. "I've always ministered to the students, with the hope they will like the teaching they are doing -- I would want all my students to graduate with those degrees," she says. "One of the things I realized about myself is that I am not very lucky. My background is 20 years below what all my friends and family are doing." The group aims to raise awareness about female-on-female mentoring in 25 countries at the end of 2015, since gender bias could very well play a role in a rising rate of nonmenopause. Since the scheme is still going on, the organization hopes to raise awareness at university level about a major but growing gender issue: sexism. For U.S. students attending female-on-female mentorship, the gender imbalance is 17 percent. The group wants to double that rate by 2020. "It's important for people to have educational awareness, for them to see it in a positive way, instead of just thinking of these stereotypical stereotypes that look at laziness or a couple people with different socioeconomic backgrounds. ... I'm conscious that our mission will place emphasis on skills development, and be able to connect with people from different backgrounds and from a variety of ages and socio-economic backgrounds," she says.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Days before the start of Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation hearings, a new national poll indicates that by a narrow margin, Americans would like the Senate to confirm her as the next Supreme Court justice.|||And the people are split. By 62-32 percent. Men continue to say that the other choice is too radical. 43 percent of Americans say they believe Sotomayor would approve of the Supreme Court's handling of disputes between appeals and the government's interference with the court's laws, 32 percent of Latinos and 35 percent of blacks. That equals the balance in the best-case scenario of three out of four Americans putting a woman on the high court. "Not one single woman on the court," said Sotomayor's father, who chairs the influential Hispanic Serving Families Coalition. But in a poll released last week, Sotomayor's political position in the presidential race turned from popularity into national consternation. "The national mood and direction is shifting quickly," Sotomayor's father said in an interview with CNN. "It's clear that the movement is largely and relentlessly turning against the president, and against the policies that he has pursued."
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration is considering the possibility of removing all U.S. troops in Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission officially finishes at the end of 2014, White House officials said Tuesday.|||Obama administration officials could move any U.S. troops out of Afghanistan as early as February or March, said Jeff Adair, the deputy director of the White House National Security Council. "I think early days are pretty good for our decision-making process," Adair said. Obama has sent a "clear signal" to NATO in Washington, according to Adair, that the United States believes that bringing back all U.S. troops in Afghanistan is a priority. Last summer, the Obama administration stopped short of any withdrawal. The decision comes as Afghan leaders say the nation needs more help from NATO, but that leaves U.S. troops saying they want a "go, mission go, mission go" for the coming year. The United States and NATO acknowledge that there will be a fight for the lives of U.S. and allied troops in Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission officially finishes at the end of 2014. U.S. and NATO troops have been battling al Qaeda and other terrorist groups in Afghanistan for most of the past 10 years. U.S. officials said they remain convinced that the Taliban and other terror groups, not U.S. troops, have caused the violence. "There are a lot of bad elements that are out there with a very short fuse. We have to maintain some level of confidence that we can defeat the threats. We just have to know what the final outcome is," Adair said. CNN's Trish Greene contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The sobbing woman pleads for help in a 911 call.|||Oh, Oklahoma, sheriff says mysterious woman in confusion, holding scissors, comes over to local area (despicable) after woman calls 911. Oklahoma County Sheriff Scott Hunt says the woman started playing with a scissors and that she got into a braid. The woman is named on the 911 call as Lois, but authorities do not have her name yet. Hunt has asked the owner of the one-car garage if Lois could please notify the owners, even in a lot of moving cars. The owner, a woman who would not be named, is refusing to speak to the Press. She wants the woman to call police.
KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's new government has converted its deposed king's opulent palace into a museum and unfurled the national flag on Sunday as a symbolic move to signify the end of monarchy.|||Officials said the history-making Khanabad Palace had been approved to become the national museum in January, two months after the monarchy fell due to political unrest, but it had been authorized to have a nearby museum to serve as a name for the headquarters of the kingdom, the minister of cultural affairs said. "It is a very important beginning," Nayak Durga Janaria told CNN. "We have now decided that the government is not full and its place is not in the palace, but rather in the museum." He said only the monks of Khanabad would protest the government's decision and that they had seized "the highest amount of power" to prevent it. Born as a fifth-grade school teacher, the firebrand Pandit Prasad Shah told CNN he had spent decades training to be a New Democrat and had sent to power alongside their father, a Nepalese politician who was overthrown by the military and was convicted. In the heart of the capital, the school where many members of his party graduated had been established in 1979. The two men who chose to become the country's new ruling caste sat under the pavilion and sang a traditional song over a backdrop of marching column tombs. "We promise that we will accept such a Constitution as it is given us by the people, said Dhuram Paksingh Pratap, a firebrand," he said. "We, the people's leaders, are committed to this. We will not let our aspirations die, and we will not let our children perish." The prince pointed out that the Nepalese public was still too young to support a general who defeated the new king. King Pushpa Kamal Dahal was elected in November as the new king after last year's bloody electoral campaign was based on a move after a government tried to bring down the monarchy by assassination in August. The king accords royal status to individuals, but said the constitutional monarchy wouldn't live any longer until the new king brought down the king. President Janai Ghosh has made the dismantling of the monarchy a key part of his mandate to avoid future instability in the nation. "We believe that during this era, many kings will be able to stop dominoes, and more and more dominoes are coming." Just after midnight on Saturday, police in the capital shot dead Maharlal Nehru, who led protests demanding that the government kick out the royal guard who toppled the monarchy.
Moscow (CNN) -- As the Bolshoi Ballet's artistic director Sergei Filin entered the security code of his Moscow apartment, a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face, temporarily blinding him and leaving him with severe burns.|||When a masked man stood outside Filin's Siberian studio at 3 a.m. Sunday morning, he noticed an unusual blue color, then sprayed a red-orange paint on his left eye and on the inside of his mouth and, leaning on a painting bookcase, tied a veneer around Filin's face. When the singer confronted the gunman, who sped away, the assailant stabbed his throat and threw acid onto the director, whose arm was severed and his kidney was frozen. A short while later, he called Moscow police and was informed he needed help to get to hospital, police said. Police obtained an emergency room for another man after the gunman threatened to cut off the right arm of a second filmmaker he had hired to live with him. That colleague, two other people, were told the man would be wearing a mask and would suffer from "severe injuries" from the acid poisoning, according to a police statement. The police statement said the two men arrived home for the attack "in the seconds after they entered the bathroom." Filin was near an apartment at 13 Croydon near the metro station when police broke into the house, where they found marijuana, food and two televisions. "A glass blowing machine was operational, a coffee machine and a wiper were also pulled out in the kitchen," the statement said. "The suspect said he did not care about the media." The crackdown on illegal weapons by Moscow police is an escalation of a series of raids across Russia, according to AFP. CNN's Suzy Pontyshlina contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Militants in Iraq have taken hold of nuclear materials at university science facilities near the northern city of Mosul, the Iraqi government has said in a letter to the United Nations.|||In October 18, several explosions were reported at the University of Basra, the U.N.'s nuclear assistance program said. A Belgian scientist who was working on the site said an explosive device was placed in a woman's bag. She and her husband picked up the bag and discovered a rusty pump-action detonator and dozens of rusty shell casings and explosives shells. The militia group Mahdi Army launched a vehicle and vehicle-to-vehicle assault against the Islamic militias who held the settlement of Akkad, Nairobi University said in a written statement. ISIS spokesman Masoud Mahmoud announced the news Friday in a written statement. "We are blaming the attack on the militants of Nasrab, the reason it occurred was to show militants where these terrorists come from," he said, adding that "because of the presence of Sheikh Nuri Masoud al-Mazroui al-Hashdallah we will take actions against them in retaliation." Nairobi University is located in Baghdad province in the northeast of Iraq, where the Mosul military base is located. Nairobi University said a bomb detonated near the university's campus in Badit, a town about 20 minutes north of Mosul. Husain Bakouzadi, a professor at the university, said the bomb was inside a large building in the area of the bomb, but that he could not say if the bomb was actually detonated. "This bomb damaged a lot of buildings and injured dozens of people," he said. "It is damaged because of the distance from the city to the bomb. These bombs were built to throw you up like a nuclear bomb and throw you around." Nairobi University said it is sensitive to the prospect of militants trying to move these explosives to nearby Mosul. Where jihadists have been hiding, the Sunni militant group Islamic State is a major battlefield presence. The group has claimed responsibility for the explosion in Badit, a city of 750,000 that saw a bus carrying international journalists destroyed as it tried to take cover. Dozens of people were injured in the blast. It forced the evacuation of the university and dozens of people, including the professor, were wounded in the explosion and car bombing, the university said. The blast occurred on the same street where nine young men were killed in a car bombing in September 2005. Among those killed in that attack were three police officers and two civilians. No term has been given for the explosion in Badit. CNN's Imran Houdeen contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The evolution of drones continues.|||The fall could be full of breathtaking opportunities. And that includes even magnificent unmanned aerial vehicles. Yes, we are looking at top-secret mission robots that could fly the fastest commercial flight ever. Among unmanned aerial vehicles, DARPA is in the midst of producing goggles and other head-up displays to assist pilots in performing weather-observing operations, which would be required for air navigation and deliveries. The program is designed to be "life-saving," helping pilots continually manage their aircraft through significant weather conditions such as snow, ice and fog. Initially the test would involve promising results in many remote sensing missions, but with the assistance of a monitor the technology could also be used to gradually piloted forward on missions that require a small team of experienced professionals to remotely pilot. Another substantial advancement in exploring space is a new form of solar powered back-up that is already scheduled for production. NASA is already working on a pack of five "carving-out" robots that would be used for the first unmanned space flight since 1999. But its future is expected to be much more robust. Within the next three years, the exploration drones will return to a global level, with robotic planes circling the sky to refire crucial parts of their engines. How, if anything, might personal space flight one day look like. The moment will come when what basically looks like a crop of rockets is transformed into what I'd call a sky-diving vehicle. For now, though, the only way is by the imagination, starting with really intricate understandings of how to control the drones. Meanwhile, above and beyond the abstract daydream, drones' future is a man-made destination. For example, a young American navigator flying a single-person drone will become known as Zano, in human recognition. Some larger drones have the capability of carrying small residential, commercial and even military satellites. The first commercial trip for this sort of space-diving drone will be 2020, according to Carlos Dominguez-Ota, the CEO of Xeong. Think Boeing 747-400. Imagine a passenger jet that now moves at 700 mph powered by fiber-optic cables as it travels. What about other advancements? Light in space -- which is how outer space drones such as NASA will operate -- is now being brought about by a set of low energy engines they're developing that can operate in concert together.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- The Pakistani government convened a meeting on Monday of nearly all of the country's political parties, in an effort to consolidate broad national support for its military operation to crush Taliban militants in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley.|||Supporters of several political parties take part in the meeting Monday. Intense political and economic factors have played a role in recent violence in the northwest, a country held hostage for five years by the Taliban. This has spurred a growing sense of unity and cohesiveness among Pakistan's political and business elite. Pakistan's Prime Minister Mir Hamid bin Hamid and the Foreign Minister, Iftikhar Chaudhry, arrived at the request of the opposition Pakistan People's Party, a member of parliament who participated in the meeting, which was called to establish consensus for a joint election campaign following an internal Pakistani government consensus last year on the need for a military offensive. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also attended the meeting. CNN's harmeet mansour contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Russian television reporter was killed Tuesday while covering the crisis in Ukraine, according to state-run media.|||Zig, and Bilal Karimov, the cameraman for RT, and Noa Efremov, the reporter of the Russian intelligence service, were found dead near the border with Ukraine, Reuters reported. In what might be the biggest coup attempt on Ukrainian soil since a brief war ended more than four years ago, the news agency said Karimov was shot by a separatist who had entered a military police post in Grozny when the latter fired a gas canister at a government checkpoint. Local news agencies said that a few hours later, gunmen used an automatic weapon to attack the scene. Karimov and his colleagues had been taking part in what they described as an "educational program in the Vostok military prison," which police spokesman Vladimir Vinogradov told CNN. In late October, Ukraine's eastern region of Donetsk was shelled after the state services said U.S. military support reached the scene, killing four civilians and an administrative official. In December, pro-Russian separatists used a pro-separatist news agency in Donetsk, Aftonbladnet, to report on "investigations into the terrorist organization " the Chechen Hostage Crisis in Chechnya.
(CNN) -- I was a high school student in 1983, when the video for "Thriller" was released, getting plenty of air time on MTV. By then, the network's "M" could just as easily have stood for Michael. It was an event.|||The Southern Poverty Law Center has received "announcements" from the FBI and the DEA, both of which say they are investigating the epidemic, that officials in Memphis and Atlanta, Tennessee, are looking at the possibility of conducting a targeted search. The Atlanta area is home to one of Michael Jackson's favorite haunts: a Memphis, Tennessee, streetscape. The documentary "The Ghost of Michael Jackson" shows Jackson, living in the city in the 1960s with his family, screening family photos from the time he was a young musician at his family's high school. Moving from his grave in Middletown to the Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, real estate bought at a very public price only to be spotted in mysterious graveyards in around the nation, lands his family believes to be a Disney theme park. He eventually died at the age of 25, so he leaves behind a large estate in "King of Popland." Imagine the thrill of discovering so much that never was when you were 8 years old. It was the big one, with original works like "Help!" and "Dreamgirls" uncensored and in theaters. Michael Jackson's every move was perfect. (Although rumors told of the shooting later died down when the police gave the news of the shooting's source to a handful of eyewitnesses.) Then, as now, in the frenzy of MTV, viewers would watch our celebrity idol put on his performance during the show live on the air and religiously watch it on TV, whether it was live on TV or over the air. It was an event. Now, it is. But Michael Jackson's body has been untouched by his death. The National Museum of American History's entry on site had told CNN that Mick Jagger had, however, kept any unaddressed copies of "Thriller" from being displayed. Too bad. He was 90 pounds lighter than Michael. Jackson's body has been recovered, so the museum will be showing his movies for the first time in three decades -- or at least for the next 60 years.
Check your Facebook mail lately?|||Check your Facebook message while you browse or sign up for your daily economic soap box. Overnight this morning, we had President Obama smash into the roost in the Factory Square in South Austin about the border steel shutdown to protest the entire shutdown. He told the workers it would cost $9 million. That figure includes $5 million that was never cut during the shutdown and $1 million that Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen tweeted during his own visit to the U.S. Today he tweeted that Gov. Rick Snyder was discussing the matter at a state meeting in Illinois. Besides tweeting, he also noted a CNN interview with former North Carolina Gov. Rick Scott over the weekend. Koch brothers over blue dot logo.
(CNN) -- Flavio Briatore has successfully appealed against his lifetime ban from Formula One for his part in a race-fixing conspiracy at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, CNN confirmed Tuesday.|||It appears that both have denied they colluded with one another to fix a race in the April 2000 Dutch Grand Prix, just five months after Briatore and four other drivers had won the race for a record haul of €500,000 (U.S.) and the officials at F1 Headquarters at the time claimed the deal would make it fair for anyone involved to get a "special deal". They had suggested the potential winnings for the teams from the players were "stolen out of our hands by the others." In their complaint made in October last year, the FIA and the F1 Commission highlighted Briatore's role in what they said was an "ongoing scandal." The court on Monday confirmed that the Italian had appealed the sentence the International Court of Justice handed down on February 2. This was the first anti-corruption hearing for Briatore and five other ex-bigga juniors. The sentence now stands at the end of this month, with five legal challenges to the verdict in Germany and one last in the UAE. And because none have alleged guilt, the appeal for the end of Briatore's ban is still on. "It was never serious enough to be considered in its entirety, let alone the final phase of the appeal in June," said the court's chairman, Marco Del Ghio. "An appeal in its entirety and against the second phase is not a practical possibility." Last year, FIA President Alain Prost and F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone announced that both would continue to be fined between six and nine months and they would end Briatore's ban. According to the ECHR, Ferrari was found guilty of taking part in the deal, and had been fined EUR 5 million (U.S.), with the ruling overturned. It has been revealed that Briatore was among the masterminds behind the plot when he was notified by the FIA in 2005 that he had passed on orders to pay $30 million to Rick Reutemann, who oversaw the conspiracy during the race. At the time of the price, Reutemann received approval from Ecclestone, who in turn said Briviat told him about Briatore as head of his commercial and marketing department. Sergio Buchet won his fifth grand prix in four seasons with the Italian team, but later became the Italian Grand Prix champion. From F1's old staff, the accusation was that he spent much of his day chasing Briviat. His long connection with top-ranked Michael Schumacher led to the demise of some of the F1 teams' original management, now owned by a consortium led by Alastair Edwards. A fallen car wall also suffered from Briatore's involvement in a crash in Rome in September 2000. McLaren's Tony Cocke, who later did not race again, accused him of pulling the strings behind the scenes. McQueen brought in Alexis Senna, as the later replaced his stricken engine. Senna has suffered significant damage from the incident. Last month, Senna made his return to F1, and won his fourth Grand Prix since leaving McLaren. Schmidt was to become the first McLaren driver to have won the 2008 race, after teammate Nico Rosberg retired from the sport. The team admitted it had been plotting against Rosberg since Senna had returned to the sport, and Rosberg is believed to be already back on the grid. Brackley won the 2003 race. The most recent F1 race at Monza, during which David Coulthard was the leading qualifier with Michael Schumacher and Rio Haryanto in his McLaren, was his first triumph in almost a year. The victory, combined with the French driver's repeated victories, set up a strong season for Mirko Vuceti's McLaren. Jenson Button also led the 2009 season, and Nico Rosberg finished third that season, while Nico Prost placed second with McLaren. The F1 bosses shook up the team hierarchy on Monday, after returning to the circuit for a meeting with some of the minnows. Alberto Fermari racing with Ferrari declared four-time world champion Johnny Damon 'arrested' over accident concerns after crash near the weekend's opening grand prix. "It was a terrible, terrible day," John Sloane tweeted. "A disappointment that Mark Webber couldn't be with him."
(CNN) -- Americans are forgoing medical attention in the face of high health-care costs, a new consumer health survey has found.|||What's the upset? Every patient surveyed indicated a 45-day delay in visiting the doctor. That was the lowest participation rate. According to the survey, which was conducted March 8 through 13 by Rand Corp. and Kaiser Permanente, Americans stay awake for longer hours than ever. Longer delay amounts to a difference of $56.6 billion, according to the survey. This huge health care gap has created an enormous cost of health care. At the same time, while more Americans than any other nation are getting medical care, Americans have been taking part in the annual survey of health care cost and benefit benefits, as well as reducing the number of encounters with doctors and hospitals. Personal income is proving to be the hottest area of health care spending, with 3.6 million US workers and those eligible living short of a $10,000 income limit, according to a recent report by Massachusetts General Hospital. The report said that the high living requirements are accompanied by even higher military-to-military-to-civilian costs and caused the poor to cut back on their health care spending. They have also lowered wages, and stress leading to higher alcohol consumption and poorer school performance. Read more: Students predict Canada's "mythical" perfect high school. The Horatio Alger Study would shock: This is the first global study to pick one country and set a maximum age limit for college graduates. The study uses an index-based modeling system to rank working-age populations in North America and Canada from 1 to 200. Attending counseling was considered a financial aid for those who cannot afford the medical care needed to stay home during illness and recovery and would need insurance for their health care. The new survey also finds that Americans believe American debt is the real health care issue. The United States has the second-highest rate of debt, behind North America's national debt. What's the study's main finding?
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- Seeking to identify the man who shot dead another man outside a store in Naples, Italy, in the spring, an anti-mafia prosecutor distributed on Thursday a video showing the execution.|||In an effort to dismantle the Torino-based, crime-fighting NCPO, he released an hour-long video depicting the killing of one man and the man who was shot dead by a third man. With his hands linked with an imaginary sword, the New Jersey-born Mafioso, armed with a pistol, starts to shoot. The killing is gruesome; it includes several stampeding and a gangly man lying slumped on the ground with his hands over his face. A silver mask and blood-stained shirt were also visible in the video. Investigators believe the mask matches one used by the suspect, but no murder charges were pressed. As well, he has been indicted on counts of carrying out assassinations, theft and destruction of property, the prosecutor said. Recent efforts by the United States to push back against Italy's security services have so far been thwarted. NGPO Director-General Fabio Borraio has said that the man who shot the man in downtown Naples wanted him dead. Prosecutors have asked the provincial attorney general's office for its condolences, citing the assassinations that have killed the director-general's employees. Borraio is a central figure in Rome's anti-mafia fight. Under President Sergio Berlusconi, the prosecutor's office has vowed a maximum fine of $30,000. The president and the interior minister of Italy both received gifts from the group, which has an annual bounty of $1.5 million. And the Vatican has banned suspected Mafioso members from entering the Vatican. The U.S. president has warned that the group will remain in power even if President Barack Obama eases restrictions. Rome can slash the minimum fine to $1.25 million. The Italian government has warned that people engaged in criminal activity will face criminal and administrative consequences if they fail to return to Italy to seek justice. A magistrate indicted the defendant, Clemente Melis, 41, on murder charges for allegedly shooting and killing a pensioner in 2006, according to Rome prosecutor Paolo Dall'Aquila. Melis is accused of killing it for more than 20 years, and he was acquitted in 2007, while his son, Vivian Melis, was charged earlier this week. Melis' son, Matteo Melis, is currently the town's chief prosecutor, according to the official. Monis and Melis were living in Palermo when the alleged killing occurred, state prosecutors said. Monis, who has been suspended for two months without pay, is being tried in absentia in provincial court in Napoli. The mayor is being closely followed by federal prosecutor Susanna Stoli, who is personally investigating Melis' killing, according to local media. Last week, three people, a priest, two journalists, and four parishioners were charged with participating in armed robbery in an Italian town. It is illegal in the United States to join the mafia. But the Roman Catholic Church has previously said it considers the mafia an essential part of government and has refused to be intimidated. Mercedes and his three co-defendants have no connection with organized crime in Italy, the prosecutors said. On Thursday, Neri-based Justice Ministry spokeswoman Michele Anastasia Ferro criticized the campaign as propaganda. "We are saddened to see portraits of people killed by the mafia," she said. "What a shame that these images have become public. The state is totally destroyed. And these people have done nothing to solve it, of course, with all due respect," she said.
Chicago, Illinois (CNN) -- The four people found dead this week in a suburban Chicago home were the victims of a murder-suicide, a coroner said.|||The bodies were found Monday in a closet in the family's home in Waukesha, Illinois, Cook County, prosecutor Bonnie Hughes said Tuesday. That was the same day that three of the four were found dead at a home in Plymouth, Illinois, that had been under development for a residential project, Hughes said. The four people discovered Monday were believed to be married but the cause of death has not been determined. A home on Belmont, Illinois, was heavily damaged by fire. Chicago firefighters and police examined numerous of the windows, and nearby Waukesha police dog teams had been called. They were unable to find a break, Hughes said. Investigators did not say what conditions led to the victims' deaths, Hughes said. The source of the break may not be known yet, Hughes said. A hospital worker in Peoria, Illinois, is under house arrest, police said.
(CNN) -- A Colorado teenager is facing a first-degree murder charge, accused of stabbing her mother 79 times in the face and neck in the bathroom of their Aurora home.|||"It has gotten to the point where it has become a trap," Lt. Cody Hinojosa said. It is hard, and no one escapes the trail of truth," Hinojosa added. Vasques said that at some point along the way, someone inside the home told police that Vasquez was nearly in love with the teen, but they couldn't reach Vasquez on that. "It doesn't make any sense to them." Vasquez came to the middle of her sister's wedding and did not know Vasquez or her father, Hinojosa said. Authorities have not determined the motive, but Vasquez was found killed after a man spotted her sleeping in the bathroom of the Colorado Springs, Colorado, home, Hinojosa said. Vasquez was taken into custody by sheriff's deputies, the hospital said. Yvonne Huskey, 60, died from starvation and pressure from alcohol, retired nurse Gina Huskey said. "She never drank any alcohol, never had one drink, did not have one drink of vodka. It was an extreme amount of alcohol." It was Vasquez who produced Vasquez's murder weapon, her mother said. Vasquez is accused of taking Vasquez's vodka, leaving her alone and drinking copious ice cream while Vasquez cleaned up, the girl's family said. Three older sisters are in custody, Aurora Mayor Steven Landsbury told CNN affiliate KCNC-TV.
(CNN) -- Green Day's lead singer is seeking treatment for substance abuse, the rock band announced Sunday, two days after the performer's expletive-laden meltdown during a show in Las Vegas.|||Billie Faith and the Revolution's Brandon Flowers. As part of the band's plan for free-flowing medical care, Green Day's membership will be extended. "All of our officers share support of Bill's efforts to seek and maintain a full and sobriety and an environment of sobriety," said Mike Pyle, the band's vice-president for affairs and public policy. "Over the past several years, Bill has overcome an addiction to opiates." The two-time Grammy winner also announced plans to enter a residential program to address suicide attempts, substance abuse, mental health issues, alcoholism and bulimia. Faith's mother passed away earlier this year, and her son has been on a leave of absence from the band for treatment. Last weekend, Flowers became the first member of the band to be arrested in a drama surrounding the red carpet, a tense time of his career that has kept headlines alive for months. Threats followed of violence and assault, prompting charges against Flowers to be dropped and fines totaling more than $1 million. Flowers was also charged with animal abuse and assault. Police issued citations that detailed allegations that Flowers threw to an audience and lobbed a bomb on the stage while frontman and the band's main striker Bobby "Bobby Ray" Dolan was hosting. The Philadelphia man was found guilty in April of hazing, sexual assault and other charges, and is in a federal penitentiary on charges that stemmed from his alleged involvement in the murder of an American Army photographer in 1999.
(CNN)  -- Blind violinist Romel Joseph laid in what he called his "grave" for 18 hours.|||In the months since, Joseph has stayed at a hospital for treatment and exhibited emotional stability on his mobile technology he requested. He called his condition "pretty good." On Monday, doctors cleared Joseph to go home. They hooked him up to a heart rate monitor and ordered him to be medically treated and taught basic skills again. Joseph was taken to his home hospital in Stearns, Minnesota, on Sunday and brought there a day later, in short order. The BMT took him to the Tennessee River Bridge and set him a baritone solo performance. But during that time, he also made many recordings, even on a recorder. Joseph played piano, the guitar, passages from his Gospel Quintet and began playing the bridge bridge, three ways. By himself, Joseph stepped across the bridge, opening himself to local legends and "little jams" from friends. He sang opera and, after a few episodes, he sang as a soloist for concerts. In addition to the bridge that he stepped across, he played at others on a series of bridges throughout the United States. While at the bridge alone, he would also play piano to the guest musicians. Between Baltimore, Maryland, and Richmond, Virginia, he worked at a soup kitchen from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and in a small town in the U.S. Virgin Islands for up to a year and five months before that. "It was very difficult because we had to play the whole country's greatest voices," he said of his playing. The bridges are among two in Minnesota that were listed as suicide targets in 2007. The first was the Holy Cross Bridge, which opened in 1996. At 60 kilometers (37 miles), the Detroit River runs below the bridge's railings. During monsoons, the mud flow can pour on to the bridge, resulting in the need for steel gates and lockers. Metal bars are usually attached to the holes in the steel, while the windows are usually taped with duct tape. As well as the record store, museums, galleries, offices, and subway tunnels. Later, a portion of the bridge bridge tunnels to a tunnel under the metro tunnels in Seattle. Portions of the bridges are long walkways to the train tracks. He hopes to visit those tracks again this summer. When he's finished, he'll play another bridge bridge in his hometown of Libby, Wisconsin. That bridge would be his last.
After 10 days stranded far from home, all 52 passengers from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice have now been transferred by helicopter to an Australian icebreaker.|||After two days at sea and four attempts to collect the stranded crew, they were finally delivered by helicopter to the icebreaker Intracoastal Research Station off the coast of South Australia, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said Wednesday. First five of the flight crew was released Saturday morning, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said. Now all 44 members are in the process of debarking their boat, which was set alight and battered during the ordeal, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said. The skipper walked aboard the Intracoastal Research Station, further south off the coast of South Australia, to watch the four crew onboard take off, saying, "We are the lucky ones." The 52 passengers are on board, 33 on an Iceboard, two on a luxury board that was a 3-meter iceboard. It is their first ocean voyage. They were looking for a ship to use in Antarctica. The International Icebreaking Program said the "de-amputation was an operational problem. It involved overloading icebreakers from around the world." The International Icebreaking Program is a non-profit group that tracks Antarctic ice and places the station at the right altitude for the icebreaker to make the trip in. It is the first incident involving the International Icebreaking Program in 20 years. The ship was carrying 53 of 64 aboard, embarking from Guangdong, China on a small, six-ship mission to a small, Chinese fishing-skimming icebreaking station called South Dog. The Americans asked their ship's directors whether they were seeking aid from the Chinese icebreaking service or the International Rescue Committee. But nothing was happening, the Icebreaking Project said. It took nearly three days to mount a rescue operation, that which involved airlifting and a helicopter. The crew was just missing for a few hours and became panicked when rescuers thought they had trapped on an island in the North Pacific, almost 500 nautical miles (1,300km) off the coast of New South Wales, Australia. Australian and Chinese aircraft were sent to assist with light flak from high-flying flak, a navy aircraft which equipped with radar jams that can cause more damage, and by late last week, weather conditions caused by high winds and storms had drifted the vessel, sending its icebreaker out of range.
(CNN) -- The Golden Gate Bridge got its chance to shine Sunday, with people around the Bay Area flocking to the iconic span to celebrate its 75th birthday.|||California's Golden Gate Bridge is celebrating its 75th anniversary. On Sunday, the massive structure suffered a dangerous clap, destroying about six cars. The owners of the toll-free bridge said it could not continue without a national effort to fix the problem. Officials estimated that the blowout might have caused 25 deaths. Saturday's collapse, which occurred in August, is the second time the bridge has been damaged in just 18 months. It was believed the span may have come into contact with the Liberty Bell while the structure was being renovated. The 2009 crash sparked a long and costly cleanup, which left 30,000 workers without work. Officials said that was in part due to the bridge's own construction problems, which they said contributed to the February 2013 tragedy when the original bridge fell. More than 2,000 workers were injured that day, 29 were found dead, while another in 2013 died from injuries sustained in the summer.
(CNN) -- They say the longest journey starts with a single step.|||The story is a snapshot from inside a footbridge at an Indian border village's state borders crossing. A reporter and photographer present on the ground today, most day, look out at the strikingly startling horizon for what is sometimes fleeting glimpses of life along a new path. The migrant village, Nein Jan, sits on a massive river. It's being covered by hundreds of two-by-three feet of brown puddles and brown boulders, thick and spilling over hundreds of acres. The photographer was approached by two Indian border guards as he took pictures. The four-year-old explains his plight. "There is no mobility, no mobility of self," he says. "What I have to go through is work, right to a job, just a job." The cases from this year have a similar story in previous years, with migrant people trying to find their way out of what the nation called the Black August in northern Australia. The Black August was named for the devastating floods that swept through the area.
Washington (CNN) -- The Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday morning will receive a classified document that seeks to justify the administration's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks, chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said late Wednesday.|||The document, titled "Intelligence And Foreign Policy Is Missing," was compiled by the Defense Department under the direction of Sen. Chuck Hagel, D-N.Y., Feinstein said in a prepared statement. Hagel's amendment to a Defense Department request that the department make the decision regarding foreign policy asked the panel to "avoid the sudden disclosure of classified material" at the request of the White House, Feinstein said. Hagel, a longtime Iowa Republican, "has been under considerable pressure from the Democrats for much of this time to take action to protect America's interest from covert activities overseas, and these briefing documents are one way in which that's doing just that." Senate intelligence director Mike Rogers, R-Georgia, asked the president after the second of several drone attacks on the U.S. military to launch a review of the Obama administration's new domestic policy over this issue. "Mr. President, the classified government report that appears before the Intelligence Committee will validate the president's commitment to continue, if not enhance, his strategy of conducting targeted operations against terrorists in Iraq and neighboring countries," Stevens said in a statement. "Mr. President, it is incumbent on you to explain to Congress, the Committee and the American people, which military action and drone strikes are necessary and proper in the designation of terrorist organizations. The IC will not undertake any additional lawful activities pursuant to the report until after this initial review," he said. Several lawmakers have said the Justice Department should do more to explain the November's drone strikes and have demanded investigations, but Republican Florida Sen. Scott Brown refused to make the request Wednesday.
Paris, France (CNN) -- The French World Cup soccer team appeared to keep their heads down Thursday after returning from the tournament following their surprise first-round exit.|||"The humiliation is not the point for us, although we are young," Moura said. "It is just too late now," he told the video conference room. "There is a lot of work to do." His team, along with former France star Thierry Henry, is looking for a revenge after this year's disappointment -- they were knocked out by Brazil, who put an incredible team pressure on the French, in their second match. Seven players have been booked and four released by UEFA, who later announced they were sanctioning an official ban to allow former French captain Thierry Henry to coach Marseille next season. "We have done everything to prove that we deserve it. We are not at the World Cup, we are at a tournament," Henry said. "All of us can celebrate now. They will carry on being champions. They (Colombians) will never challenge for the top trophy."The French team said the loss was very hard to take but they would now focus on the third group stage, against hosts Qatar.
(CNN) -- Rep. Bill Young of Florida, the longest-serving Republican member of the House, died Friday evening, his chief of staff said.|||Young, 63, had already lost four months of service during the term he served representing the neighboring city of Naples, Florida, Rep. Scott Young's spokesman said. "He was surrounded by family as he said goodbye. He will be deeply missed by his family, friends and colleagues," Young's spokesman said. Young started his law practice as an usher for the Florida Senate in 1978. And he was "a proud member of the Seminole County Senate and its citizens," Sen. Patricia Morgan, who served with him, said Friday. "Unfortunately, the general administration is determined to try and move forward faster in South Florida." Sen. Dennis Hastert "cares about Florida," Sen. Democrat Linda Sanford of Florida, said. "She looks forward to his many contributions for the state of Florida and for our nation as a whole. "Young stood for effective, timely leadership and his death shows that the pace of change in our nation cannot be delayed." Young, a national expert on what factors impact voting ages, gender and races, was married twice. His life used to include campaigning for female and black candidates for the House, the Senate and the Florida House, Morgan said.He was chief of staff for Florida governor Michael Brown from 1997 to 1999.
(CNN)  -- Real Madrid saw off city rivals Atletico Madrid 2-0 on Sunday night to maintain their leadership of Spain's La Liga.|||The triumph continued the trend of a dominant start to the new year in Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring midway through the first half with a stunning, superb cross that drew Atletico level. While the Gunners claimed an early advantage in a Champions League qualifying group match against Juventus, Real charged into the lead when midfielder Joe James headed home a fine corner from Spanish defender Gerard Pique. But Atletico fought back and pulled two goals back with two minutes remaining to deny Real any long-awaited victory, while Sanchez leveled in added time. With the goals leaving Real two points clear of the bottom three, Porto's Diogo Jota hit the woodwork late on but Sergio Alvarez headed wide in the dying stages for the home side. Atletico made goalkeeper Juan Pinto a late call for a penalty and finished the match with three points. Madrid beat Porto 2-0 to keep up their seven-point lead at the top of the Spanish league standings. Can Real draw level with Milan?
(CNN) -- The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday after they were allegedly found fishing in Russian-controlled waters in the Sea of Japan, according to state media.|||The Chinese boat and the three Russian boats were seized Tuesday by the Russian coast guard, state news agency RIA Novosti reported. Citing the German foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, RIA Novosti cited the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Chinese vessels were detained in the Sea of Okhotsk, which extends from about 150 nautical miles (320 kilometers) west to the mouth of the Bay of Kameki in northern Japan, RIA reported. At the time the two vessels were found unoccupied, the ministry said in a statement. In one case, two Russian military jets intercepted and arrested 36 fishermen, according to the ministry. Two fishermen and one Japanese fisherman were killed, according to Japanese media.
(CNN) -- A former commercial pilot has been found guilty of charges that he was intoxicated while co-piloting a flight from Austin, Texas, to Denver in 2009, a federal prosecutor announced Tuesday.|||Barrieden Patrick Beadle, 42, was found guilty of two counts of criminally negligent homicide. He faces up to 50 years in federal prison. Prosecutors had sought the death penalty, said Barry Laing, an Albuquerque FBI spokesman. A state judge overturned the conviction after hearing oral arguments, which were led by attorneys representing Beadle and his co-defendant, Elizabeth Thomas. A passenger aboard the flight noted that Beadle and Thomas "had both become belligerent, which was not the answer we had sought," according to a NTSB investigation. The verdict could take up to a year, said Associate Federal Public Defender David Elzea. Beadle and Thomas were ejected from the plane during the flight and fired from the cockpit. According to the FBI, Air Transportation Safety Board members determined that the crash caused serious damage to the plane and property. The structure of the runway and runway at LaGuardia Airport caused the pilot and co-pilot to lose sight of the runway, smoke in the air and lead passengers to believe that the pilots had become disoriented and possibly incompetent, investigators said. The hearing was held in court in Ashburn, Virginia. Thomas, 45, was an Indian citizen; London's resident Jonathan Sikora, an American citizen; Israeli student Hanan Ahmad, and Sanjiv Randhawa, another American citizen. Tali Asif, a train conductor, was also arrested on suspicion of drunken driving, and a six-year-old passenger suffered minor injuries on board the flight. Authorities said the incident, which left five people hurt, occurred over the course of the day. The plane was on its way from Austin, Texas, to Denver in 2009 when it crashed. There were 82 passengers and crew members on board, the NTSB said. A law enforcement source said Tyler Ernst as an officer on the plane that day said Terry Hegarty was involved in an explosion on the side of the runway when the plane hit the runway, but investigators haven't found that information. Eleven people were treated for minor injuries.
CHARLESTON, South Carolina (CNN)  -- Tropical storm Cristobal was forecast to move "parallel and very close" to the North Carolina coast Sunday morning, but the storm is not expected to make landfall along the eastern U.S. shores.|||Cristobal produced waves and frequent rains in the Carolinas over the past days. Local residents were urged to stay off the ocean until Tuesday to prevent the storm from ravaging the waters of small beaches along eastern U.S. shores. More of Hurricane Jose, which took down more trees and caused thousands of dollars in damage, is moving near Cuba. It likely will turn north. Hurricanes Gustav and Luis are expected to miss the continental U.S. This weekend, CNN's Brian Stelter contributed to this report. The hurricane system moved north Sunday and was forecast to move along a line between Boston and Virginia through next week.
(CNN) -- Faced with a choice between a cash incentive or signing up for a hard day's work, which would you pick?|||The results of CNN's "Freakonomics" poll allow you to see five things that different you might have done differently if it wasn't for your sponsor and the network you chose. Click through the gallery to see your results.(CNN) -- If faced with a choice between a cash incentive or signing up for a hard day's work, which would you pick? Do you really need to know the top five? Let us know in the comments. I can't wait to see which ones win. How would you rather answer this question? Try using the poll tool on CNN iReport.com and search for your name and city to find our poll topic..
St. Petersburg, Florida (CNN) -- As if the pictures of birds, fish and animals killed by floating oil in the Gulf of Mexico are not disturbing enough, scientists now say they have found evidence of another danger lurking underwater.|||Scientists found oil under the Gulf of Mexico. Fish have also been found under the shipwreck of a cruise ship. The study shows that oil from the wellhead on a 41-mile-long line below the ship could be driving fishing boats' overpressure tanks with organisms trapped in it. It also suggests that fish can be affected by nearby oil spills in the same way as on land. A "dead smell in the air" can be produced from floating barrels of oil that are sitting around, and about a week ago, the phenomenon began, the study says. The "dead smell" often comes from oil on the water's surface, but can also produce marine scum, which can be a deadly chemical. The scientists hope more oil hits the ocean floor in the next few days. More marine scientists will be taking samples of oil still drifting through the gulf and testing its safety. But first, there's the reality that an oil spill has placed an interesting juxtaposition of the safety of boats and wildlife. Some scientists say that since the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill, the rogue cargo ships are increasingly using oil off the coast. But for the first time, scientists are seeing oil falling from the water's surface. On board the Intrepid, a 44-foot-long cruise ship, oil has already begun hitting the water's surface. But the researchers plan to continue. Finding oil has become so important to the study that some scientists will use it at the outset. "In order to make sure our expedition is successful and to restore the endangered species that are living in our environment, we have to need oil coming from the ocean," said Yale University researcher Ernest Saint-Pierre, who is leading the research. "There are 80 percent are currently in the water." Among the things that would potentially impact the healthy ecosystems that help create the marine environment if the oil spill were to continue on its current trajectory, the researchers say: "In and on and on it goes." The research comes as the Ocean Conservancy, a nonprofit that works to conserve and restore marine life, is calling for oil-based transportation to be banned in the Gulf of Mexico. "The risk of oil entering the Gulf of Mexico, whether through pipelines or seepage from scalding offshore seeps, goes beyond just any oil tank," said Elizabeth Lewis, senior associate for the Environmental Defense Fund's Coastal Environmental Research Center. Last week, scientists found oil on a cruise ship. A sunken oil tanker, pulled from the Gulf of Mexico, was pulled from the creek in May 2010 after a second ship came close to sinking. CNN's Peter Grzozik contributed to this report.
(CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer.|||But today, during the first week of November, police in Medina, Illinois -- the same city where the shooting occurred -- transferred the case to Livingston County, Oklahoma. At the time, authorities said 42-year-old Robert Manuel sent messages to his father, David, seeking money to buy a horse. One message read, "I don't care who you think I am." This morning, authorities said they pulled the legal mercy warrant against Michael Johnson, 37, from Livingston County, Ohio. It said he "knowingly initiated a crime" when he took money from a car. Johnson sold it to Paul "Wildboy" Ross, 34. He and the other adult in the vehicle were charged with murder, attempted murder, felon in possession of a firearm and rape, court documents said. Bill Cosby, 47, pleaded not guilty to the killing of Dallas Jones, 19, and held a reduced charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. The two had the same address and conducted brief surveillance of the area where the shootings occurred, police said. Cosby pleaded guilty to the second-degree murder charge, and was sentenced to life in prison without parole. He was released Tuesday on $350,000 bail, according to court records. State officials initially charged the defendant with second-degree murder on January 11. He is free on $30,000 bond. That sentence was carried out by a Marion County judge on November 17. A judge ordered Nelson Payne, 48, taken into custody on November 21 on the same charges that led to his conviction, according to court records. The booking photo posted to the victim's Facebook page shows that Gonzalez and another companion of 21 were searching the victim's home for a wallet. Soon, they found the victim's grandfather and his nephew, who was driving. CNN's Kelly Shipley contributed to this report. Follow the latest developments ».
Lisbon, Portugal (CNN)  -- Let's face it, footballers have a bad rep. They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them.|||Mario Defeatada, 44, who scored twice in Wednesday's 3-0 victory over Barcelona in the Spanish La Liga, revealed plans for a new club for which he is contracted. But if he wanted to change the image of the female footballer, he could pay an extra $100,000 a year. Defeatada, who won the Uruguayan league title last season, revealed his plans, telling reporters that he wants to focus on "engaging well within the society that surrounds us" and building on this . He hopes to break further down gender differences. Defeatada's initiative fits with the younger women's movement in the country and they want to share their happiness with one another. One of the women who inspired Defeatada, Ana Teresa Maria Souza, has been playing as a professional football player for a decade. She has played for both Herder Neuenfeld and Paris Saint Germain and she believes football can make women happy. Defeatada, also the lead defender for Platense in the 1999 World Cup, can also be part of the team if she is used to the physical demands of top soccer matches. She has said that she doesn't think she has lost her fighting ability because of the quality of the games she has played. Mr. Souza is well known for her high-octane tactical skills and her reputation for keeping the opposition honest. She has been awarded for her tough tackles and weight-dropping in her weight contests, but she has also experienced "uncommon bouts of frustration" against the likes of Luis Suarez and Juan Mata, according to a 2010 report in the British Journal of Physical Therapy. The winning effort in the World Rugby's weight training competition saw Flores outtain Frenchman Hugo Lloris and the latter romped to the title with more than 320 kg (440 lbs) of bruising power. A former boxing champion and several women footballers have tried to emulate the success story. At Praga, former Juve player and Holland star Ronaldo was linked with the Women's World Cup with a move to Real Madrid. Any footballers who want a shot at the big time, who can be confident about their sexuality? Not Defeatada, it seems. "I want to stand up for my sexuality -- which has as much right in me as my sexuality," the ex-England striker told HLN. The Würzburg-born footballer added: "Football is a force for the good and it's a belief in self worth and ethics." "I don't think people get behind a woman footballer with that kind of feeling and an attitude." Plus, by the end of the week she expects to be richer because she played so much. Despite Defeatada's plea, the club's players are yet to travel to New York City with their squad. However, could this mean that the ladies finally have a shot at the major spot? Determined to prove their worth, Defeatada set up her initiative in a press conference in Madrid to promote her latest project. "Ladies are always the best kind of footballers -- confident, powerful and driven," she told reporters, quoting her autobiography. "They can lift anybody anywhere. And they can move mountains." "The fact is that I want to build a team like this, because of the kind of women we are. We deserve and want to work hard to create something that differentiates ourselves, that specializes ourselves from the world we live in," she said. Cristiano Ronaldo had a good response to the players of the previous World Cup. "It was fantastic, absolutely amazing. I don't want to say a word. But it was impressive. I'm a big Manchester United fan. The players were fantastic -- the atmosphere was fantastic. I am sure they played with the players. They don't say it like a child, they are a proud bunch of guys who want to play every day. And for me the most important thing is that we can say that we don't live and breathe in silence." Linessana Cejal, 49, who gave birth to her first child last summer, said she felt just as excited to be part of the team after receiving all the support her family has received.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- In an "unprecedented" reaction to internal Arab affairs, an Israeli official said the country is getting ready to absorb fleeing Syrian Alawites if the Bashar al-Assad regime falls.|||What become of the exodus could have repercussions for Israel's future? Israel aims to absorb thousands of Alawites who've been displaced, Ziv-Cohen said on Tuesday, adding that the country is on track to take in 300,000 Syrian Alawites by the end of the year. Syria's most powerful Alawite tribe has moved to Jordan to build a historic holy city of Sudan in southern Israel, which can hold Palestinians, Jordanian prisoners and Israeli civilians. It is also expected to be the second-most populous Alawite village after Damascus, he said. The Israelis must prevent "death and displacement of Alawites" to justify the arrival of Palestinian refugees if Syrian President Bashar al-Assad falls. That statement comes despite the recent protests and riots in Syria, which erupted last week after a government plan, mediated by Al Qaeda-linked Lebanese group Hezbollah, was opposed. At a gathering in Istanbul, an Alawite elder urged the Arab world to declare a "national emergency" over the crisis in Syria. Susane El Baraka, author of "Dismiss the Occupation of Syria," has been using diaspora funds for Palestinian institutions and work -- including ex-Israeli defense officials -- to help her community when necessary. She told CNN's Silvia Gahana she wished she were on the ground in Syrian Syria to meet with the Syrian government's leadership "to restore peace, dignity and stability to the Syrian people." "It may not be easy, because the situation has changed so much," she said. Assad has ruled for three decades after his father Alawite leader Hafez al-Assad's death. Alawite head Ali Abdullah Saleh wants to rebuild the alawite city of Sudan, the parliament in Jerusalem, in addition to rebuilding Old City Aleppo. During her remarks at the conference, Israel's Foreign Ministry acknowledged a growing population of displaced Alawites living in the nearby settlement of Toshein, located roughly 20 kilometers (12 miles) north of the city. "I have to say, the alawites all are very good people who stand by me when I am worried, who stand behind me and they do what they have to do to defend their way," she said. Referring to the fall of Saddam Hussein in neighboring Iraq, she said that another group of Alawites who have become prisoners were trying to get through the same border area as fighters from al-Assad's regime, but that is not the case now. "They are not terrorizing us, they are giving us information and training us to fight back so that we can defend ourselves," she said, according to Al-Khaymah Watchdog. Al Awlaki al-Awlaki described the Syrian rebels as "freedom fighters." A handful of rebel troops are still in Iraq.
(CNN) -- Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at a Virginia nuclear plant were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week's 5.8-magnitude earthquake, officials said Thursday.|||The area contained spent fuel, according to official language in a National Weather Service statement, received 5 inches of water during the January 7 earthquake. The zone was initially evacuated last week, officials said. The coastal community of Lynnmore reported a 7.6-magnitude earthquake on that day, two days after the first one, officials said. The next day, which was the second day of the shaking, officials shut the water off. The affected area was about 3 miles (4 kilometers) along the shoreline, the statement said. An unnamed source told CNN that experts estimate that 24 million gallons of spent fuel was stored in the casks of the PLC plant, which closed following the last earthquake last year.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The venerable CBS soap opera "Guiding Light" will go dark in September after 72 years and 16,000 episodes, the network announced Wednesday.|||"Guiding Light" hit as a cult staple on American TV from the late 1960s and early 1970s. The sitcom earned a lot of praise from actors, writers and fans alike for its unconventional premise. A filmmaker known for his groundbreaking animated movie features appeared on the show as the Bizarro Universe launched in 2001. The 90s was rebooted in 2010 for an eight-episode run on Hulu. In 2009, ABC revived the show after years of rumors. "Guiding Light" will begin with a "maximized" trailer to a 1.2-minute intro and then feature more than 4,000 more playbacks and reruns as the show moves into the new era of Web video. YouTube, iReport and HighVibe were the other big media outlets including USA, TBS, BET and NBC, but there were no plans to revive the series with the same Hollywood-heavy fan base. The series now airs at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Hulu and ABC.com.
(CNN) -- A love story released in time for Valentine's Day, bringing together the stars of "The Notebook" (Rachel McAdams) and "Dear John" (Channing Tatum)?|||VIRVINE, California (CNN) -- These are exactly the kind of sparks that are likely to crash the pair's love lives when this movie finally comes out on DVD and Blu-ray next week. "We've decided to do our best to consider this production, and we're thinking so it would fit," producer Michael Corbin said of the romances that came together. Where did all this come from, you ask? Well, it all started with producer Oliver Whitwood, which ultimately took McAdams' character to set and went all the way to the producers and editors. We took the girls on a stroll and introduced them to British TV personality Katy Masters. They added the French actress and late triple threat Jessica Chastain, and the two popped up together to take part in a free matinee show in the Music Row Theatre. The men took turns playing music as part of the New York City cast, and the group spread the word about what was happening at the performance. Film fans took notice. Both stars were nominated for Oscar and Academy Award nominations for their roles, and last year's Best Actress winner Sarah Jessica Parker brought the crowd of just under 100,000 to the Broadway performance. Tatum, who bragged, "I was nervous" to play with McAdams, "but with her we made it work. It was such a big slam, especially for me and her." The afterglow of returning the big-name actors to the movie premieres in theaters next week, as well as an extra matinee show for usher Edwin Weinberg.
(CNN)  -- The Marine Corps' top officer says he would want to avoid housing gay and heterosexual Marines in the same rooms on base if the ban on gays openly serving in the military is lifted.|||FOX: 1 Billion. John Bonamec, an Army captain, told CNN's "60 Minutes" program Thursday that he is "in no way, shape or form" gay and welcomes gay Marines because a constitutional ban on same-sex marriages allows them to serve in the military without fear of retaliation. Just yesterday, he said he was asked whether he would become a member of the military in case such "disputes" exist between gay and heterosexual Marines. "As commander and chief, my right as an officer in this country ... my first priority is to ensure the Marines feel fully able to serve openly," Bonamec said. "I don't have a mandate for my job... to be a member of the military in order to have a commitment to everything that goes with the command, but I am in no way looking at a career for someone who has not served until they leave. And so I don't have a mandate, just an opinion." Bonamec said gay and heterosexual military personnel should not be treated differently than a man from another country, regardless of whether or not they are partners in a relationship with a gay Marine. "I don't, and I am not, someone who is either open or not open about my relationship or anything else to the general population. Now, there are many differences with respect to support people on the military with whom I work. I have always been supportive of and in the military with and with everybody that I have ever worked with, gay or straight. But I think that for some people to insinuate that somehow that one person is outside and out, that the whole military is open and accepted, and that all of the officers that do men and women are in this business is really not going to be able to handle that," he said. Bonamec said gay and heterosexual Marines should be promoted to officer rank at the discretion of the commander, and that they should both be treated the same. "The Marines and men of the military have no problem with their colleagues based on which position of rank they serve or if they are in the military, but they cannot tolerate someone who does not live with them or has not lived with him or her for a decade and puts them in the same areas as other men and women at the command," he said in an interview with CNN. Bonamec was honored by the military community at the Commander's Conference for the National Association of Black and Lesbian Officers (NABBO) conference in California on Wednesday, where he and the chief of staff and seven other top military generals gave their insights into gay Marines at the conference. The minister of the association was openly gay on Wednesday, but did not suggest that the number of gay Marines in the Marine Corps could be increased to 60,000 in the coming years, the promotion of any branch would be the reason to lift the ban. "I think that for now, if the federal government wants to try and get a number of young men and women and lesbians and gay and straight men in the military and into this area of the military ... then by all means, please give us a two-thirds increase and move it up to the four- to five- and six-year range," he said. "That would be my total commitment that the future generations of American military men and women should be male and women and be proud of the unique gifts that we all bring to that community and the unique example that we provide our fellow Americans from our actions to make this country a better place." Bonamec's proposed benefit package is the memo he has been drafted as commander of the Army and that suggests the military will be able to work with gay people without retribution, letting them serve with military officials on the ground and at least have a chance to legally report on the incidents in which their partners have done wrong. The staff memo from Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson also noted that LGBT Marines shouldn't be barred from serving as much as they would in any other form of life, saying that "any military force or group would have better place for it in my opinion." Williams, in addition, said he supports the staff memo, not the expectation that gay and lesbian Marines will be allowed to serve in the military, as long as there is a conscience requirement for the members to be who they are. "I would certainly not put that on there if I were a parent in that position and don't think at the same time that my son would think it was OK to serve with his son or daughter in a group of people who was such that they wouldn't respect the normal rules and procedures and procedures that every Marine needs to have to follow to make their lives work." The Marine Corps study will report back to the military chief and its recommendations later this year. Bonamec said if the ban is lifted, then gay soldiers and other Marines who have served with a wife or man who happens to be gay will be allowed to marry. If so, the military should not be excluded from service. "There can be only two ways of serving in a future conflict with heterosexual Marines,"
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two Supreme Court justices engaged in a late-night exchange of harsh words before the execution early Wednesday of a convicted Tennessee killer who had been sitting on death row for nearly three decades.|||Mandados argued that the death penalty is strict and, because of its power of review, inmates should be allowed to wait for reviews by courts before execution, which currently begins at 5 p.m. PT (7 p.m. ET). The first execution on Tennessee's death row since the late 1960s began Thursday, when Travis Family Justice Center director Howard Boehner was executed by the state of Michigan, Jill Bind of the Solicitor General's office noted. Gonzalez was the first inmate executed in Tennessee since the death penalty was reinstated in 1994. In 1972, Gonzalez was convicted of killing Bill Feinstein, a psychologist, in a violent crime spree the killer held back for two decades. A jury convicted Gonzalez, a first-time offender, of first-degree murder, child abuse and false imprisonment. Federal appeals court judges convicted him of second-degree murder in 1980. He was convicted on two other convictions, with a total penalty of nearly 55 years in prison. Martinez wrote the warrant for Gonzalez. Opponents, including Jennell Bent of Michigan's attorney general's office, argued that the courts should review Gonzalez's life sentence and sentence him to the death penalty as early as possible. Justices Steven Breyer and Orlando Goldenrick heard him argue during a hearing before Gonzalez's execution, but they said they failed to address the concerns of the inmate. Attorneys for Franklin County, Arkansas, and Brad Mullaney and Jan Gettings, the attorneys for prison officials at the Hamilton County, Ohio, jail, held the meetings Thursday. They argued in their presentations before the parole board that Gonzalez can receive clemency before next month's election. Others, including federal Attorney General Eric Holder, urged the death penalty to be stopped before the November election, which will make the country less polarized. Jeffrey Westmoreland, the attorney general's spokesman, in a written statement argued that the sentences of Anderson IV and Annie Medcalf should be upheld because their executions were in good faith, in accordance with the nation's Supreme Court. "These questions are extremely premature, and ... it is not appropriate to rush into any judgment. James Madison would have allowed this decision before the general election," Westmoreland said. "We honor his death, but we should not rush to any judgments on this." Another plea from one of the attorneys who helped Gonzalez posthumously tried the perpetrator, Jane Brown Doty, said she was concerned Gonzalez would try to live after his execution. "First, of course, the possibility of permanent re-appeals has to be weighed," Jones told the court. "We need this case settled." Meanwhile, DNA testing to identify Cruz's victims began late Tuesday night. She has made three unsuccessful appeals before the Supreme Court, including an appeal last year to award clemency, Gen. Geneva Herbert of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit said.
(CNN) -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher will retire from Formula One at the end of the season.|||According to the German motorsport world governing body, formula racing's governing body, FOM, Schumacher, who is currently 43, is to be passed on at the end of the season. Ferrari took the decision to retire from the sport after becoming reluctant to switch to turbocharged engines, but Mercedes splinter after not managing a single race since falling out with its brother manufacturer at the end of last season. Said FOM spokesman Klaus Hoch-Scharffen said on Thursday: "On Sunday in Rome, he (Schumacher) said: 'Germany is my home. After three years driving as a Renault driver and having also won the world titles in F1, Abu Dhabi and McLaren, his time is up. He will continue to drive for another two years in the F1 series. 'It's not over for this team. Today's our race is his last race. We know it's him. He's such a great guy. I know it's his final year at the wheel. 'These guys love racing and not just everybody who drives for them, but I can remember many special moments, amazing moments like Bahrain, and my team's meeting with him in Suzuka the other day. "He will be remembered as the greatest driver in Formula One, by everyone."He will leave F1 with a lot of memories. ... He was a first-class driver in his era, but can still find a way to enjoy it. He is very pleased with the legacy he has left for these four years and has never looked back. "He will be very much missed. "For us, it has been a privilege. "I want to thank all the Mercedes guys for their efforts over the years. "I want to thank them for everything that they have achieved for me in my career. "I am very pleased to have seen how they developed this performance package together. Also an amazing personality. Thank you Ferrari motorsport. "So welcome back."
(CNN) -- Are you reading this article on your cell phone or tablet? These days, that makes you pretty normal, especially if you're American, according to a recent report from comScore.|||According to the information gathered from Google Docs, as many as half of you had to move away from a desktop computer or tablet device in the last few years. "This leaves you with nine different ways to use a personal device these days," explains Joe Wieczorek, senior vice president at Zogby. According to CBS Interactive, it's changing how you access information online. Wieczorek says it was big growth for Macs that came out last year, and "some of the most talked about things on PCs as well as mobile phones is that they are easier to carry and update." Refer to the list of 10 gadgets that work wonders on a tablet or smartphone. Things such as "Two handsets in one," "Arrival," and "No need to ask your parents if they can re-adjust your tablet" can be tested to see how they work. It also includes "Hands On," which is used in a mobile phone's introductory video program. Wieczorek explains that these are primarily used to get updates from friends and family. "Lol, you would really never know who's on here, we're on all these sites," he says. "The sites you typically look at is the latest in emerging technologies." Though there's still a place for desktop computers and computers in most homes, they make way for new gadgets, not just mobile ones. Just last week, for example, Google released its latest version of Android phone, and it ended up at the top of the charts. It was in second place behind Samsung's newest smartphones, which are the world's fastest selling Android mobile device. Wieczorek says that people tend to start using these newer mobile devices more during their holiday or spring months because of the "gig-in-the-moment nature" of those devices. "Many people try to maximize social media use because of a similar offering," he says. "So many people start in the day, not knowing how to use the devices in the hours before and then the hours before the new one lands on their desk." Except that those things don't even really make sense when the Christmas or holiday season hits. Wieczorek says a lot of this reliance on smartphones is "in response to the new and emerging web-based mobile devices." Follow TechCrunch along with Google and social media. Connectivity is a growing, hot topic, especially among the younger generations, Wieczorek adds.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina despite objections from La Liga side Real Madrid.|||Real Madrid have confirmed that Cristiano Ronaldo is not part of the team named for the two-legged Europe match against Bosnia-Herzegovina on Thursday. Real's Iker Casillas decided to withdraw the Real captain from the squad after he picked up a thigh injury in the famous Champions League final against Barcelona in July, a decision that has continued to frustrate the world's top footballer. "Today, we talked to him (Ronaldo), we explained the situation, it was totally behind him. We are in agreement that he can participate in the World Cup match in Russia," Real told UEFA's website. "And I believe that it is a decision that he wants to take and we are quite happy with that decision." Ronaldo had been refused permission to travel to Bosnia by Real president Florentino Perez and played in only one European match in the last few months, turning down an invitation to join Colombia at the World Cup. Born in Germany in 1984, the former Manchester United footballer has won the Euro 2000 as both captain and leading goalscorer, but is now sidelined with a groin injury. Ronaldo has already missed World Cup qualifiers following injury, but set to feature against Bosnia on Thursday. He also played a decisive part in Portugal's 3-2 win over the Czech Republic, but will be missed in the Euro 2016 quarter-final following the most recent Confederations Cup defeat. Mario Balotelli made his World Cup debut for Italy in 2009 but was an unused substitute in the second leg against Spain and has not been a constant player for his country in recent finals.
(CNN)As relatives and friends mourn the loss of their loved ones aboard Germanwings Flight 9525, the world community is stunned by the sequence of events that led to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely crashing the plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.|||The jet carrying 114 people from the small German state of Tuscany to the Danes, Belgium, and France during a European holiday reportedly made its first appearance in Germany on a Tuesday evening. Two of the hijackers -- one Australian and another British -- meticulously had the plane meticulously and precisely packed, German interior minister Herbert Diemer said on Tuesday at the briefing at the Prosecutor's office in Berlin. He described Lubitz as part of an international terror cell working for the hijackers. Authorities found the contraband "meaningfully lacking" and four military letters inside the jet but had no indication the ship was heading to Egypt or Algeria, he added. "Once the marks were put on the plane," Diemer said, "that was a turning point ... we had to act very decisively." Among the indications were one "strong connection between the cabin crew and the state of the plane," Diemer said. Details about the crew, who said they had extensive knowledge of security, have not been made public. In addition, passengers were given privacy leave throughout the day on Tuesday as German security forces searched the site of the accident in Hanover near the German capital, the interior ministry said. Their previous privacy leave covering the cabin of the flight and the security teams gathered in Hanover, German officials said in a statement. The texts marked as the final hours before the crash included an eerie series of punctuation marks, Diemer said. "This was something a first-time commander would have seen," he said. Robert Volz, the chairman of the National Federation of Germanwings said investigators had found no "illintent on putting down the plane." In the TV interview, Peter Schaeffer, chief investigator of the country's top law enforcement body, said investigators had found evidence of restraint from other members of the flight crew and passengers on the day the plane disappeared.
(CNN) -- President Barack Obama is visiting China, Myanmar and Australia this week for a series of key regional summits. The trip is his first opportunity since his Democratic Party's massive defeat in the midterm elections to demonstrate the power of the presidency.|||President Obama will travel to Beijing, Burma, Thailand and Australia from Wednesday to Sunday. With China and Myanmar the leaders of the three nations will meet on several regional issues -- trade, environmental protection and human rights -- during the trip. Obama will also meet with leaders of North Korea and Australia in Perth, Australia, where a planned United Nations peacekeeping mission is scheduled to land in early October. The three cities -- Beijing, Myanmar and Australia -- host two world leaders from the region, North Korea's Kim Jong Un and Australia's Tony Blair. All three countries -- China and North Korea -- have been in a state of economic crisis since the North's 2007 North-South War, and the nations have disputed trade and lending transactions. But by Beijing's side, Obama's visits will help channel and strengthen relationships that will be vital to efforts to reduce ties between North and South Korea and China's economically troubled neighbor and arch-rival, the U.S. and other regional powers. In the past, Obama's top foreign policy priorities have been Washington's economic engagement with Europe, the Middle East and North Africa. In addition, the former president wants to see the U.S. continue to be an important arms exporter to Asia, a strategy that he says has been a key motivator of the modernization of Asia. While in other nations, Obama will address key economic issues during his trip. The leaders will meet on Wednesday, including leaders from Japan, South Korea, China, the U.S., Mexico, Germany and Hong Kong. "We'd welcome the opening of North and South Korea together," Obama said. He told state-run media that he had "a lot of words of welcome" for Xi Jinping, leader of the communist party, to China. But he spoke only one word to Xi when asked whether he could discuss the financial crisis in China with the president in private: "That has happened -- it is the subject of talks," Obama said. But the president is "hoping that the discussion there will be about a host of issues that we're in the middle of -- like the global economy and trade deficits, and so forth, and deals that will make economic relations better for everyone in this region." The trip is Obama's first to the region since his Democratic Party's massive defeat in the midterm elections in November.
(CNN) -- The PlayStation Vita is extending its reach into video and voice calling with the release of a Skype app for the mobile gaming device.|||A new version of Skype supports global voice calling using mobile devices, allowing users to control their personal video chat. Players can click, tap, swipe and multitask with a computer mouse or a mouse controller for a touch interface. In addition, Skype lets users use the gaming console's remotes (the camera, the microphone, and the remote) to build characters, videos and chat through voice and text, as well as post online. "Everyone will be better off with each other and we've made certain Skype can handle a variety of gameplay situations," said Jaime Soto, vice president of marketing and communications, the company. "We think Skype is a great way to enrich this experience so we had absolutely no hesitation to make this a one-touch platform for voice calling." According to the game press release, the app is compatible with different gaming devices, including the Vita portable game controller. PlayStation Home, the handheld gaming device that Sony originally released, will ship with the game in September. Already Sony has released accessories for the device, including a headset that can provide feedback and a remote control compatible with wires and wires. These other accessories have also been made available through the PlayStation Store. According to the company's research, the Vita is more than fit for most gamers, with advanced on-screen notifications and a faster-paced, more natural-looking screen. Multiplayer games are supported, alongside traditional entertainment. The PlayStation Home voice headset can also be set up with a multimedia display to allow a four-way virtual conversation to happen through voice and video. When the headset is properly set up, the audio can be heard through the sound system. What you don't need is a real audio device, the company said. The upsell may be even cheaper if you use other development platforms for enabling video and voice calling. Sony believes the company can begin to catch up in a few years by optimizing its operating system in an effort to make the Vita a true interactive computing platform. The company said that video and voice calling functionality on the PlayStation Vita is already done for several games in the PlayStation Plus and PlayStation Storyline titles. That could be incredibly useful for some of the ongoing customers' difficulties in playing games and simultaneously texting during active multiplayer hours, including those involving intense workouts, intense dance moves and high-intensity, choreographed dance choreographies. "Instead of real-time motion and dance in a HD (HD) viewing environment, the PS Vita will be able to provide an easy-to-interpret AR interface that can allow players to select from four virtual viewing areas. Additionally, the PS Vita can display the following external world scenarios in the PlayStation Store." Since the app was announced, the game world has been showing off new, more interactive gameplay videos starring actors in fighting and dancing games, and messaging notifications coming later this month. PS Vita mobile games get their own voice and video alerts. "Voice will be activated when a window on the screen is full. Game will also be available for on-line games such as FitMystic or Photon.com and PS360 Virtual Reality games with no user interaction required," PlayStation said in the PlayStation Web site. A PlayStation 4 with an augmented reality display for users, but a real-time virtual reality interface and support for games will also be available.
(CNN) -- Okay, so Alec Baldwin isn't the world's most sympathetic character. He throws tantrums, smacks the occasional photographer and was once caught on tape calling his preteen daughter a "thoughtless little pig."|||An early-2000s on-screen husband who was part of a sex tape -- including a snub of his own child's birthday party at age 12 -- ultimately posed as his own mom, who was meant to play the role on show. Following his appearance on the Today show, Alec Baldwin's mother, Janet White, who hid behind her legs as her client called her "Mrs. Baldwin." Then, abruptly ending the taping, Baldwin launched a cryptic "good bye" note on social media. Not everyone found the message funny, and social media, in general, took note. Commenters named the tweets as "sex jokes," 'funny' and 'wrong' and accused Baldwin of sending them, among other things, to his elderly neighbor. But in this age of crying on screen (who would?) some of the more eloquent stuff occurred:. "A bit harsh," says CNN personality Bridget Moynahan. "Is it just me, Alec? Dad, no offense," says Ken Silver. Then there are his choice of "alternative facts," or the "false facts" people try to tell him. People are concerned about his ex-wife's health -- she recently gave birth to twins at the age of 41 -- but don't think it makes for much of a deeper understanding. CNN talks to Alec Baldwin about 'Today' with a psychologist at L.A.'s Mount Sinai. And what of those "stupid slogans" that were used to campaign for Colin Farrell's success as an actor? "Enough people have told me that anything you say will never be credible. ... At this point, I just want the campaign that people on the campaign trail used to make fun of me for," said actress and columnist Annenberg Entertainment Group CEO Amy Adamson. "Of course it's going to be the pretentious, attention-seeking, aggressive one." And then, there's Baldwin, who is also a columnist for Time Magazine. Whether he has less than 100 followers on Twitter or 50, he gets tons of love.
(CNN) -- Passengers on a United Airlines flight on Monday helped subdue a man who they said stood up and screamed about the CIA, national security leaks and poison.|||Unitedjet passengers helped quell a crisis sparked by fears about airplane security. Those concerns led to the emergency treatment of one passenger after he allegedly threatened flight attendants and boarded a nearby plane, according to police and information provided to CNN by a United spokeswoman. Other passengers asked police and flight staff to separate the two, but the airline employees denied that. Also, one of the flights' flight crew got off his plane and was separated from the party, the spokeswoman told CNN. United removed the five people from the plane and taken the five remaining people to a hospital, she said.
President Barack Obama and John McCain are once again at odds over national security: this time, it's over the North Korean cyberattack on Sony Pictures.|||During the course of the week, Obama also invited a number of diplomats, Chinese diplomats and defectors to question Sen. John McCain about, among other things, the role he might play in helping the U.S. general arm the island nation, the senator said. "Let's remember that President Eisenhower let President Monroe do much of what he can," McCain said. But Obama disagreed. "Mr. President, I put forward a very clear and clear request that the Secretary of State send our State Department specialists to North Korea to make sure that we can now enter into meaningful negotiations with North Korea to withdraw its missiles," Obama said. That, he added, was 'a very good endorsement.' Later that day, McCain released a statement that he described Obama as "sick and tired." The Senate is meeting on Wednesday in response to the North Korean cyberattack on the Sony Pictures entertainment giant. Meanwhile, the government has closed down the North Korean website and alerted the international community. NBC's John Shipp contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- British newspapers are abuzz with speculation that Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine is expecting a girl after a member of the public reported hearing what seemed to be a hint that a daughter is on the way.|||But a witness, who spoke anonymously because he was not authorized to speak to the media, said he had heard Prince William and Catherine welcoming their first child. "It was like it was delivered on a day, or perhaps a morning. Even the strangest thing was I didn't quite get it," the woman said. "But people looked up, and saw Prince William with Catherine. "I just thought we were trying to prove our position." The woman, who told reporters she wasn't allowed to say more on the record because she feared her husband's safety, fears what she told the press. She believed the baby was a girl, and did not mention a Duke or Duchess, but she did say it was the couple's first child. "What does this mean for her life, of course it means that I feel confident that she's doing well." She said she had spoken to Princess Diana in January 2001, who was pregnant at the time. In a little over a year, Diana will meet a second child. A brother for her last child, Prince George, was born in November 2001. After his hospitalization for the birth of their son, William declared he wanted another royal baby. William announced he had intended to wed his first wife, Princess Diana, just prior to becoming King William and making her the first wife of Queen Elizabeth II. William, 36, and Catherine, 33, married in May last year, after 10 months of engagement.
More than 220 people have been rescued after two ice floes broke off from the Latvian coast and were blown into the Gulf of Riga, Latvian emergency services said Friday.|||At least 243 people were rescued, but 33 people suffered serious injuries, the Vilnius-based Latvian Emergency Care Centre said. Some of them are still missing, EMSV rescuers said. The area was cut off by the floes early Friday afternoon and icy parts of the Gulf of Riga became icy again earlier in the day. Gas turbine blowers blew the floes off the coast, forcing a truck to float down the sea, said Kozma Karabas, regional emergency coordinator for the northeast of the nation. The disaster occurred as a result of the explosion of a 1.5-m (5-foot) iceberg.   "The power of the ice is being quickly applied to gain a grip," Karabas said, adding that a plane from a power plant had been ordered in some areas to tackle the situation. Alarm over conditions came three days before the holiday. About 231 people from 26 countries have come to Latvia since Friday to help. More than 375 skiers and snowboarders made emergency plans this week. One person was safely evacuated. Zelle Mehrin, a tourist from Bulgaria, arrived Friday morning and was brought to Gaidar, in central Latvia, with another 40 people, German TV reported. Folks could not leave the port of Nikolsk and were "alarmed" by the conditions, media said. Three sheriffs in Germania were also flown to help. Pavlos Barbossas, a representative from Guardia Civil in the central city of Valga, said emergency services had been notified of the crash late Thursday night. Rescue efforts in the area -- where Russia has settled -- are ongoing. Heavy rains also hindered authorities Friday and Saturday, according to the coast guard. It said its weather operations were effective. Authorities have sent 5,000 coast guard personnel to rescue victims from the regions of Laje, Motu and Riga. Some evacuees were transported by sea off the southeast coastal town of Aue in the Gulf of Riga, a Reuters reported. Jordan Levine of Illinois state rescue agency told CNN that seven people were rescued from the sea after the ice floes broke off.
(CNN) -- A CNN iReport showing people dancing on the floor of the North Carolina House of Representatives near the end of its legislative session is causing a bit of a stir.|||The 28-second show, on NBC's "Good Morning America," showed people, who were taking advantage of an opportunity to observe the legislative procedures in Washington, D.C. -- "You're supposed to observe parliamentary procedures with all the things you've seen on television, on a sidewalk on the sidewalk and the Washington, D.C. sidewalk," a law enforcement official in the scene said. The officials used a variety of official motionless settings, including those showing the choreography of a jam. The officer apparently found this routine absurd and began to get angry. During the jam, a female performer suddenly made an effort to dance on the floor, but was stopped several seconds into it. She asked if she could have been observed. The lawmaker in the video said yes. She didn't answer what the law might have been at work. Law enforcement officials were reviewing the video for signs of criminal activity. The lawmaker, Mike Mulkey, also said he has the authority to bring the matter to a committee hearing before going to the police. McLeary told CNN that there is "no time limit on actually observing legislative procedures" and that it was called a question of procedure, saying, "Call and say that you would like to have it investigated." CNN iReport host Perry Craig contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A 12-year-old girl allegedly kidnapped in South Carolina is back home after federal agents arrested the man accused of taking her, the FBI said Friday.|||FBI: Claire Starr's family told CNN that she "is recovering well" and will soon be released from the Illinois hospital where she has been held since she was kidnapped. Her hand was in a "joint" surgery after she went into surgery Thursday, the FBI said in a statement. The suspect, Henry R. Woodall, was arrested Thursday evening after a "very long and complex" investigation and a tip to police, the FBI said. The FBI was using interstate resources, an FBI source told CNN. Woodall, who is 25 and from Houston, Texas, had last been in custody for a recent crime -- driving a truck with a 16-year-old boy to meet gang members in Rio Grande, Texas. When he crossed from Texas into the state of North Carolina, Woodall told authorities he took the boy's sister to an abandoned farm in order to show her a "good friend" his older brother was in the gang. The 12-year-old girl told authorities that she was abducted and asked to go with Woodall on another dark-tinted mission, the FBI said. Woodall, who was on probation at the time, was eventually released on parole. Prosecutors have said Woodall used false information to get custody of Claire Starr. Woodall used the name Jim Newland on his Facebook page. He is on indefinite hold. Woodall is being held without bond on outstanding criminal charges of kidnapping and child endangerment. Woodall did not immediately return CNN's calls for comment. The town of Pineville is the end point for Woodall's latest attempt to get control of the daughter. When she escaped on Tuesday, Woodall told police that he acted on his release agreement. Woodall bought the girl a backpack and told a friend that she was a heroin addict with hepatitis, Woodall said. Woodall, though, said he wanted "retaliation," but the FBI declined to release details. Woodall will remain in custody until prosecutors can decide whether to press charges against Woodall. Woodall had been under arrest since August for kidnapping and child endangerment, police said, although Woodall now had full freedom and is walking with a deputy. The family has lost power in the community. After his sister's abduction, Woodall began a round-the-clock television talk show.
The Venezuelan government says it is investigating allegations that unauthorized Brazilian gold miners killed dozens of Yanomami Indians in an attack in the Venezuelan Amazon.|||The Interpolicia Nacional de Mineração says the attack may have targeted fellow workers and farmers in the farming region on the Amazon River who were collecting trash from workers already employed there. Luis Aldezcar Garzuelo, a laborer in the region, said the attack was carried out by unknown attackers. Many Yanomami Indians are miners working in the basin, taking advantage of a law that bars illegal mining activity to earn higher wages. The council said the attack may have prompted the mining, which comes at a time when the region is experiencing its worst drought since World War II. Yanomami Indians are traditional hunters of mercury, according to the United Nations. Many help harvest crops and construct local economies.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- An elderly woman infected with a strain of avian flu that is rarely seen in humans died in China earlier this month -- marking the first human fatality from the H10N8 virus.|||The H10N8 virus is the new strain of influenza that is being widely passed around and has killed at least seven people in China so far, the World Health Organization says. The development marks the first time that a lethal bird flu virus has been known to kill a human. It is the ninth year since the use of poultry as a source of food is banned and a Chinese government alert is in place on the containment of foodborne virus. Three other poultry birds and two aircraft were declared dead Friday after authorities closed four airports where they had been kept. Another poultry test positive at another of the virus's targets, a facility in Yichang City in Central China, came back negative. There is no evidence to suggest the flu is spreading to humans at this time, but the Chinese government and media are raising concerns about the spread of bird flu in the country -- because outbreaks like the small cases reported this week date back almost to its first human case. It is not known what type of the H10N8 virus has occurred in domestic poultry but a human has been killed in China already this year, three weeks after another. Earlier this month, hundreds of tourists were hospitalized in China after they came in contact with the virus, the spokesman for Yangtze County government, Wang Junju, told CNN. Wang won't say whether the province will be involved in a wider health-care review of China and its regulations. The health ministry also announced in March that a fresh survey will begin this month on the health and safety of patients and visitors. Deng Xiaoping, the nation's first president from a dynasty of nearly 400 families -- the Qing dynasty has lived in China since 1947 -- died of complications of the H1N1 bird flu virus in 1988, at age 59. His death sparked fears of a pandemic. More than 300 million people have died from bird flu since then, which has spread from China to Hong Kong, the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou and throughout Asia. Since he died, Wang took steps to prevent further animal deaths in China and stopped import of seasonal production of pheasants and homing pigeons to Hong Kong. "You could make a terrible mistake by the dangerous mistake," he said. The pandemic killed more than 650,000 people in China, much of them in the far west.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Lindsay Lohan missed her flight back home from a Hawaiian vacation, but she will be back in Los Angeles in time for an important court appearance Wednesday, her spokesman said Tuesday.|||Lindsay.com reports from Hollywood, Calif. "Lindsay Lohan missed a flight back home early Wednesday because she wanted to attend her daughter Ashley's wedding in Florida. She's also too busy with her real estate business to attend this court date, Lindsay Lohan said. "That's what I told her when I picked her up at LAX," Lindsay Lohan's spokesman said in a statement. The 41-year-old actress, who grew up in Los Angeles and has appeared in roles in movies like "Moneyball," ''Up" and "Family Guy," has been involved in an on-and-off relationship with Ashley Taylor for the last year, Lohan's spokesman said. The two of them married in June 2007 and celebrated their marriage last August, before the pair broke up in May 2009 because of complications from Lohan's cocaine addiction. Taylor came under scrutiny this month when a surreptitious videotape surfaced in which Lohan discusses a drug addiction and makes the reference that she is stepping aside from acting and becoming a "psycho. "They'd discussed bringing this up in these movies," Lohan said in the video, referring to her own success. But when TMZ started posting the video that December, Lohan snapped pictures of the so-called "psycho. "That's when her husband opened up to me and said he had some bad news -- I haven't slept in months," the scandal struck after the two married in Florida, where Taylor had been staying. "I didn't sleep, and I wasn't trying to sleep," Lohan said when she picked her suitcase up in Los Angeles. "My husband did a lot of things for me so I didn't have the choice, but I would always come back here," she said. Lohan's last week in Los Angeles was spent on the private tropical island of Maui. It also included a 3.5-mile flight from Waikiki to Pohono O'Hara and the hotel where Lohan rented a penthouse suite, said Catherine St. Louis, spokeswoman for the Westin Los Angeles. She said that the hotel would be closed by Tuesday afternoon after the staff told her they had to "remain on site to escort her to and from her flight." She explained to CNN that she had rented a room for two days for the day at the hotel. "We have the security here so everything will be fine," she said. "The first thing that must happen is I have to get on that plane." St Louis reported that Lohan brought her daughter back to Los Angeles from Florida. CNN's Chris Neigher contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- A judge's claim that she was ordered to always rule in the U.S. Coast Guard's favor in cases against civilian mariners cannot be substantiated, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general concluded Tuesday.|||President Barack Obama issued a directive in May that the Coast Guard and naval officers who are sworn to uphold the Constitution of the United States "all will perform their duties to the best of their ability. We owe nothing in that regard to any U.S. Coast Guard personnel other than the service's officers." Inspector General Arnold Johnson also agreed with the president, saying "the percentage of officers maintaining records that way must be fairly considerable." At issue was surveillance capability aboard Coast Guard boats and port facilities, which to the extent possible, may have a negative impact on mariners' safety. It could also lead to lower penalties for marine law violations, according to the inspector general. Coast Guard officers leave the harbor to safer conditions and should have an opportunity to quickly recover a lost or damaged vessel, he said. The review also found that "the Coast Guard prohibited the captain from sailing near suspicious-looking objects, which would criminalize boarding vessels." In addition, he found that the investigation had ignored clearly how many, if any, vessels are kept away from harbor facilities. "In many cases, over 20,000 pieces of debris, including lanterns, supplies and life jackets, were found on the wake of the captain's vessel and in adjacent water near the captain's vessel. We were disappointed in that failure to close the gap between the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies concerning not only basic procedures but also standards in internalized policies and procedures related to maritime incident resolution." The report was submitted to the Treasury Department in December and immediately made public this week. CNN's Erica Duschnall contributed to this report.
(Ars Technica) -- Buying a home video game console may soon become a lot more like buying a cell phone, according to a new report suggesting Microsoft is planning to offer a subsidized, $99 bundle including a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor to anyone who commits to two years of a new, $15 monthly online service package.|||"We're seeing good customers for [this]," Columbia Strategy Group in a recent preview report. "We're not so sure whether it's going to be a silver-light solution... but we are planning to offer it a range of versions of it." More details came to light with the article from G.O.A.T. and according to a source close to Microsoft. The report suggests Microsoft has plans to make Xbox One the official home video game console for first-time or existing Xbox owners, which makes some sense. It includes the current web browser version of Xbox, a home media catalog, GameSpot, and Bing, some way to play popular games on the live Xbox 360 TV, including football games and smaller ones, that even more games from the Xbox catalog are available to play. Microsoft reportedly put a price on the software and hardware bundles early this year. We think we know a price: download the Xbox Live Gold membership for $15 a month and then save $15 per year if you use your subscription as well as get the home console software for free or as a Virtual Reality companion for $35 a month. More than 12 million Wii U virtual-game players are estimated to use the service each month. Those with a Wii U virtual-game controller and its accompanying games will be able to download games in real-time, as well as control their settings in real time on a virtual console, the report notes. Microsoft is planning to get much of its gaming videos bundled with special gameplay packages, it notes, such as the Barbie "Weird World" television show. And celebrities have been blogging and uploading free games, too, including soccer players, soccer team Ars Technica reported back in January. Earlier this month, USA TODAY reported that gamers can order online game controllers from Blizzard, with its Zune and PlayStation Move models, starting at $19.99 and $29.99 respectively. We'll likely hear more about this during this holiday season when United States Soccer begins previewing its new soccer game, Gremlins: Ultimate, on November 19. In the past, the team that created the site: Swetland.com and Microsoft Stores have used piracy to build some of their new merchandise. We will be reporting on other commentary on the Microsoft virtual game system at the International Game Developers Conference and on Ars' Future section at 9/30/13.
(CNN) -- Standing 6 feet 3 inches (1.9 meters) tall and with a shaved head, fashion designer Ozwald Boateng often cuts a dash as much as his tailored suits.|||Hudul Ahmed Shahroud -- who wrote that Quran didn't understand the European language -- launched his own expressionist business in the West African nation in 2014, running the line Bombo. But what launched the designer's brand was his first menswear line, which debuted last year. Mohamed Ehsan Abdul Razzak -- who once struggled with the words in the Ottoman Muslim Book of Ash-Shabab -- showcased a black kilt with his name embroidered on it. "It's a great way to show off the versatility of my menswear," Ehsan told CNN. "All designers are artists as well," Ehsan said. The designer has also launched the line of Altus Welles -- a women's menswear collection -- featuring pieces worn by Berliner actors including Elizabeth Isachen-Henning and Isabelle Huppert as well as Somali refugee, Haruna Hassan and a gown created by Chicago-based design collective, Swans for Design. The collection has been created in the city and followed by Swans of Chicago, Swans for Design: design for women, which also includes Wokerztoohood, designers of a campaign supporting Ahmed X. Aroni. Bilal Hilal Cohen is also a Swans alum -- a man who is the only person to have a name change on his portfolio. An online shop for Swans for Design: men's menswear continues to emerge, as yet with only six dresses so far.
(CNN) -- Every syllable that could have possibly been uttered on Rosen v. Romney, the latest offshoot of the demonstrably dopey Democrat-fabricated "War on Women" has already been said.|||Wednesday evening's CNN poll pitted a supposedly "conspiracy theory" against a little woman: whether Arizona Sen. Youngak Rosen is running to be president or conservative presidential candidate Mitt Romney is. This is politically radioactive stuff. Obama's accusations are old-fashioned, absurd and wildly overblown. The facts don't lie. "Proponents of Obama's record on women want to portray it as targeting women's reproductive health because they don't want other women to gain equal rights," Sen. Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, said. But there is little to see in her criticism, given the facts. "Is this just the latest manifestation of an old-fashioned, right-wing conspiracy theory -- about the fact that Obama has a problem with women's basic human rights," Hirono said. "How many times have we seen Obama make claims like this? With other people already in office now in separate positions? How can he get an apology if it's coming from other people's own ex-wives?" In another private phone conversation between our two Senate colleagues in 2012, Obama talked up Rosen's case and reiterated his rhetoric on women's rights, assuring them of "a progressive agenda." "Women are the public and by our laws, and by our laws, we're the public." But how many words are there in Obama's letter? So much so that he deviated from his ragin' attitude and attacked people like Rosanna Polanco and Ruth Reed. Polanco is now suing Obama over Rosanna. Polanco is one of the few attorneys working to combat a widespread problem of gender-based violence in the United States. She filed a suit against Obama using Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 -- a law guaranteeing equal protection to the rights of every person in the United States -- in 2010. And the lawsuit was later thrown out in part by Judge District Judge Glenn Friedrich. "Rosa was doing exactly what is necessary to ensure fair treatment by protecting women's rights against sex discrimination," Roberts wrote in a blog post. According to the 2008 Census, 56% of eligible voters in the United States were female. That is why it is so troubling that partisan politics continues to act as a primary recruitment tool to black and Latino voters at a time when they are in great need of a certain amount of female votes. Obama made a speech on this very issue a year ago. This was his opportunity to change a course in the broader political conversation in the United States. He announced it at a White House event after Fox News host Glenn Beck delivered the most frightening anti-woman rant in a quarter century. "Let's go back to reality," Obama said, ignoring the facts. "The president's solution to this problem -- to do away with some of the abuses that women have been subject to -- is to legislate that women must work smarter, they must work harder, they must pay more and they should get more hours. There is no plan B. And even worse, there is no plan C." Americans must pay more to participate in their own political systems and elect candidates who are respectful of women and who consider women and their jobs more than just sexual power. This is how women's voices count. We should consider whether a party's motto should be: "When we believe in someone, we will walk and we will listen." Why is keeping women out of politics a dangerous path to full equality, given how far we have fallen from when Obama was running for president? Today, Obama is in Colorado Springs telling middle-class white men that girls need to work harder for everything they get. This is basically a remarkable line from a demagoguery by someone who would campaign against Sen. John McCain's candidacy. As if a woman's character, job security and safety should determine her vote, not the Party or its ideology. This is an enormous inversion of the political rules and a blatant attempt to play the social game of politics. Oh, and in the meantime, this person has written an equally dangerous proposal to raise a fine. Obamacare gives birth control and abortion, not contraception. But both law allow access to contraception for up to three birth control pills. So something that didn't happen four years ago isn't actually about contraception, it's about access to birth control. Much of the contraceptive use was illegal before, and you would never know it if it had happened, because it was completely legal. Feminists and Democrats are extremely overstating things that even government officials have said. What's got to be done is to stop twisting words that don't add up. All too often, we're left with an understatement -- sometimes a bit of an understatement.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Boys may soon be able to get Gardasil, the vaccine given to girls and young women to prevent infection by four types of human papillomavirus.|||Some 25,000 Americans with cervical cancer have been receiving Gardasil. The Gardasil vaccine protects against papillomavirus, a virus not often passed to women, through a retrovirus called hpat and is only seen in women aged 18 to 32. The American Association for Cancer Research predicts that will be 82,000 cervical cancers and about 200,000 cervical cancer cases in 2012, up from 70,000 in 2005. It has no cure, said Dr. Wendy Portland, director of the Oncology Institute at George Washington University in Washington. "The good news is that cervical cancer has virtually disappeared and I think it's the single best cause of preventable death for people. Older people may have brought on it, but early life with the HPV virus is really survivable," Portland said. "It's fantastic that they could be coming to the forefront now. If people who have cervical cancer go to the people who are important in their lives and deliver this important information, I think it would have a tremendous impact on them and me." According to a joint report on geriatric prevention made available to Curaçao and Japan this week, no cure exists for cervical cancer because most people are prevented from dying from it. However, an effective treatment is an infection that causes ganglion cells and in severe cases becomes cancerous. More patients have come to the CDC since 2010. About 30% of patients get enough infection to provide an accurate diagnosis and cervical cancer screening to detect it. Her brother used to be one of the patients who testified against cervical cancer in front of Congress, but now he has been working with Ellen Page to push for a cure. "I'm hoping that as we go forward, there is hope that this will finally give people a way to stop cervical cancer," said Wendy Portland. "It's been a piece of progress." Women's self-reported health problems, like swollen, blistered, bloody or red hands, are at a record low due to increased breastfeeding, said Portland. "This will have to be the last "risk-reward" factor that can interfere with getting screened for cervical cancer." The CDC says it's monitoring the results of a 2008 study to see if screening can help prevent cervical cancer and more. The study will include analysis on adult cancer risks -- where people with advanced cancer develop an increased risk of developing cancer, mothers may be tested at a younger age for early cancer, Brazilian breast cancer and cervical cancer. Further assessment is also needed to determine if women benefit more than men.
Two people have been killed and 45 others were wounded when clashes broke out during anti-government protests in Thailand's capital, an official said.|||The protesters started the demonstration outside Thai lawmakers' offices in Bangkok on Wednesday in central Bangkok, according to Suvarnabhakdi Tamontan, a lawmaker. The deaths came amid long violent clashes between police and demonstrators, who used clubs, rocks and gunshots during the so-called "targets" and demanded changes in rule, Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said. "Such highly-violent, irrational, belligerent incidents can only make an already unpredictable situation worse and are very dangerous," Suvarnabhakdi said in a statement late on Wednesday. The demonstrators, which include small-time crooks, shop owners and politicians, started fighting with a pro-government movement which describes itself as Dignity in Sri Rai. But she added that "as the protesters were not taking arms it became increasingly difficult to effectively cope." The protests have snowballed since protesters gained support as they supported Yom Koechoy, the third Prime Minister to take office after Thaksin Shinawatra fell from power, to replace him. The demonstrators, many of them students and doctors, have staged sit-in protests on and off during demonstrations, chanting anti-government slogans, sometimes making attempts to remove protesters. They have been threatening to attack schools, buildings, police stations and sound meters with stones. Police have deployed tear gas and troops, and have responded with gunfire to prevent demonstrators from advancing. The Interior Ministry suspended Saturday's plans to make 19 long-delayed by Saturday's scheduled news conference, which was to give the latest view of life in Thais' traditionally troubled southern regions. The anti-government demonstrations have intensified in the past month, drawing thousands of sympathisers and protesters. E-mail to a friend. CNN's Justin Neish and Jonathan Landay contributed to this report. More from GlobalPost.
(CNN) -- At last the mystery has been solved.|||The body of Thomas Fordham University student was found Monday in Greensboro, North Carolina, and autopsies and DNA tests are now done. The 67-year-old black man was found face down on a gurney inside a $200,000 home, with his hair pulled back from a thin line and fingernails crudely polished. The British are still investigating the murder, and last month the province heard from an examiner from North Carolina, the ME and Public Integrity Unit. The examiner said that the information came from police departments. They have now begun the process of trying to contact all parties involved, from hospital workers to friends and family, even the grieving father of the student. The final findings of the investigation are expected Tuesday and police expect it could take months. The school district was notified of the death and many parents have expressed anger with what police have called an open-and-shut case. People online are expressing hopes. Police Chief William Ramsey told Philadelphia police he and the school board members have spoken with all parties involved. The state-run New York Police Department agreed to work closely with the DEP on this inquiry. CNN's Lisa Reek contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- A peacock that had escaped from the Central Park Zoo returned home on its own Wednesday morning, the Wildlife Conservation Society told CNN.|||Over a span of eight hours, the exotic bird, a peacock named Holly, escaped from a pen at the Central Park Zoo in New York, when a girl who had taken him released him and called for her pet falcon. Holly, a 3-year-old, was first spotted by a man at a local Georgia man's home. He called his mother, who responded, the woman told the man. "She took Holly to the lady's house on Broad Street," said David Fletcher, communications director at the Society. "She brought Holly to a bird farm, where she established a communication center with her bird." The conservation club has about 6,000 members. The zoo's animal care coordinator, Michael Jamison, said the American hawk hawk and eagle kept working all night to bring Holly back to the park as did her mom. The other seven animals at the zoo suffered minor injuries, Jamison said. A small group of zoo animals came to Holly's aid and were reunited with the other animals in the pen and returned them home. James I. Stone, president and CEO of The National Zoo, said no animals were harmed. "All animals have to be vigilant, but not over-protective," he said. On Tuesday morning, an Osprey the Doves introduced, a big part of its family. It's said he was with his mom when Holly had escaped the central park zoo. According to Fletcher, Holly is staying with family for the time being. "If people need her help, call the center," he said. Fletcher said the Associated Press has not identified the woman who was released. CNN's Vanessa Vieira in Philadelphia, which also reported the fallen hawk was seeking refuge in New York, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
(CNN) -- Baseball-size hail pelted parts of Nebraska Tuesday as severe thunderstorms swept through the region.|||More severe storms were reported Tuesday across eastern Nebraska, including near Lancaster, where a trainer and his son were stuck in the hail after the storms. Fourth grader Cade Neefler, a member of a neighborhood baseball team, told CNN affiliate KNEB that he lost part of a baseball glove and a brace as a result of the hail. The debris, which included the roof of a trailer and part of a huge vacuum-sealed rig, landed on a building and came down with flying debris, according to Neefler. "They missed me very badly and I definitely have to get out of here," Neefler said. "They never knew that there was such a big hail. It's crazy. They're not used to anything like this." Nefler and his father, Larry, said they moved their sons from Lancaster to Dodge City, where he trains students on all sports. "We've lost a whole generation," he said. The storms prompted on Monday two other trainer deaths: Randy Rodiska in the central U.S. and another from Texas. Investigators tracked down the suspect with the help of 4D cameras and were interviewing KENP TV, according to Trooper Paige Jackson. After classes are over, some staff are being told to report for evaluations. The weather in Flagstaff, Arizona, caused minor flooding, McClellan School District officials said, adding coaches are still snowed in.
London (CNN) -- Rights groups have slammed a lunch hosted by Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Friday for including monarchs criticized for their countries' human rights records.|||Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron is expected to attend the Queen Elizabeth II's annual Royal Christmas Dinner, which happened on the stately, glittering Gold Fields in central London. The lunch is intended to mark the end of a visit by India's monarchy to Afghanistan, and will also include meetings between leaders of Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam. The focus of the lunch is on concerns raised by members of the media after a leaked government report said members of the Indian government are likely to be punished under the terms of the international U.N. Convention against Torture, a treaty backed by Britain and India. However, the group has said that Indian leaders are not the norm when it comes to their treatment of prisoners. The government's request for two days to visit Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and more than 300 other jails is open to criticism, the report states. The delegation will also hold discussions on Muslim civil rights and democracy issues. The meeting will take place in the public domain on the balcony of the Buckingham Palace, which is available to the public at public cost. The British government gave a long list of suggested topics to be discussed, including torture, food security and long-term stay in jail. "The meeting to be held will assess these issues in light of the interest of the British people and celebrate the things we stand for," a press release released by the government said. India has strict food and clothing standards, and the government has called for more inclusive meals at meetings to be held at least twice a week.
Washington (CNN) -- A computer hacker responsible for creating and operating a massive scam that infected as many as 12 million computers worldwide has been identified and arrested, authorities said Wednesday.|||Investigators say the 77-year-old hacker made several millions of dollars from exploiting the S-STACK image file and advertising on Internet sites around the globe, according to law enforcement officials. Similar malware has infected several other computers around the world, to which a new system has been launched to try to pinpoint the exact system that is infected -- and prevent computers from moving any further, authorities said. The Belk is suspected of sending files from one computer to another and transferring the code, authorities said. One man's identity has not been released. Read more at CNN's Laura Hanna.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Two-year-old Tangena Hussain vanished three months ago in the Detroit suburb of Hamtramck, Michigan, and police say the trail has gone cold.|||Researchers found an unidentified man Wednesday who said he was taking pieces of "ricerite" -- which was likely wood -- from the trunk of the car, according to police. The car was discovered with a "heavy amount of burns," where the vehicle sat about 75 feet away. The searchers identified it as a large semi-trailer and they believe it was carrying burned paper and possibly tires, police said. A foot of siding was found inside the trunk and investigators think he tried to hide the wood or bricks from the fire, they said. Investigators are taking the case very seriously, said Hamtramck Chief Inspector Ron Parker. "The fact that it's a still a case has created a lot of anxiety for us and not just because we don't know how long we're going to wait," Parker said. "There are some other theories, but they just don't add up." CNN's Mohammad Qadir contributed to this report.
Tokyo (CNN) -- A Japanese helicopter plucked the pilot of a U.S. fighter jet from the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday after an unspecified problem forced him to eject in mid-flight.|||Not. The pilot ejected safely from the plane and landed in the area of Okinawa which is located in the central Japanese Pacific Ocean about an hour north of Tokyo. In a statement from the Japan Ministry of Defence, officials said two American strike fighters were deployed over Japan and will respond to claims of a radar jam over Okinawa that the Japanese fighter jet had radar malfunction. The planes were carrying crews, who had come from the Nippon Osan Air Force base to help land the American aircraft. The landing is part of a counter-piracy mission launched by U.S. Navy special operations forces and American marines in the waters around the USS Ohio, the first ship to be attacked since U.S. forces arrived there from Japanese waters a year ago. The attack comes in response to a ground and naval conflict between Israel and Syrian rebels near Benghazi, the capital of the region. Israel is carrying out air strikes to try to limit the chances of rebel aircraft launching attacks from Qatar's Gulf Cooperation Council. The U.S. aircraft entered Japan on October 19 after flying out of the region, but it remained a naval target in its own right. The operation could carry over to the Pacific Ocean. Naval warplanes carrying out naval air strikes have come under heavy criticism from Russian media for not doing enough to halt rebel aircraft from crossing the border into Syria. Read more: 13 U.S. ships join Israel strike fleet
(CNN) -- Time to make some popcorn, light a few candles and fire up the flatscreen -- to celebrate National Kissing Day on July 6, travel website Travelzoo has released a list of the world's top 10 romantic movie locations.|||The collection, which got started in 2011 with the release of "West Side Story," soared to the top spot in the list in January after being topped with "Frasier" (2002). It says a great place for a late-night movie watching session is a small town in the southwest United States, snapping selfies with a friend, following a restaurant, and facing a sunset to witness nature at its natural beauty. "But most of the time, folks are more likely to keep their eyes on the screen and wait for just the right moment to take off," it says. While "Fahrenheit 451" would have two women running away to suicide as their last attempt, in "The Great Wall" four women with under-performing horses are the ultimate escape point, it says. Before the movie ends, however, tourists stop and view each other and sip on bevies of aching brie. Here in New York, where a shared love of vintage photography can induce a girl to break down and put on her lipstick, a woman walks for hours on end, feeling proud, comfortable and rejuvenated. "Shopping for flowers is rather odd to some people," the site says, "because what they're actually buying is designed to evoke positive emotions in people." But it's a safe place, it says. "Along with cute souvenirs and nostalgic photos, women are looking for moments to bond like school girls with middle-aged parents. One's favorite pastime is eating lasagna as young adults, but at the same time, women in their 30s and 40s will enjoy being the center of attention so they're all the talk of the town." Canada's second top spot is in the American Heartland where age doesn't feel a factor. Most people here stay in warm family homes, enjoy the local food in a chic town square and travel to local boutiques. The country's top romantic spot in North America, long celebrated for the extravagance in films and art, is Yerba Buena, a romantic town in central Japan where travelers can lay watch by the hibachi garden and visit the carnival and the ancient Japanese museum. The only concession for alcohol is in Central Park, where a cafe with the food is free, the other is a local movie. A film can sell you two tickets to a show, but not for anything at all. There's also a Japanese river, found in mountains that may make you feel like an outsider. Journalist Melissa Nasic's family will no doubt enjoy an early visit to "The Little Prince" (1985), complete with views of the small village and some beautiful white-washed homes, circa 1716. The fine-art "Hanna Wood" includes a chance for lovemaking at the Waikiki Japanese Museum. Shoppers can also stay the night on special-occasion "Hana Plain" in Chiang Mai and some of its geodesic displays on the city's northwestern slopes. The market, it says, was created in 1931 by the Japanese to help stimulate the arts and a luxury hotel room was built in the 1950s with a three-story, square structure. The hotel also has a Candy Styling tent and a candy dipping bag for sale, although the old-fashioned candle light display on the side of the building is more traditional. The Parisian Rose Garden in the center of the city, which was added for its red carpet premiere and celebrates the wedding of Will Smith and Prince Phillip in 1968, was included on the list. Tourists can stroll down the stairs, sit back and enjoy the view of the arts and wonders of Asia, then take in the unique view from the third floor of the hotel in a romantic bar. Malaspina Falls in the Philippines and the Trifecta Park in Switzerland are the top-ranked restaurants in Europe. The site says the place would likely appeal to younger viewers because of its "intricate atmosphere" and proximity to nature. In Asia, travelers can visit the Acropolis and see the historic Forbidden City, as well as the ancient ruins of the Zen Temple in the adjoining Japan.
(CNN) -- Western Sydney Wanderers became the first Australian club to win the Asian Champions League after a goalless draw away to Saudi Arabia's Al Hilal ensured a closely fought 1-0 aggregate victory in the tournament final Saturday.|||The draw for the Wanderers proved too much for striker Salomon Leko to deal with as defender Edouard moved in from the right to head home from close range before forward Salomon Williamson headed home Al Hilal's third late in the third period to ensure the thrilling end to the competition. In the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, with their host country a goal behind, Australia's Western Sydney deservedly equalizer in the 50th minute when Richie Forster headed home a loose ball from 20 yards out, the Australian claimed the ball ahead of his team-mates. Goalkeeper Sam Mendes, in for fired-up defending 17-year-old Paul Rafferty, finished with a header to ensure the hosts wrapped up the title. Australian club Western Sydney won their first Asian Champions League title in 2002 while defending domestic winners South Korea took third in the K-League and won the Pokka Cup in 2007. Al Hilal, the defending champions in the Arab league, stunned both sides when WSL's Alexi Tomke scored twice. Fox-wire's Salomon Leko smashed home a 39th minute header. Wilson defended from the left before placing another header from close range. The pair gave the scoreline an injury-time winner when Michael Gartside and Gartland exchanged passes late in the second half to send the final score back level at 0-0. Al Hilal, which reached the last four in their first major competition in 2006, could not recover from the defeat and failed to claim the winner on penalties in the second leg.
New York (CNN) -- Trinidad native Kareem Ibrahim was convicted Thursday of conspiring to detonate fuel tanks and a fuel pipeline at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, according to a statement from the U.S. Eastern District Court of New York.|||The Army veteran was also convicted of conspiring to detonate fuel tanks and a pipeline at New York's Kennedy International Airport, according to a statement from the U.S. Eastern District Court of New York. "The evidence in this case is overwhelming and substantial and we look forward to his release from custody and serving his sentence," said Andre Holloway, a Manhattan federal judge who presided over the case. Two weapons experts testified in the trial that Ibrahim was trying to destroy the port's collection tanks. Only 9% of the tanks and one-third of the pipeline were damaged, the court heard. Ibrahim was arrested Wednesday after that dramatic event in which a driver used a belly battery to set off an automatic weapon outside the airport, prompting authorities to launch an extensive manhunt for him. As part of the warrant, he had been wanted in connection with the city's known commercial bombing of a gas pipeline. He was arrested after his father was killed during a burglary in the early morning hours of Nov. 14, 2008. The truck driver was nowhere to be found. Moussa Jovanovic, the truck driver, was taken into custody six days later. In addition, five people who worked alongside Ibrahim were arrested in November 2008, including some members of the NYCC crew and prosecutors, the agency said. The suspects ran from the Chelsea Market in Manhattan after being robbed of several firearms, it said. Investigators say the shootings were motivated by political motives. But Ibrahim was not charged with terrorism, and his arrest became one of the most high-profile in the United States in a year that featured violent anti-government demonstrations by protesters across the country and at least three police shootings. The two F.B.I. officers were killed while arresting the accused, though the police have not said whether they killed, injured or shot either suspect, the government said. CNN's Marc Martin and Elizabeth Reyes contributed to this report.
(CNN)Pope Francis has stirred up a hornet's nest with remarks in which he said it's OK for parents to spank children, so long as they do it with dignity.|||Pope Francis praised public spankings of children in a speech in China on Friday. Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao cast doubt on the pope's remarks: "One cannot say that spankings are permissible and the other not permitted." There has been a heavy backlash for the public spanking in China, in particular against the use of spanking by priests during mass in the late 20th century, despite warnings from the church against such behaviour. In Australia, the Catholic Church has been under fire since 1998 for permitting spanking by priests in response to claims they had beaten up children in Australia. In Australia, the Catholic Church has warned children not to get hit, and public backlash has grown in the country. Both the Spanish government and the Minnesota Senate have a responsibility to raise awareness of the abuse in the Catholic Church. A number of Protestant, Catholic and Muslim leaders also have warned of inappropriate domestic behavior against children, though there has been little action to date. The Rev. Chuck Hoshy, president of the Children's Society of the United States, said in a statement that, "all people should be safe from physical spanking when children come to them." In Missouri on Saturday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill authorizing the use of corporal punishment by children. Last week, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said he would take legal action against those who abuse children in order to end a criminal justice system that has been responsible for child abuse. Spanking is considered illegal in the United States, Australia and Canada, and in the United Kingdom.
(CNN) -- Authorities warned of high temperatures and strong winds Sunday as hundreds of firefighters battle a northern Colorado blaze that has destroyed almost 200 homes.|||"The oncoming flames cause immediate evacuations from both sides of the Lavelle Creek and Yosemite Rancheria," said Isabel Guinta O'Connor, assistant fire chief for Routt County. "The homes we are helping to evacuate have burned to a black, burnt-out ruin." O'Connor said the blaze consumed nearly 44,000 acres in six hours as firefighters struggled to keep the flames in check. Flames flared in downtown Fort Collins and are perched on a steep mountain ridge, spewing pollutants and strong winds. Smoke hung over downtown as firefighters battled to corral the flames, O'Connor said. People evacuated as the incident was fought, she said. In addition to destroying a historic 13th-century monastery and three homes, four homes and a trailer were destroyed, O'Connor said. The pre-dawn evacuation of 8,000 people in Grand Lake, Alberta, prompted officials to order residents to go into "managed evacuation" mode. The residents were being told to evacuate by vehicle, officials said. The city of Grand Lake had about 3,000 residents. There were no reports of injuries. "The heaviest of smoke is currently at the Mount Crater Mountain Buddhist Center in Yuma," said Vicki Lucero of the Good Samaritan Rescue and Search and Rescue. Smoke from the blaze made the Smoky Mountains resort town look like "a coliseum," the National Weather Service said in a statement, cautioning residents to stay away. Alberta Rancheria is north of De Soto, an unincorporated area of northern Alberta. Officials said temperatures could spike up to 90 degrees and winds gusts to 50 mph (80 kph). Spilling in from the Rancheria, the blaze was burning mostly in the mountains north of Fort Collins, near the town of Ivy Creek. O'Connor said the blaze was caused by human activity. The cause was under investigation.
(CNN) -- Residents are still dealing with the aftermath of Irene -- a massive storm that pummeled the East Coast.|||As Irene batters the East Coast on Sunday, Irene's destruction is slowly becoming evident. From the Plains of Aryan, in the Pacific Northwest to Mexico City, authorities are focused on protecting the people at risk. Eight people have died and more than 150,000 people have been affected by Irene. In Florida, news from an interstate highway as Irene continues to lash the region is bringing additional images of beaches destroyed by the hurricane. After inland flooding, 150 people have been rescued and taken to local shelters. In Puerto Rico, nearly 10,000 people are still without electricity. CNN's Elise Stefanik contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Before women gained the right to vote in 1920, Besse Cooper joined the suffrage movement.|||But she survived, escaping throughout the rest of the country, escaping from the war, escaping from forced relocation and the oppression of immigrants and leaving poverty behind behind. She learned about the old American dream and found a new purpose for women, calling them "freedom fighters." Cooper told the documentary "The Women's Movement is America's War on Poverty: From House Notices to The Women's Liberation" in 1998 that the International Ladies Day ends on October 9. CNN's Aaron Eisenberg talked to some of these women from the movement, including the pioneers and leaders from the cities of Rwanda and Chicagos. In particular, they called on African-Americans to make their voices heard and to take action that refutes the idea that race won't matter. "We should not excuse or accept the atrocities that have occurred by way of race, which every nation has endured for centuries. No whites need to have to stand against discrimination," said Cooper. "Every nation has the right to be racialized, especially one that has suffered for so long because of evil governments." Cooper told Eisenberg how the suffrage movement helped awaken and drive out of the South African colonies in the 1910s and the women's suffrage movement took shape in North America during the 1920s and 1930s. Cooper, who stopped working after earning her university degree in education, began fighting for equal pay, sexual harassment and discrimination by the men's and women's labor movement. Cooper traveled the world with her husband and helped raise four children. "By the time I was 11 I was able to take my first step," she said. Cooper had been at college through the time "we moved to free college in Massachusetts for free classes for women who were in danger of being rejected," she said. She helped organize the students in the dorms to help prevent these confrontations between women and men. She also raised 20 other teens in the dorms. Cooper is honored by the White House to celebrate the anniversary of Women's History Month.
(CNN) -- Los Angeles police have launched an internal investigation to determine who leaked a picture that appears to show a bruised and battered Rihanna.|||Rihanna was last seen Friday following a controversial music video and the arrest of her manager, a former protege and a friend of her bandmates. The backlash against the "American Dream" hitmaker and her husband came after a singer he believed had attacked her appears to have leaked a picture of her struggling with other women. The video appeared to show Rihanna standing face down in a bedroom, surrounded by clothing that appears to show her battered and bruised. Her body was then removed from the studio, where the video was shot. Police have said the pictures could represent a sexual assault, but Rihanna has not been charged with a crime. The photos were released by several police officers Monday, and sources said CNN affiliate WSVN reported that a police officer was posted as one of them. That officer asked if Rihanna was injured while at the concert, which Rihanna attended with Jennifer Lopez and Christina Aguilera, the person behind the music video. He also was not identified. "I have been a U.S. citizen since I was 12 years old, and to see Rihanna that way just shows that I don't trust the media," one officer told WSVN. Another police source said the official didn't have any reason to believe the video was a cop's photo. The singer and her husband divorced in 2012.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- "Barefoot Bandit" Colton Harris-Moore has sold the movie rights to his life story to 20th Century Fox, a studio spokesman said Thursday.|||Harris-Moore said he intended to film the movie at the theater in the main lobby of Paramount's San Juan Capistrano headquarters in California but an attempt to convince Paramount to hold onto the rights to the Montana river canyon ended in unexpected circumstances. Bill Russell of the U.S. Forest Service rejected a $750,000 offer from Harris-Moore in 1999 to keep filming elsewhere, California Department of Justice spokeswoman Pam Finkelstein said. The sale ended a seven-year search for the "Barefoot Bandit," working toward the completion of filming in southern California before receiving a 14-page script from Alexander Skarsgard and the Producers Guild of America for the finished product. Skarsgard, who starred in "Ride Along," is based on a photo of Harris-Moore from 1972 shot outside a Chicago home where he is a janitor after a struggle with Rossendorf, a music and professional bass player who comes from Virginia Beach. Ten other people were also arrested with him, beginning the controversial shoot-out. "Ride Along" focuses on Colonel Lewis Ritter Rowe, an entrepreneur-turned-murderer and his brief run to freedom after being sentenced to life in prison for larceny and stealing, Sherless said. The talk is true, though not of the primary plot of the movie. Wilbanks was editing several scenes when Van Horn's George "Eli" Schultz approached. When Zeke Llewellyn's gun finally took aim, the police returned fire, killing Schultz. But investigators failed to locate Ritter Rowe, Robert "Mike" Weddle, and Dale "Teddy" Houston, four men who were arrested after their arrest on cocaine charges and charged with cocaine possession. At one point, Rustin "Rudy" Romas admits to being involved in the theft, giving Harris-Moore, a different gangster, a lead role. "I gave Colton so much money I couldn't stop thinking about his right hand and my left foot -- and now I think about Colton, because my left foot looks so much like Colton and my right hand," Rivers said. "I never considered myself a hustler. I thought my life was in danger." That same mindset influenced Eric Santos', an unassuming man who was raised in Riverside, California, but would venture out into the deep desert of central California. He beat his parents in San Fernando Valley until their sons sent him off to help capture the bandit. Carlton Norman worked as a valet. He recruited Russell's uncle, Doug Stanmer, to work on his family ranch. But Russel also stole Ritter Rowe's truck and placed a warrant on his head. When Don Culp took up the speed limit with Highway Patrol Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Russell came out of hiding in time to fend off the outlaw. Once he got out, the outlaw sent his son, Bill Russell, and another brother on the motorcycle to jail. Ritter Rowe drove the police car and ended his life when the suspected gunman "died before they could see him." Lister Brown called Harris-Moore one of his "true heroes."
(CNN) -- Oklahoma health officials said Friday they are searching for the source of a rare form of E. coli that has killed one person and sickened 116 others in the northeastern part of the state.|||For the last four days, more than 30 cases have been reported, said Bradley Deskins, the health department's environmental health chief. The latest outbreak includes cases related to a mold found in contaminated eggs, corn syrup, chocolate syrup, animal feed and raw meat. The raw meat cases are from a farm in Houston and are still being investigated. The last outbreak occurred about a year ago in the area around Brookville, and the population was down from more than 500,000 to about 300,000, Deskins said. Four men have died so far in the outbreak in northeastern Oklahoma, Deskins said. An investigation is ongoing. The State Department of Health also announced two other outbreaks and seized samples from 44 sources, officials said. One of those states is Ohio, and the other is Arkansas. Deskins said all 31 samples inspected had E. coli, which is also found in raw beef from the restaurant's Florida-based hamburger stand. None of the samples tested positive for E. coli, Deskins said. However, authorities in Oklahoma and Texas are looking at other possible E. coli cases linked to tainted food from the same markets. In Oklahoma, for instance, the state Department of Health said the response team was inspecting everything from the floor of the barbecue grill to broken brooks in part of south Tulsa, Texas. The contamination is from the enterococcus family, Deskins said. He said all the six illnesses are tied to eating raw eggs from the BBQ bistro, which had an e-inked peel, Deskins said. The health department's environmental health division is working on the epidemiology in this outbreak, as well as on finding the correct source of the E. coli, Deskins said. "This is not a laboratory borne disease," Deskins said. "In our opinion, we must take our exposure to the public very seriously." Medical experts studied the three most common E. coli strains in the outbreak, Deskins said. In the Oklahoma and Texas cases, neither of the organisms identified in the outbreak causes illness. The health department said those infections do not have symptoms. For now, Deskins said the only thing we can do is watch for any more cases. More information on the study was available online.
(CNN) -- After three days of horrifying images from Kiev, February 21 brought tentative good news from the Ukrainian capital. President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Oleh Tyahnybok and Arseniy Yatsenyuk concluded an agreement on a political settlement. If it holds, it offers Ukrainians a peaceful path out of the crisis that has gripped their country for the past three months.|||Since that tragic evening, the majority of Ukrainians have been feeling ill. Monday's situation has been one of chaos, upheaval, and disruption. There have been deadly riots and clashes between protesters and police, a heavy curfew, barricades, and meagre crowds in the capital. In some areas, strong border security exists, leading to chaos. Civilians have been forced out of their homes and businesses during these riots, particularly in the capital. Protests have continued over the past few days, including celebrations and the release of jailed opposition leaders, including Yatsenyuk. At least 25 people have been hospitalized in the chaotic situation, and police say the situation is about to worsen. On Monday, tens of thousands of protestors -- many of them government sympathizers -- gathered in the capital. Some, like Yatsenyuk, refused to leave the barricades and vast rallies had raged for days. The country's president, a fellow former European Commissioner and life member of the European Parliament, was scheduled to speak later Monday in Kyiv, the capital city. The opposition leaders, however, boycotted the event and President Yanukovych's speech. Many here are blaming all of this on President Barack Obama for not allowing his son's 2012 election victory. Opinion: When world leaders say we've seen enough of the Obama era, we need a new one. The author of the book, "Ukraine's Great Games," wrote that both Yanukovych and his leader have lost the ability to be peaceful, and want to prevent any revival of the entire situation. The problem in Ukraine is that most of these governments and residents are unable to agree on their positions. What's your view on President Obama's policies in Ukraine? Weigh in.
(CNN) -- Holding up a coca leaf at a U.N. meeting on narcotics Monday, Bolivian President Evo Morales defended the practice of chewing on the leaves as tradition and urged the body to reconsider its decision to declare it illegal.|||The World Narcotics Control Board's decision came at the height of a six-year war on the Colombian drug trade and brought a heavy economic toll on impoverished countries in the region. In 2002, Bolivia declared coca cultivation illegal and was forced to import beef, potatoes, cattle and cows to create a reserve for coca. On Monday, the leaders of Colombia, Guatemala and Honduras joined other nations to urge U.N. officials to take a tougher line against the trade. The United States seized about $25 million worth of coca, or 20 million buds, in 2008, according to the police service. The United States has tried to trade coca for its explosive power. Last year, Morales pledged to clear Bolivia's coca fields by December, the end of which, he said, would free 93 percent of coca -- an amount critics say will be difficult to reach without the aid of the United States. "It's a critical moment, very critical," Morales said. He urged the United Nations to "step up their efforts" to stop the movement and urged United States and the European Union to close ranks with local governments in the fight against the expansion of the drug trade. He said "the imperative should be that we rid the entire continent of the scourge of cocaine that has destroyed the lives of so many people." "You must find a way to stop the spread of this coca, of this coca leaf," he said, "for it's a problem affecting not just Bolivia, but also Guatemala, South America and around the world." "It's destroying babies, eating up the body of a baby, killing the mother," said Julio Rodriguez-Murillo, chairman of the Bolivian advisory board for the U.N. narcotics agency. "Even if this was not a culture, it is not a group. It's a culture. It's a set of values, you will see, we all say," he said.
(CNN) -- The London-based leader of one of Pakistan's most powerful regional parties was arrested at his home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe, officials of his party said.|||Javed Asif, leader of the powerful All Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (APT), was taken into custody when officers in plain clothes, state media reported. "We have a big scandal going on here," said Amjad Javed, another Pakistani political party spokesman. "It has come to the attention of the police to arrest the police station director who was standing outside the office of the governor, which was closed on Tuesday." The arrest was made in connection with corruption allegations against senior officials in Pakistan's interior ministry, which specialises in the cases. "Following a series of inquiries, we have accused Javed of having accepted money from some of the highest authorities of the country, including the prime minister, the treasury and additional members of the cabinet," Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) said. The agency said senior government officials and anti-corruption officers were forced to enter the party headquarters in Multan, about 2,000 miles north of Karachi. Though he had previously been granted entry to Dubai by the UAE government, he would not travel there. The corruption investigation began more than a year ago after an inquiry by U.S. and British authorities into alleged corruption in the 2008 elections in India. The allegations in Pakistan hit the APT, which has long been accused of corruption in handling the affairs of state councils and municipal projects. The APT has been dutifully paying taxes and avoiding paying title dues in an unprecedented move that has garnered wide criticism within the country. Two prominent politicians are facing investigation over the allegations that they took bribes in return for securing key government positions. According to the Dawn newspaper, "husband, wives, mothers, bearers of dowry, officials of the government, senior politicians and official bodies" are facing charges in connection with a corruption probe, based on documents released on Tuesday. The investigation is currently under way. The investigation is being led by a military prosecutor, experts said. But the corruption allegations center largely on Azad Jammu and Kashmir, where about 40,000 people have been taken into custody for corruption. The BBC reported that corruption cases in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa were part of Jammu and Kashmir because of their wide degree of distrust of the administration and government. Former Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf, a Pakistani who served as attorney general for three decades and has been relentlessly criticized by the opposition, was also held in the southern state of Punjab. The report said the investigations are being conducted because of allegations he awarded six marriages to cronies. U.S. officials have criticized him for accepting money and directing his party's judicial system to honor the men instead of the women. The British government has also said Arif, 50, was paid $65,000 for helping found a court in 1986 and having become a billionaire, according to a BBC report. Journalist Wazir Jamal, speaking in Karachi, told CNN the ruling party had made "politicians untouchable and ethical."
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Shada's back aches more and more each day as she literally bears her family's burden. Clothed in a black robe, she strains under her husband's weight.|||Shada al-Baghdadi's family does not have money to buy food, medicine or tires to keep the car running. In Mosul, Iraq, her mother-in-law, Haj Jummai al-Ammaz, contracted second-degree burns on her back after driving through a fierce scuffle with Sunni brothers while driving a car on the mountain road. Soon after, fire engulfed her mother-in-law and blinded her face. Doctors later performed surgery on her and operated to reconstruct her face. At home, Shada al-Baghdadi, 27, cares for her 35-year-old mother-in-law and 20-year-old sister-in-law. They all suffered from the same wounds: injuries sustained in front of their children's eyes when they were shot. "They gave us fire," she said, returning to the battlefield the following day to see a woman blast a hole in her wall and her mother wounded nearby. In the outskirts of her village, many other Shadi civilians also live through the day. "I don't have a way to communicate with them," she said. "I have to run back to this place to pray." "Please God," she cried. From the roadside, the family's gunshots echoed into the city, echoing away. Shada has seen her husband, each shot over the years in Mosul. When he was wounded in the head, he cried out to his wife: "Uncle, I must seek justice." At home, the residents comb the streets for stray bullets. "Allah sent you back in this condition," they told the wounded women. They say that only two weeks before the home-made bombs were fired into Shada's home, killing two men and wounding several. One of the wounded women was hit four times in the head. "She was bleeding profusely, and the medics carried her in the back, and we were saving her life," said her son. The house sits in a very tight little neighborhood where people are screened out with thick, thick glass windows and large plastic bags. The safety equipment is razor sharp. Another man's scissors and razor cuts on the outer wall of Shada's home, she says, hurt his back when he refused to let his neighbor bury him. "He should have stayed," said Hussein al-Baghdadi, 33, who lives in the village with the rest of his family. "The suicide bomber had his way. Just three to four years ago, we could send a message to the insurgents that we were taking care of them." According to Hussein al-Baghdadi, Shada and her husband, Nayeem, leave their children with their uncle and seek revenge. They realize the importance of the man and they get married immediately. But with widespread frustration among the families of Al-Baghdadi and his fellow villages in Baghdad, Al-Baghdadi questions whether women deserve any form of justice. "At all times, we want justice and compensation. We're giving it a lot of support and that should be enough," he said. "Unfortunately, the women and families that are here feel threatened, exploited and coddled and for some, that's not the case," he added. Life in Iraq has always been difficult for the poor. Now, its gloomiest. Al-Baghdadi grew up in an impoverished neighborhood of seven families of three houses. They shared an uncle, an aunt, a cousin and a neighbor who, he says, had faded into poverty and lived a "pitiful life."
(CNN) -- Guinea international Lass Bangoura pulled out of a key African Cup of Nations match against Ghana Saturday because his club teammates were worried he could contract Ebola.|||However, Bangoura was planning to play in tonight's match at the biggest African Football Union (AFCON) national championship in Gabon, but decided to withdraw after news spread he had contracted Ebola. Twitter user @torjump3 wrote: "Teams who were worried about player Lass Bangoura and his condition all withdrew after they looked at the common symptoms, so I couldn't vote. We're planning on honouring the memory of Lass. You should try to respect his choice." Basildon striker Moussa Dembele's team-mate Darijan sold him to Liverpool before the match because he "didn't feel comfortable" going against the Ebola-hit team, according to a statement by his club. "While we are disappointed to be in the same hotel and discussing about the situation of our guest, he can only go back home where his family is already waiting," France's F.C. Paris Saint Germain said in a statement. Belgium defeated Nigeria 2-0 at the World Cup in the final in 2004. Also, in the first game, Bosnia-Herzegovina won 1-0 after they entered the game with a 2-1 win against Ghana at the end of a scoreless first half. The long rain fell in Accra, Ghana, overnight and was overcast. Scores of West Africans have reported cases of Ebola. Most of them have contracted the virus while visiting West Africa or in Nigeria, from the time they were infants, CNN's Mario Silva-Tzaral in Sydney reports. Diego Maradona, who lives in Croatia, reportedly fell ill after playing for Kosovo against Ethiopia in a match played in the rain on Saturday. But many of those affected in Guinea and Nigeria have not fallen ill, reporting only slight symptoms.
(CNN) -- Despite its xenophobic, anti-immigration campaign tactics, Switzerland's far-right Swiss People's Party, which took the largest share of votes four years ago in Swiss modern history, suffered losses in Sunday's parliamentary vote as voters chose more moderate parties over polarizing candidates.|||The Swiss president, Thomas Bach, told television channel SRF that despite the results, he believes the change was due to public demand for a eurozone-style monetary union with Switzerland. Swiss voters also want more money for foreign-owned businesses and a franc peg to the euro to keep prices down, reports Swiss Web site SwissNews.com. "It is coming together very well," he said. Key political decisions. According to Swiss Statistics, the parties "had 21.2% of the vote for Schengen economic zone policies, putting Switzerland in good stead and putting major support to the [European Union's] budget negotiations." On the other hand, the far right Swiss People's Party, which took the largest share of votes four years ago in the first elections of its kind in modern history, suffered losses in Sunday's parliamentary vote as voters chose more moderate parties over polarizing candidates. The Swiss People's Party will not manage a full two-thirds majority in the next parliamentary term in 2011. Swiss, rights-oriented people's parties also reached a compromise on Sunday, forcing party leader Hans-Gottfried Keitel to stand down as party leader. Amid a groundswell of anti-immigration rhetoric, and heightened tension over U.S. military operations on Swiss soil, Keitel received support from voters at least partly because the People's Party promised to boycott any upcoming wars in Europe. He also focused on safeguarding jobs, saying "United States troops are present in Afghanistan and their mission must be the primary unit of territorial integrity and peacekeeping in the western part of the world." Opinion: Can Swiss embrace euros? Another voter, E. Florian Knobler, said he voted Republican, and then back conservative rather than red. "I don't know how the euro system works -- it's uncertain. I think many Germans and Swiss feel out of touch with the political system now," he told SwissNews.com. "For EU policy, probably this is the moment to give in," he said. Reuters reported earlier this year that the Swiss People's Party has been exploring coalition proposals on a package that would give them seven more votes on the European Union, seven more votes on a more aggressive eurozone and two extra euros on the regional blocs. Transnational politics. Meanwhile, a result that could help Republicans in the region politically could also be linked to the middle-class frustration surrounding the ongoing refugee crisis. As more than 80,000 Syrians arrived to Switzerland this year, many arrived without valid documentation. International press associations and aid groups began polling people about their political views in an attempt to gauge reactions.
(CNN) -- Coast Guard and Air National Guard crews spent a second day in search of four sailors from a yacht that ran aground off San Francisco over the weekend, the services said Sunday.|||The four remain missing at 9:30 a.m. Sunday. On Saturday the waterline got a bit less than a foot deep. The day before it was up to 15 feet. About 600 rescuers, 13 in three boats and a large, fast-moving helicopter responded to the call. The four men are missing from the Golden Quest 2, a 14-foot-long yacht carrying 32 people. CNN's Bob DiGiacomo, David Killeau and Rose Marie Gransha contributed to this report. The service said in a written statement Sunday evening that they were conducting an air-sea search and air-ground fire search Saturday morning and found nothing. Helicopter rescuers were resupplied Sunday morning by Coast Guard helicopter from one area, but found no one there. The chopper will return to air-sea search and rescue crews if needed, the service said. Two rescue boats will return Monday. The Boeringas 2 and a Remington Infinity F2 are due to return to shore shortly after 7 a.m. "to aid in their recovery," the service said in a statement.
(CNN) -- Last April, images of Kurdish men dressed in drag started making the rounds on Facebook.|||Re prayer club serves Ashura in provincial province of Sinjar. When in Kurdistan, the action of the men to give a "boys club" to us for Las Vegas comes in question the Levant isn't easy for the fraternity to admit it is responsible for. But apparently the men don't know and accept that because they feel that men having an interior affairs group opens a door for women, says Marzur shafi, an arab society leader in the region. "We have people from all over the region who are not turning into ISIS," she said. And she told CNN: "They say it's a disgrace that Muslim men can dress in drag to go to Las Vegas or Dubai. "But, if you're women, you can't turn away from it," added the senior arabb sociologist and adviser to the Iraq and Afganistan Affairs Board. The protesters in Sinjar have not been able to contact the interior ministry and the government, who apparently are busy dealing with the problems, said Ruhan Danon, the city's director of communications and information.
West, Texas (CNN) -- Walls warped or blown off entirely, even ones made of brick. Roofs sunken in, if they are still visible at all. Garage doors lying in yards.|||The village of Stamford was reduced to nothing after Tuesday night's twister. Just a single ruined garage had been estimated to cost $450,000 to replace. Once unpaved, streets are blanketed with snow and curling with sludge, green topsoil looks like someone started curling her garden instead of trying to cut out the roots. Windowpane panels are detached and bend. Footprints are covered in bright dust. Roofs are broken. Car doors are falling out of their frames. Large, toppled trees lay facing away from everything, dragging loose debris across yards. Empty lots for the better part of a mile. A hillock in the distance looks like a lava field. At least one house detached, cut in two. Trees and debris are spread throughout the yard. Staircases are scattered across the ground. Fallen trees are everywhere. Antennas are still pointing down at debris, and the mound of rubble behind neighbors' lawns is filled with grass and debris. A crane is docked beside a downed power cable in the middle of East Houston, and a salvage yard is filled with tools, marking sites from where the tornado hit. Talents are tried to figure out what made it through. Worst areas survived, but only after some structure was destroyed. There's always one inch to cover. The worst is left, and in some places what remains is a twisted ajar netting, loose wires and broken window frames. Roofs sunken in, if they are still visible at all. Magnets stand out behind drywall, nearly destroyed. Other homes are more likely to be knocked down entirely. Garage doors lying in yards. Footprints -- without damage or normal surfaces -- still mark spots in yards where a one-story house once stood. Many windows were broken in the West area, when lightning struck a power line, then the next morning a tree limb fell on the home above it, knocking out all power. The most dramatic damage was to carports, where roofs are detached and small windows snapped in half, leaving pieces of metal hanging from the sky, along with pieces of trash. It's difficult to imagine. What drives people to do all this? Relief. People are everywhere. Dried mud makes it easy to pick up broken items. Coal is hard to come by. Cold is fine. These days, it's hard to even see the roads. Bricks are broken off, and some buildings are filled with rubble. Buildings now look like they've been bombed, along with more broken and charred pieces. T-shirts have been torn out of people's belongings. Repair crews are on the job. Neighbors throw in their new materials in hopes of restoring the original homes. Abandoned lawns are strewn everywhere. Some store owners tell the story of how they lost everything and wonder how they escaped.
Five European nations criticized Israel's decision to build thousands of new homes in occupied territory, summoning Israeli ambassadors for discussions on the matter.|||Over the weekend, Israel received some critical reports about its tactics, and would-be progress on advancing construction in the West Bank. In Gaza, 1,300 Palestinians from East Ghassanid settlement were reported killed by rockets fired from Syria on Wednesday, according to Egypt's anti-terrorism minister. There was no immediate confirmation of a violent connection between the rockets and Gaza. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Saturday that his government would continue its use of the internationally designated Green Line. "When it comes to rockets coming from Hezbollah strongholds and strikes on territories in the West Bank, Israel will continue to attack" Hezbollah targets and supports there, he said. Israel is far from alone in its assaults on opposition forces in the predominantly Arab country. In August, U.S. President Barack Obama ordered a task force to find out whether the Lebanese extremist organization al-Nusra Front is linked to violence across the Middle East. The group is accused by U.N. investigators of threatening Americans and building a cross-border terror network from Iraq. "This decision by the White House to make a decision on Al Qaeda responsible for incitement to violence abroad will have consequences in South America and Europe for many years to come," Netanyahu said. The reason for the move is the country's increasingly severe security situation since the advent of the Palestinian-led anti-Israel protests of May. There was violence in southern Israel over the weekend, including several beheadings, during clashes between the Palestinian Authority's forces and an Israeli-led group. Israel has put four Israeli soldiers on the gantry to defend Gaza, which has been under Israeli control since 1967. New homes would be built in the West Bank, but no area adjacent to Gaza would be affected. The latest announcement follows Israel's ability to reach out to the Kibbutz Nir area, established by the Palestinian Authority in 1990 and home to nearly 9,700 refugees from Syria. The Israeli government has been building new communities within the West Bank, which is where Palestinian territory is located, including Ramat Gan, as well as in the eastern Gaza Strip and Talmudiyah refugee camps. In recent weeks, residents of Gaza say they received rockets from both the U.S. and Israel, as well as from neighboring nations. The U.S. military said it reports having to "prevent" Palestinian rockets on Gaza. But in the case of Talmudiyah, its residents fear for their lives, it said. The Palestinian Authority said Hamas backed by Iran was responsible for rocket attacks. Gaza deputy prime minister, Brig. Gen. Baha Al-Balad, said the terror group was behind Hamas' attacks on the Israeli military and its allies in Gaza, and that U.S. forces were responsible for those rockets. Israel is not directly responsible for the civilians' deaths in Gaza, he said. "This is their duty and their responsibility for the suffering of their families," he said. One of the Palestinians who died at the Kibbutz Nir camp, Jabal Shabab, was Moroccan-born member of the militant group Al-Shabab. The survivors spoke of their difficulties in finding livelihoods and getting help from the Israeli armed forces. They were also concerned about many of the initial aid agencies that arrived in the area, they said. Eventually, survivors received Israeli assistance and prepared responders and roofers for the camps. Gaza transit -- UN Mission for Occupied Palestinian Territories (UNAMI) -- combats rocket attacks on Israel civilians. Spokesperson Patrick Ventrell, a UNICEF spokeswoman, said his organization has "consulted with and is responding to all options and all options" to help secure Palestinian civilians and prevent any further attacks on Israeli property. He noted that UNAMI tracks all alleged war crimes in Gaza. Israel's Western allies and the United States, which do not recognize Israel's legitimacy, condemned the West Bank developments, in separate statements.
Saudi Arabia may block access to popular Internet messaging applications like Skype, Viber and WhatsApp if telecommunication providers there don't comply with rules and regulatory conditions, according to the country's official news agency, SPA.|||The measures are part of greater cooperation between the kingdom and international telecoms providers, the watchdog said. In the case of international companies the government will assess the application's viability and legality. Then it will impose restrictions and allow users to monitor the content to protect their privacy and security, it said. The application's use over a mobile network will also attract new regulations which will require users to adhere to measures, the watchdog said. Other restrictions on messaging and Internet access include restrictions on mobile carrier data usage in the context of the country's universal services law, the Shari'ah Al-Ma'ameen law, a series of traffic restriction measures implemented by the regional government in 2008, and lifting restrictions on the use of English-language mobile phones. The guidelines also demand telecom operators abide by a strict internet environment, including the use of the local language and the construction and distribution of equipment in accordance with the country's sharia. Services such as mobile video, mobile Internet access and mobile internet roaming and fixed-line phone roaming are not permitted on the basis of mobile service quality because there is little or no broadband coverage. .
(CNN) -- Real Salt Lake sealed an upset win over the Los Angeles Galaxy on Sunday night with a 5-4 penalty victory, after extra-time in the Major League Soccer Cup final that ended with the score at 1-1.|||Santi-American penalty kicks clinched Real Salt Lake's first major tournament crown since 1995, when they were the National Soccer League's expansion side that were beaten 2-1 by defending champions Portland. Paco Santos' strike from the spot came four minutes and five seconds after a shootout victory for the MLS side that went out of the league last year in fourth place. It sealed the 2-2 home-and-away tie on aggregate after the first leg drew 1-1. Moving forward, Los Angeles will face Houston next Saturday, which will be the second tie in the last three days. David Beckham and David Villa will also play in the final. New coach Alberto Zacarelli and goalkeeper Adrien Rabiot will line up in the defense. The sendoff came as Rubiot suspected the penalty was awarded. Josh Gersthal later told referee Tom Payne to make another penalty. Led by former goalkeeper Joe Bendik, the clincher was two minutes and 10 seconds after saving Seney Seher's penalty attempt from Sean Barratt. Redirect was taken by Sebastian Perez. Gonzalez was sent off for kicking the double after being shown a yellow card by referee Bobby Davis just after halftime. George Gomis and Takso Taguchi were also sent off for clearing in the 49th minute after video referee Dan Buckley scored. Once the shootout began, Gomis was given a call in the penalty area. That got the first penalty of the shootout and Guardiola fired his own as referee Ryan Salzmann called for the penalty shootout. After the winner, both teams had to wait for a minute to determine who took the spot kicks and then the winner. Real Salt Lake maintained possession in the second half and led 2-0 heading into halftime. But Gomis' penalty marked the end of Real's power. Suddenly Galaxy's momentum looked to be being undone. Goalkeeper Edu was called up and replaced when Rossi leveled. RSL were in control of the game and managed to manage a 2-1 lead after a penalty, but they eventually finished it 2-1. In the fourth minute of extra-time Rossi scored a header from Rubios to lead the visitors. He was substituted just four minutes later for Rodney Wallace. He was later booked for a fourth yellow card. "We deserved to win and Pep Sanchez was the right guy to take it," Veges told reporters. "He was here during the worst moment, but he was an inspirational player, and one of our superstar caliber players. He was fantastic. "
Napa Valley, California (CNN) -- It is the quintessential Napa Valley experience.|||Napa.com 360-degree air is the backbone of a Napa Valley experience. Free flights of whiskies, fresh fruit (mostly cherries) and whiskey are available from wine tastings in the valley. The sun shines through the factory windows, the nose is in a clear rosebud and the nose is only a couple of miles away from Jimmy Dean Vineyards. Like a goat whose head is missing, the young owner approaches a steep, long-viewed hillside that calls to him. Smoke billows from the hills and shadows flash from the face of a large grey dog that is a small crow. Its eyes and wings are all around him, and it beeps. He raises a sharpened arrow with a crow's head and aims it at the window, whisking over the oak and dark mahogany that blankets the vineyards. High on a snowy mountain ridge, the temperature is just right for vines. The outdoor sips offer a powerful, harmonious ambiance. They are offered under clear and cool skies -- just the feel of nature. Known as a do-it-yourself winery, this is a place that tells its own story -- with bottles in wine bottles -- behind the scenes -- in buildings and cellar doors. Red wines are rare, and by harvest time they are often a $15 an acre business. The cost for a glass of them is roughly $17, and by tasting they can be pricey. One place that does serve wine at a reasonable price is Nestle Handcrafted, Napa Valley's flagship. Napa's npt winegrowing area. Source: Netflix.com. The blue mountains are covered in oak, pine and other California native plants. The wilderness is rural, it is picturesque, serene and stunning.
(CNN) -- Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo, who is fighting to keep a political title the United Nations says isn't his, on Monday nationalized the nation's two main cash crops, coffee and cocoa, according to state-run television.|||Ivory Coast launched a 10-month, $200 million plan under the U.S. administration to reorganize the economy, including investments in a $19 billion, $30-billion refinery and pipeline to make oil for export to Europe. This follows a series of United Nations declarations, announced in early February, that have raised tensions in Ivory Coast. All the countries have been involved. The United Nations is seeking to mediate the talks in order to avoid instability that it fears could destabilize the African Union's newest member state. Two years after the commission's recommendations, Laurent Gbagbo -- who has denied that a genocide against his country's French and German-speaking southern colonies occurred -- attended a meeting of the commission Monday, World Food Program spokesman Maurice Omaroupka said. Protesters say that the laws passed under Gbagbo's regime constitute a "punitive and unlawful act," saying they would now apply to the president who they say runs a country in "dark times." The Commission says that ahead of elections on Sunday, Ivory Coast's leaders had talked to President Ouattara about reforming the economy, Omaroupka said, but insisted the talks were about "thorough reform." "I don't think it's appropriate to hold discussions in private over the way the government is currently structured," he said. "It's not only making our economy more unstable but taking advantage of our resources and creating a lack of infrastructure to support our efforts." But Gbagbo said the move made sense given the lags in trade and development that the United States has placed on the country, and that he sees no reason for more such moves. "One of the problems of this country is poverty and unemployment," he said. "And the situation has led us to have these industrial initiatives to protect our food supply." The first projects are scheduled to begin in the coming weeks, following French customs convoys departing from Ivory Coast's capital, Abidjan. The government also tapped in the cocoa industry after a failed takeover by Colombia's cocoa lobby, expressed confidence that the West African country would increase production and attract investment. The agricultural sector is the country's largest export earner and generating more than $5.9 billion annually, and about 15% of the budget, some of which is exported, often to the United States and Europe. Earlier, the government said it would purchase less than 1% of the cocoa worth $4.2 billion from the biggest buyer, the United States. It also proposed $1 billion for small- and medium-sized agricultural projects across the country. Previous developments in Ivory Coast had stoked anger among the country's many people after the U.N. elections, which was closely watched by world powers. Many Ivorians were furious over the outcome, which led to Togo declaring independence in 2002. Last year's vote came more than a year after another presidential vote, resulting in a runoff election. The runoff was contested by the two political parties that contested last year's election. Reuters reported that more than a third of people were injured in that election.
(CNN) -- Police have arrested 27 people in Singapore after a riot that erupted on Sunday after a foreign worker died in a traffic accident.|||Police removed a male motorbike from a busy intersection in Sengkang, just east of Singapore's city-state capital, on Monday after witnesses reported a man on the motorbike breaking a window and taking away a roof of the building. The motorbike attendant was in critical condition at the scene after a fire at his blaze-damaged car, police said. The 22-year-old British man died on Monday when the accident happened in an industrial zone, police said. Fears over the safety of workers on foreign roadways prompted an angry crowd to confront Russian and Syrian police, which responded by breaking up a checkpoint and blocking a shuttle ferry that was to carry thousands of people to their jobs. The ferry was scheduled to leave for Algiers later Monday, but the loading delay caused the vehicle to lose control, ferry officials said. The shuttle lifted the passengers onto board, only to be stopped on the tarmac. Both drivers honked their horn as the passengers attempted to flee, police said. Crowds started to turn violent as people were stranded at the Russian Embassy airport and stranded at the city-state's bus terminal. Some rioters took to the streets, rioting for about an hour until a local Singapore Police official put them under arrest, he said. Some of those who were beaten were apparently Russians. Some were treated at the Singapore General Hospital as well as sent to a nearby area for medical treatment, said Police Inspector Jay Stoltis Chavorkoi. The foreign and Syrian driver died at the scene.
(CNN) -- Yemeni commando forces from elite units are conducting simultaneous raids on al Qaeda hideouts and cells on the outskirts of the capital, Sanaa, a Yemeni government official told CNN on Friday.|||One Al Qaeda official told CNN that high-intensity military raids were going on in two areas of Sanaa, and it was in the Arabian Peninsula. The two raid sites are being attacked at dawn and dusk, wading into civilian airspace, the official said, but it was unclear where exactly. Yemen's counterterrorism forces and another elite unit are conducting the raids, the official said. They include commando units, intelligence operatives and soldiers, he said. Al Qaeda leaders made a surprise appearance this week, and security forces mounted a ground invasion on behalf of the Iraqi Army. The U.S. military said Thursday that it and the Syrian Democratic Forces liberated an area on the outskirts of the capital. Previous U.S. troop withdrawals in Yemen have spooked the militant group and led to unrest in the country. The attacks are not unprecedented. In 2012, US forces in Yemen used drone strikes to launch seven attacks aimed at al Qaeda, but ended in December after many dead. The United States has suffered major setbacks in Africa, and in June al Qaeda retook nearly 100 cities from an overall army of about 260,000 in the former Arab world's poorest country, returning to about 40 percent territory.
(CNN) -- Arab League finance ministers recommended Saturday that economic sanctions be levied against the Syrian government for its part in a bloody, months-long crackdown on civilian demonstrators, a senior Arab League official told CNN.|||The sanctions could freeze Syria's assets and restrict transactions with some financial institutions in the Gulf, including Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Kuwait, senior Arab League official Ashraf Haysam said. Just days ago, NATO passed a resolution that would see some 26 countries officially target Syria with sanctions, including senior military officers and its officers on their payroll. Previously, most governments have not taken any action against Syria. One key aspect was that several countries including the U.S. and other Western allies, especially Germany, considered Syria as part of their counterterrorism network, Haysam said. The U.S. said that following a move by the United Nations Security Council to discuss Syria's military campaign against civilians, that it has intensified its counterterrorism work, going after targets and facing mounting pressure from the United States and other Western nations. "These measures directly target economic and informational activities of the Syrian government and their affiliated companies, in the form of bank assets, and confiscation of agricultural and other real property," Haysam said. The issue had to be complicated, as a slew of countries have moved to shutter their agricultural exports to Syria. Egypt and Libya also have banned al Qaeda, saying they do not want to join Syria's "violent extremist movement." Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has denied any involvement with al Qaeda. Haysam said the U.N. sanctions were based on concerns of the peaceful opposition in Syria, and not "regime change" that some of the Arab nations are seeking. In November, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the United States must look at possible sanctions against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. "It will also be discussed in the near future. This crisis in Syria is not controvertible by al Qaeda," Ban said. "There is not only a legitimate, legitimate opposition that is being supported by al Qaeda in Syria. It is always in opposition to the West and by the U.N. We know that while the use of force is necessary in a military context, the U.N. and its allies must use the force in their legitimate defense of national security interests." Haysam said the U.N. decision would mean financial sanctions against the Syrian government and its leaders. "They must also impose a boycott on the Syrian oil industry, purchase American ships, destroy Syrian diplomatic facilities, settle the Palestinians's settlement issue in Palestine and pursue any peaceful talks with the Syrian government," Haysam said. "In addition, all must respect the international community. These sanctions will include the Syrian defense minister and the foreign minister." The U.N. resolution -- which was lifted by Libya and Washington this week -- also recommended that Syria pay $15 million more to pay for its war effort. "I hope that this follows recommendations that the U.N. Security Council will meet shortly and consider additional measures to give an immediate effect," Haysam told CNN. The new sanctions are the fourth round that the League's leaders have reportedly adopted to punish regime leaders and supporters. Earlier, Haysam called for more than $2.5 billion in sanctions against the Syrian regime, and said the United States and other nations should do the same. Washington has not yet spoken to the U.N. Security Council, Haysam said. Haysam said that besides limiting the sale of weapons, the U.N. Security Council must work toward trying to make Syria pay for the armed forces' intervention. "The measures requested by the countries will target political leaders, industry groups, and those active in facilitating weapons procurement and sending weapons and money into Syria," the official said. The move comes two weeks after Syria's government announced it would expand its Gas Tax -- the country's export regime that the West uses to pay its way in keeping with global expectations. The Syria government has called on its residents to head to Damascus and file a protest on behalf of their elected leaders to block the three-month-old conflict. The United States, meanwhile, is withholding aid until the uprising ends. U.S. officials say they cannot abide by what the U.S. administration says about the president. And at least five U.N. officials have also expressed support for sanctions against the Syrian government, according to state-run Al-Ikhbariya news agency.
(CNN) -- A Massachusetts woman was found guilty Wednesday in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend, whom she bludgeoned and strangled before cutting the baby from the victim's womb.|||But police said McClernand, 20, had fatally choked and restrained Fernandez, who was 7 months pregnant, before killing her. "My friend's missing baby was her daughter," McClernand said. "I knew what they were going to do. I knew it was going to happen." McClernand was convicted at the end of a hearing in October after a three-day trial at the courthouse in Concord, Connecticut. A single juror cleared McClernand of killing the mother, Brittany Williams. The murder case -- which was originally described as a double homicide by prosecutors as evidence was presented to state prosecutors in connection with Williams' previous child abuse convictions -- had previously been changed to a murder charge in 2010. The verdict marks an important victory for the accused, who had been incarcerated since August 2012 after a different defendant, Brittany Williams, was arrested in the case. After first pleading guilty to attempted murder charges, McClernand was freed after a court-appointed judge revoked McClernand's bond. He would have had to stand trial as "a virtual child," the judge said at the time. But in July, McClernand was arrested again and had killed the infant after being indicted on an additional charge in the case, officials said. McClernand was 29. The death of his infant daughter, whom he called Gianna, got McClernand back into court. The baby -- whose name was pronounced without release to the public. McCord told police it was hard to remember what happened because her emotions were so traumatized. When McClernand's cellmate, Brittany Williams, was arrested, police found McClernand's naked body, and they said she was crying, they said. McClernand told police she never realized McClernand was dead. Other people in the group also were arrested, including McClernand's boyfriend, Cameron Zamora. A second woman, Leva Riley, was charged with second-degree murder and gangsterism. Convicted of first-degree murder and first-degree murder last week, Pamela Stevens was acquitted of those charges, including conspiracy. Since killing Gonzalo Sanchez, McClernand had sought to have him killed. He died in the custody of police, and the case was transferred to prosecutors in Nevada, authorities said. McClernand appeared at the June 4 hearing in Conway, where the trial began. During his two-day trial in Superior Court, McClernand insisted on seeing a psychologist, and testified that he was "upset" over the lack of medical attention McClernand received after the alleged deaths of his friend and another woman. Appearing at the double murder trial on a voluntary basis, McClernand was initially charged with murder and first-degree manslaughter, but the charges were dropped when a juvenile was convicted of both counts. McClernand has a criminal history as a juvenile, but her past convictions were for first-degree murder and manslaughter. Sheriff's Office Sgt. Aaron Brault said that McClernand's sentencing was contingent on whether officials had gathered evidence that would reveal further evidence. The defense is asking the jury to determine McClernand's guilt. Thursday, the defense attorneys asked the jury to return a verdict for McClernand. Her alleged co-conspirator, Fiona Roberts, was indicted on multiple counts of murder, including first-degree murder of her 18-month-old daughter, Nicole, and the "murder of the child, infant and child who was killed by strangulation." A grand jury indicted Fernando on four counts Wednesday. Williams, who underwent eye surgery to correct a malformation, was among the convicted in the 2012 indictments.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A bomb attached to a car carrying an Iraqi army general exploded Saturday afternoon, killing the driver and wounding the general and a bystander, an Interior Ministry official said.|||The explosion in Baghdad killed three people and injured others, said Maj. Gen. Abdul-Shahed Tawfeeq. The general was traveling with Brig. Gen. Tariq al-Azizi, a spokesman for the Iraqi Interior Ministry. Both were killed after the bomb went off when they traveled near a checkpoint. Another explosion happened three miles away at a different checkpoint on the same compound where the victim was receiving medical treatment. The child was alive, the spokesman added. The paratrooper driving the car, who was wounded, was hospitalized in serious condition. Intelligence sources told CNN the car's driver died after the blast. Iraqi news agencies had no immediate reports of casualties or damage. Al-Azizi has called for attacks on insurgent sites in southern Iraq and for violence to stop. Heavy bombings have occurred in recent days in Tikrit and Fallujah. In June, ISIS claimed responsibility for the bombing of an oil tanker on a key highway in Fallujah and said at the time that as many as 50 people had been killed and more than 100 were wounded, according to Abyad Shabbiri, a spokesman for the Iraqi prime minister. The blast came a day after Mosul was hit with a roadside bomb that left at least 50 civilians dead. CNN's Tawfeeq wrote about that killing last week.
NEWPORT NEWS, Virginia (CNN) -- A federal bankruptcy judge has denied the Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan presented by suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick.|||His application by attorney J. Scott Evans' was denied in Norfolk, Virginia, federal court on Monday, saying in part, "The judge's order and/or decision does not appear to adequately address the court's position." "The parties have agreed that the bankruptcy is independent and that the application is subject to five key factors," prosecutors said in their court papers. Among those factors were that certain penalties are not legal under state law and that 18-hour quarters for Vick's prosecution could be far greater than the allowed 12 hours a day. Also, neither Evans nor the NFL could spend money they had spent on legal fees to run their league, the NFL said. If the official sentence is upheld, Georgia officials would be able to impose the penalty on all of the suspended players, and if that meant they would have to pay $10 million in fines, the league said. The NFL has not decided whether to keep the penalty in place. ESPN's Rick Gosselin contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Superstar DJ Avicii canceled his Ultra Festival performance this weekend to undergo gall bladder surgery.|||Avicii announced the performance cancellation in a statement released Thursday on his official website. The 28-year-old Swedish DJ released his second studio album, "LIVE!!!," in 2011. He has charted on the iTunes club charts and has headlined the autumn- and winter-class New York shows. Ultra was the largest rave festival in the world, known for its confection known as the Future Jam. It was a packed festival this year, and Avicii was scheduled to headline with his well-known hit "No Escape." "I'm going to go head to head with no resistance," the Swedish musician said in the statement. "I can't talk about it right now. I love life and I can't talk about this right now. I just need to get back to performing and that's it." Ultra in Hong Kong features acts including Coldplay, Kevin Gates, Eminem, Kings of Leon and J. Cole. The festival was scheduled to begin Friday afternoon, organizers said. After the cancellation, DJ Devii held an emergency rescheduled show, "Blind Entertainment Live." The third day of Ultra was Friday night. The postponement of Avicii's performance was announced by Hard Rock Live's executive producer Matt Bellamy. Fans could not purchase tickets to the show, which is being held in London's Hyde Park. It was scheduled to begin Saturday. Fans of pop and alternative music could be excited about the project. The 24-year-old Britpop star is coming off an untimely death in 2011 and an album that was later announced, entitled "Avicii." He is known for raving at Ultra, the nightlife favorite. On Friday he was due to play an untitled electric set at a New Orleans amphitheater. "I haven't heard from him since the announcement was made," Festival Director Doug Liman told CNN.
(CNN) -- Snapchat, the app that sends automatically-deleting messages, has proven to be hugely popular among teens and young adults, but until now, it restricted anyone under the age of 13 from using it.|||The development of Snapchat -- launched in 2011 -- has prompted concern among some people concerned that it could misuse minors' information if it wasn't carefully filtered before being sent to people 13 and older. This week, the maker of the smartphone and the photo-sharing app announced plans to stop charging younger users a monthly fee, forcing them to download new profiles and personal information about the users of the app. The company also plans to suspend advertising services on the app until the suspension is lifted. On Friday, an attorney from the American Civil Liberties Union said that the online report urged that the company stop "all future provisions, including user data and security plans, that might threaten the user's privacy." In the case of mobile apps, a user must be 13 and older to view the content within the app, when notified that it might be used for a profile or notification. It's also important to think carefully about where privacy settings might be applied. "The purpose of the app is to create an anonymous environment of content that is free of personal information," said Megan Gabashnik of the ACLU. "For those who want a legitimate way to keep their privacy protected, it doesn't become a good idea when you limit the amount and type of content available to you." Until now, the app's administrators have never offered the teen permission to do this. In September, the Facebook worked out a deal that should prevent the site from adding filtering to a group of users. Facebook also published a separate posting that suggested people might worry about their privacy with a much more private app. It was the second time Facebook had done this, after banning it for teenagers. "At least five parents have reached out to Facebook asking them about this," Gabashnik said. Facebook said that it was working on an update to the Facebook app to make all users under 13 in a seven-day period. While Facebook features a private window to the user, the private box sometimes lets private conversations and posts pass through. Facebook told CNNMoney last week that it would not share people's information with the FBI or state attorneys general. "There is nothing illegal or illegal about putting information on a messaging service," the company said. There are more than 8 billion free messaging messages a day from other parties to people who don't have Facebook accounts. In addition to messages sent between two people ages 14 and 16, mobile apps such as Skype and WhatsApp, previously only allowed messages from two people. The same message now can be sent between individuals of any age by anyone from anywhere. The app can appear on a computer or mobile phone, from within apps and from any user's device. The app would allow anyone 13 and older access to the same conversations or images, though not all messages would be saved from users 12 and under. The company stopped the promotion of the Snapchat app in August. Users of some other mobile apps, such as MySpace, have not been served by the app due to concerns over their privacy. In June, Facebook tested a similar filter for Instagram, but it apparently worked.
The quest for peace in Syria is now crippled with setbacks, as a U.N. observer mission has suspended operations and attempts to rescue civilians trapped amid violence have proved futile.|||The day after U.N. peacekeepers abandoned the town of al-Ain in central Syria for political reasons, Syrian opposition officials confirmed Syrian regime airstrikes forced al-Ain to a temporary cessation of hostilities, saying the Turkish-backed Syrian Democratic Forces had agreed on a ceasefire. At the Al-Ain checkpoint, an official at the Council of Syrian Co-Operators said the move by rebels, who are battling Syrian government forces to regain territory, will "ensure no part of the Syrian regime will have to cease its operative tasks until all its goals—the ousting of the Syrian regime and the establishment of a democratic one --are accomplished," Syrian opposition leader Riad Hijab said on state TV. U.N. observers have been deployed to the third consecutive day after Al-Ain to begin operations in which they had focused on collecting information on the state of play in the town. The U.N. observer mission has suspended operations and attempts to rescue civilians trapped amid violence have proved futile. "Since the conflict has broken out, there is no official de-escalation area, so [syrians] are now being held in the towns of al-Asin and al-Dukha in Arsal," Kurdish Foreign Minister Nour Derakhshan said during a visit to Arsal, on the Syrian-Turkish border, Saturday. Kurdish foreign minister rejects reports that Turkey has started bombing Syrian territory. Earlier, he said the Turkish military has been conducting several operations in northern Syria. "And we're trying to reduce its capacity," he said. This week, as U.S. President Barack Obama finally broke an impasse that had stalled a peace deal, the Turkish government ordered U.N. and Syrian opposition leaders to hold another meeting for December 2 to discuss ways to find a political solution. Such talks were supposed to include factions who agreed to hold a moderate political meeting within Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's Baath Party. The parties remain deadlocked, and the president was forced to call a Dec. 2 meeting of the Revolutionary Delegation for Syria that had been held at a U.N. conference room that had been used as a listening post for defectors and members of the political opposition in the past, the U.N. statement said. Days before the summit, diplomats were planning to meet to try to broker a peace deal by the end of December, it said. The lead-up to Eid will not be easy. The rebels do not recognize the ceasefire, leaving them vulnerable. The possibility of a direct confrontation with the government of Assad has long haunted the prospect of a transitional government. However, while some signs of de-escalation have been observed, armed resistance groups have not received cease-fires. The United Nations has however continued to send aid to support rebels. The death toll from last week's heavy fighting has reached 10,000.
Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- One man died and another was injured after they set themselves on fire Tuesday in Egypt, the latest in a string of self-immolations in restive North Africa, officials told CNN.|||An Egyptian man whose boss killed himself was working outside the building when the vehicle burst into flames, the officials said. Bystanders told CNN the suspect was a 30-year-old man and said he was self-immolating to free himself from the victim's death, but he did not provide his current residence number or age. A manhunt was under way for the man. Meanwhile, tensions rose in Egypt's north east, with an Islamic State group insurgent group plotting to take over some schools in Tripoli. More than 250 people were killed in self-immolations in Benin, Tunisia and Libya, U.N. figures say. Another six people were killed at the protests in Algeria and five were killed in Libya, authorities said. The north African nation is one of several countries that have been subjected to deadly anti-government unrest since the 9/11 terror attacks on New York and Washington. In Libya, thousands of civilians have been killed, and hundreds more have been injured. Egypt, Egypt, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Qatar also have been subject to such unrest. The unrest is often set off in the nation's most volatile parts, which were once a highly oil-rich region. At the start of the Egyptian revolution, the West found its oil and food production water turned into a source of the country's most serious problems: the flooding. In response, Egyptian officials moved their headquarters from the capital to more secure areas. In addition to the smaller cities, southern provinces have included Gaza. Egypt announced Wednesday that it would suspend ties with Iraq because of escalating violence. This week, the government opened a curfew on two cities in southern Egypt. The closing of the security zone resulted in violent clashes between security forces and tens of thousands of protesters who took to the streets in the cities of Benghazi and el-Arish.
(CNN)  -- Over 28,000 Liverpool fans marked the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster in a special memorial service at Anfield on Wednesday.|||The 100th anniversary of the remains of those killed in the Leppings Lane stadium disaster was marked with memorial services. Prime Minister David Cameron, who had been at the event at the time, was also in attendance. "On the 20th anniversary of Hillsborough I would like to thank the Liverpool supporters who have shown their amazing support and their courage and their courage to help raise awareness and support for the families who lost their loved ones. Liverpool will always be proud of the support the fans have shown for the cause at this time and on the 20th anniversary of the first day of the disaster I hope that we can all continue to show that they live on and help the families of the victims," Prime Minister Cameron said in a statement.  Watch the speech ».
It's tricky business comparing the handful of smartwatches that been publicly unveiled so far -- an early wave in the growing flood of wearable tech products.|||All the data in the video bearout his determination that the Apple Watch will be available in April. He bears particular out that it will not be connected to cellular signals -- making it hard to connect it to Wi-Fi networks. No word on battery life. On Thursday, Apple confirmed the existence of the 10 billionth smartwatch. Most of them will have batteries built into their lower-power generations. Since the watch wears its own removable battery, that makes them super-like any other computer -- big, very battery-guzzling watch. An Apple Watch's battery consumes eight or so hours of battery power. The new Apple Watch, while not offering fast-charging capabilities, will provide battery life in the thousands of uses for watch faces. Here are the smartwatch specifications: Show time as a glance -- even on large displays of 15 seconds. Smartwatch function: Video on two screens; smart beeps to alert user of new features. Smart alarm: Smart beep that turns on when the watch beats a time limit; connected sensors will allow users to measure other types of movement. Our personal favorite: Helpful video feedback that lets us know when we need it. Best for hiking, and other activities. Apple was not available for comment on the device in the recorded video. Apple had this to say: "The product's real name is available now: GreenWatch. No mention of Apple or where it is from will be made. This is an ambitious project we've been working on for a while." Apple, the company that first released the App Store, has released a full review of its WWDC 2010 watch, after having worked with Robert Brasell, CEO of Apple's Education arm, to assist with the Apple Watch marketing process, the company said. Several reviews have been posted on the service's website since Apple had made the product available at launch. See the original article at mclarentech.com. As much as this video tries to convey Apple's preference for developers in particular, the company also emphasized its dedication to customer experience. "This simple, minimal product that uses primarily two sensors and one millimeter of reflective area in the strap as a telltale sign of connectivity to the outside world," Apple's Siri said in the video. "A $150 smartwatch, just like any other smart watch, features clever features that can improve user experience and make smart watches even more useful." What makes smartwatch watches compelling? Apple wrote that it designed the watch to be "way more accurate, easier to read and lower in use than most of its competitors," assuring that its performance will be solid at any level. The company also noted that it's not perfect, but "the benefits we have seen in running a display are immense." I've got the feeling those features will make a huge difference in providing battery life. Apple will release a "fully featured" version of the device as part of WWDC 2010. The final product will be manufactured in California. Apple is keeping the same name as its consumer-oriented release. The Watch OS on the iPhone, the $300 SteelSeries and the smaller-than-10-inch, non-correlated Ceramic Series 2. There is a 1TB version of the WatchOS 3 that will cost the same $200. IBM has also announced it is currently producing a 24,000-dollar version of the new smartwatch. Consumer feedback will be available in early 2010. The company hasn't said how long the device will be available for sale, and Apple is not identifying exact sales goals for the products.
(CNN) -- When President Xi Jinping arrives in Seoul this week, the Chinese leader will have passed over North Korea in favor of its arch rival.|||In particular demand, the southern country has outlined a plan to send more "sea food" to North Korea's capital, Pyongyang, before he and Chinese leader Xi meet with his South Korean counterpart, Park Geun-hye. The government in Seoul, in a statement, said it had pressed for Chinese President Lee Kun-hee to meet with President Kim Jong Un this week. On the West's concerns about North Korea's program to develop nuclear and long-range missiles, South Korea condemned the announcement, and the South's parliament voted on Tuesday to lower the ceiling on its Security Council meeting days before President Lee's visit. South Korean President Lee met with Xi. Both countries' foreign ministers sent a joint statement to CNN to underscore the growing tension between the two countries. According to State Department spokesman Hong Lei, China and the Korean People's Republic have agreed not to further escalate the situation. However, Chief negotiator Ka-yong Yinzhu said that only if China and North Korea were willing to strike new agreements on ensuring that North Korea is able to supply food and fuel to the domestic economy, something that is expected to take place at the summit. China's deputy minister for energy, affairs and resources, Guan Yu, said China agreed to resolve matters with North Korea at the meeting. "China and North Korea have to work together." Why is this problem? President Xi has sent a strong signal that he will not go soft on North Korea. This will leave Moon Bo-gyeong -- one of China's most sensitive leaders -- under pressure to address the issue directly.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are in pole position to pocket the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup $10 million jackpot after finishing the third round tied for the lead at the season finale Tour Championship.|||A Potulent burst of driving took McIlroy to 6 under in the final round. He left it almost four minutes from the finish line before finishing with a bogey three-under 69 in the second round at the TPC Potosi in Atlanta, Georgia. The 24-year-old Northern Irishman will take the Tour Championship, which begins on September 28 at Baltusrol, to China as the final stage of the three-month PGA Tour season. McIlroy and Horschel, who finished tied for the lead for the week, each posted a final-round 64 with birdies seven and seven in their round. Since leading the way, American Horschel was fading away. He found a troublesome left-to-right drizzle on Sunday and had to adjust his driving from the right rough at various points. But on a day when he eventually caught his breath, the 24-year-old led by five shots going into the second hole, where he made his first six birdies in five attempts. Winning the final stage of the season would boost him further. "I've got to play well at home, be careful in both weather and from the bunker. But it's important to be able to finish rounds the way we did today and not fail to make all those important gains. "The bad weather seemed to really sap away some of my confidence today, and I didn't feel like I was putting very well. "My short game was at least a little bit better than it was on Friday and Saturday. But it wasn't producing great-quality plays and I was off by a big margin." McIlroy was among a group of players who started the third round tied for the lead and moved away to establish themselves as more than just a shot clear at TPC Potosi. The biggest wild card for the trio was Tiger Woods, who can leave balls short to five feet. "At times it's a matter of getting my chances," he said after making a double bogey on the 17th, the same hole that he caused the destruction for McIlroy's front nine. "If he makes another bogey I may have to go back to the 15th or 16th hole. "I didn't birdie today at all," he added. "It was a real matter of choosing where to put the ball and seeing if there were any putts that I could put into the hole." McIlroy's open on the front nine was another case of hitting the right side of the board and holing those putts, however, to keep him on the lead. After firing three birdies on the first six holes, he then carded three bogeys on the par-5 seventh and two on the eighth, to close with a 70.
Berlin (CNN) -- It happens more often than you might think: Streets cordoned off and bomb disposal experts called in to deal with unexploded bombs that were dropped on Germany nearly 70 years ago.|||No children or pets were injured during the blast that destroyed a popular metro station in an old neighborhood near Berlin's famous Spreewald district Tuesday, the spokeswoman for Germany's Federal Ministry for the Interior, Brigitte Gielmedenhoff, said. "This is one of the oldest urban areas in the world and quite numerous," she said. U.S. Air Force T-34 B52-1D anti-aircraft guns were used as weapons by the German military in the air war, Gielmedenhoff said. The unexploded bomb was discovered in Philippsburg near where it exploded Monday, Gielmedenhoff said. She said police have preserved the munition. Two children, 11 and 12, lived inside bunkers for protection during the war. The water could not reach their rooms and an area behind the bunkers had a buffer zone, preventing them from touching the bomb. Christine Frey, who has lived near the spot for 15 years, was amazed to find the bomb in the nearby garden. "I didn't think it was possible," she said. Her niece in Germany was 12 at the time and said her great-grandmother received the package at about 3 a.m. The bomb came from a government shop in the southern town of Marzahn-Wolfenbüttel, a tradition at its southern end known as Germersplatz (Woody Woods). "They installed a man to be armed and a bicycle to carry in the wires and furniture," said Jan Wasnys, a member of the Ostbrücke elders (Old St. Bavarians) group. The war ended in 1945. The "Explosion of Lothringer" also came at the end of the same day. Citing figures, it was the first time in 32 years that an unexploded bomb had been found on a crowded street in the district, Wapsie Herrmann told the Wausau Volkskreuz paper. "We have a lot of information, but we had to ask ourselves: Is there anything we can do about this?" She said the old neighborhood was once twice the size of today and wasn't clear where the bomb had come from. Görard would shake her head: "Of course not! Never!" A local man, who asked not to be named because the state secretary for the planning and housing departments doesn't want to get into details, told the newspaper he was so disturbed by the blasts that he decided to live in the nearby woods. "It's in the forest!" he said. "If there's something under there it's buried," he said. "Where else can I go, I don't know." He says he's scared to walk around the area because he doesn't know whether the blasts could come from other areas of Germany, or from other parts of Europe. Besides, what about the occasional gas station owner who has reason to fear the dangers posed by booby traps? He said he had heard people talking about a pressure release of explosive charges. "If someone's picking up a frozen pizza in autumn I'm always quite afraid because I'm going to worry about them." Fritz Wolzer, a volunteer at a local food bank, also thinks it could be a pressure release or a crater from a booby trap. "It's a very, very strange thing. The safe way to think about it is it's a little bit of a vacation," he said. Some parts of the street were evacuated Wednesday, he said. "Two young girls, one of them was very upset because it was her first day in Berlin. She was walking around laughing," he said. He said they were surprised when they discovered the bomb, "because it exploded right in front of her house." He blamed unexploded ordnance. The site where the bomb was found on the street where women and children walk on Monday night.
New York (CNN) -- New York police arrested 50 protesters Saturday on what organizers from Occupy Wall Street were dubbing a day to "re-occupy," coinciding with the movement's three-month anniversary.|||While some protesters turned to Twitter and the site of the protests -- to demonstrate against the union's globalization policies -- others occupied other social media sites. In the New York area, protesters occupied 'Stop Occupy Wall Street,'" tweets said. "I voted for Hillary today #NYCisters. And @nycpolice have removed everyone. Thank you!" CNN's Rainey Landry reported from New York. The NYPD did not respond to a request for comment Saturday night. Monday, in a prepared statement released Saturday evening, the police said they had arrested a total of 50 Occupy Wall Street protestors "despite a reasonable number of peaceful demonstrations by the thousands." The arrestee number from the World Trade Center was one of their earliest, police said. Activists were dressed and sleeping in tents that they had set up in the area of the encampment outside the Financial District. The protesters' entrance was legal. Police didn't set up a perimeter around the plaza from Midtown Park to the site of the bank's Union Square offices. The protesters also hit a barricade at a luxury hotel that holds bankers. Some of the protesters suggested that British Chancellor Angela Merkel should fire her until new energy policies are put in place. Direct action could include protesting Marine One's landing at the airport, protesters said. In one tweet, one of the group's representatives, Allyson Stone, joked in a tweet that the group "We worked hard." In another, protesters said they plan to buy turkey and "mount all of the trees on every possible Facebook page that give us leeway to speak our minds." When asked whether the demonstrators had broken any laws, both said they had not, though some had said they had broken the law. The 30-year-old actress and activist made headlines in 2012 after briefly hosting "Sex and the City" on Twitter -- in which she says she attended only one party and didn't usually return.
(CNN) -- A judge issued bench warrants for the arrest of actor Randy Quaid and his wife, Evi, after the couple failed to appear for a court hearing in Santa Barbara, California, Monday morning, a court spokesman said.|||Quaid would be appearing in court on charges of possession of firearms and drug paraphernalia, according to spokeswoman Lynn Zablocki. Police also issued a warrant for Quaid's arrest Monday on charges of driving under the influence of marijuana, gross misdemeanor of gross misdemeanor of possession of marijuana, possession of cannabis paraphernalia and misdemeanor driving without a valid license. Arrest warrants are issued for felony offenders who have been convicted of a felony prior to the date of their hearing. "Their record is apparently not particularly clean because they have prior violations and probation violations of the probation conditions under which they were convicted and on the charges relating to the breach of a probation imposed upon them," Zablocki said. Questions of Quaid's status on the state Motor Vehicle Commission required him to attend a hearing Thursday to answer questions about his use of a motorcycle. "The vehicle and motorcycle were inspected for inspection and did not make it on the registration, " said Chris Harmon, a spokesman for the governor's Office of the Motor Vehicles Commission. "That is the first time we have had this type of incident at the DMV in a long time." CNN's Chuck Velez in Paris, France, spent six hours stoned for a period after hitting a pot plant in November 1999, arresting him after his house was shot up by men with guns and ammunition, according to police. Authorities said the couple did not know the gunmen, who were armed with assault rifles and had been engaged in at least one armed robbery spree in the southwest since January, leaving one man dead and two others missing after a shooting in the San Fernando Valley. Quaid, who was arrested in 2005 on suspicion of shooting his wife's baby brother, has been in and out of jail since, according to Rolling Stone magazine. Johnny Carson is one of Quaid's co-stars in "The Ranch," and he was a regular on Donny Osmond's "Born to Be a King." The comedian went by the stage name Ron Mohr. He has also made a number of television appearances, including alongside fellow "Anchorman" stars Emanchela Hudson, Armie Hammer, Eric Dane, Ellen DeGeneres, Emma Roberts, Melissa Etheridge and Emma Carken, according to CNN affiliate KCAL-TV. ABC's Melissa Etheridge is producing a "Workaholics" story for the network in Atlanta, according to CNN affiliate KSAB. CNN's Marco Costa contributed to this report.
More than 150 people were arrested in a four-month nationwide roundup of alleged sellers and makers of synthetic drugs, substances that authorities say can be more dangerous than the drugs they mimic, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday.|||The raid was part of a larger program by federal drug enforcement and law enforcement agencies in which they are sweeping up alleged sellers and makers of synthetic drugs, a result of extensive undercover investigations that involve large-scale testing of thousands of substances, authorities said. In a series of announcements, the drug enforcement agencies said in a statement, "we will be coming up with action plans and enforcement plans that will be used to enforce the law and bring offenders to justice." The agency will determine when it plans to continue the arrests, which they said began in May, according to the statement. .
(CNN) -- African American Jesse Owens remains the most iconic Olympian of them all.|||Jen's 2002 adoption helped establish, for a few days, the unifier of the professional sports world. Now the struggle over the use of the term "jazzman" has been put in place by Owens, the Olympic champion judoka who become the official Olympic mascot last year. Now the U.S. Olympic Committee is examining the naming of the Gary Lineker statue to honor the lead-up to the 2012 Games. "The competition definitely gave them more imagination and the indomitable spirit of Jesse Owens," said Mike Whitaker, chief executive of USOC. "It really led them on the path to make the U.S. Olympic Committee more inclusive of African-Americans." And together they created, among many other things, the Jesse Owens Memorial at Olympic Village in Atlanta, which honors the athletes and organizers who helped build the Olympic movement. It begins with the flag that Jesse lifted off from the podium while being escorted to the last match by his teammates at the 1904 Summer Olympics, and then the cap that he hurled at the Soviet Union -- a symbol of the oppression the system engendered. He overcame racial prejudice and a clash with an opposing team he and his team outscored by 30-0. But despite being just a few years older, Owens -- who has taken to collecting memorabilia with a fist raised in victory -- is considered one of the most notable American athletes of all-time. Two slogans tied to his legacy remain unaltered: the Jesse Owens message, now used in sports-related events, and the Jesse Owens Education. His hashtag? #JesseOwensForUM. It helps mobilize supporters around a concept that has been long admired by other iconic American sports stars. For example, other sports icons have been charged with racism for staging "Olympics of Racist Jim Crow," because of their pride in wearing an American flag on a victory pose. Now several African-American sports icons are stepping forward to combat the persistent racism at these games. Williams, for example, has traveled to the U.S. for the first time to attend the Olympics. Her husband, John Reinstow, says Owens inspired him to pursue a masters in masters studies at Duke University. In the United States, Owens will receive the medal for winning four gold medals at the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games and winning a silver medal at the 1992 Nagano Olympics -- both events. "The way he won those games was actually because he was humble and he wanted to serve the Olympic Movement," Reinstow said.
(CNN) -- At some 7 billion people, the world can sometimes seem like a crowded place. But if the latest estimates are to be believed, then in less than a century it is going to feel even more so -- about 50% more crowded, in fact. Such dizzying numbers understandably raise an important question, one that we have been wrestling with at least since Thomas Malthus famously predicted that rising populations would create a food crunch: Can the world's supply of food continue to meet demand?|||Despite the population of the world, it is getting rather crowded, the latest reports by the International Urban Institute say. The average family now has 2½ people and 5.2 kids -- 12 times the population of the United States. The rate is set to jump to 10 percent by 2031. Many of the world's current 12 million people aren't even babies, of course -- many are adults now, growing up in greater numbers than ever before. And this massive growth isn't just in human populations; it's becoming a consuming trend, one that we have already seen around the world, and nowhere is it being more pronounced than in China and Indonesia. This new estimate reflects a clear trend -- the increasing popularity of air travel throughout the world. In addition to the growth of airlines and other air travel facilities, this has seen millions of more people gain or escape from their daily journeys, reduced their expenses or flee. One example of a mass exodus from a bustling shopping mall: an incident, recently reported, in Thailand in which a hungry 3-year-old girl fled her family's Shona home because she could no longer afford to shop for her toy after her siblings had already sold her the material. The resulting mania has forced hundreds of millions to flee their families, leaving more and more of the nation's children without food. It's a reality that will soon spread into other cities, creating the potential for an emergence of a new Middle East, one with no access to safe water and no educational opportunities for children. People no longer live in their parent's house, so they go to school on their own, or worse, rent a house from someone else and starve to death in order to survive. Beechhurst Read more: Helping family survive in Dubai, right now.
The head of the opposition Free Syrian Army told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday he has intelligence showing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government is moving its chemical weapons out of the country.|||Rebels said they had seen "the images of tanks coming down, and the supplies coming out" from the rebel strongholds in Hama. Rebel leader Hamzah al-Khair said the number was so high it was nearly 500. The rebels can now possibly move to southern Jordan, al-Khair said. CNN Arabic's Stu Salam contributed to this report. CNN's Stu Salam in Damascus. Syrian rebels arrest demonstrators, accuse Assad regime of chemical weapons use. Syrian rebels in Damascus arrest regime officials. As Syria's civil war enters its sixth year, evidence of the alleged chemical weapons use and deaths has ramped up. Last week, reports of the killing of more than 60 people by alleged government forces in northern suburbs of the capital emerged on a news channel dominated by the opposition and criticized by the United States. The alleged chemical weapons abuse allegations have divided the country for years.
(CNN) -- After a year of national gridlock that ended on the precipice of a cliff, Donald Trump went nuclear.|||The President elect continues a very tough year for his party, advancing a highly unlikely campaign, by announcing his third opening of new Executive Branch agencies, turning over former Secretary of the Army Jill Milacevic, his pet Venezuela, claiming to have assassinated a woman and caging a black soldier, and crafting anti-illegal immigration legislation. He issued a controversial immigration measure last week, calling for the removal of Confederate monuments from public buildings. He also suggested banning paid parental leave for federal employees, calling for the administration to tie future benefits to performance, by holding the same wave of executive actions that are still under consideration by Congress. Tuesday's guest was Sarah Palin. She makes a strange choice here, considering her unorthodox policy -- a marriage between a man and a woman -- is only effective if accepted by the courts. She's something of an experiment in who becomes president. The advice is the same for a president. The president started her tenure by putting her against it, first by saying the man who impregnated her should be deported, then by allowing her to adopt him if that person was a sexual partner. At the time, Palin was a 24-year-old law student at Houston University. Her support improved over time. In 2004, she served as an intern at Hillary Clinton's Environmental Policy Institute during the Clinton White House, advancing Environmental Protection Agency policies, getting labor unions more involved with the process and ultimately linking petitions to Obama's meetings and signing of the first executive orders. The first order, a presidential order that calls for closing the U.S.-Mexico border and building a wall. And though it may sound banal, it is literally ridiculous. All it means is basically barring an entire nation, especially women, from buying U.S. made cars, setting up solar panels and building walls. It's almost like direct action. There's nothing wrong with this message: if you don't have one, we will stop having wars or promote new ones. Like any other president, it's a tough job. But as we've seen on the part of the White House, it has been politically very tough. There was a number of hallmarks of Obama's tenure: the first term was not only horrendous, it was hugely partisan, and our nation saw that at least 58 states were signing away power to the people -- without justification. The one constant was that we couldn't even get our guns! The second time Obama and the House had joint oversight of those actions was during his first term in office. There was a record number of passed laws to increase gun rights. There were record amounts of assassinations. The most powerful man in the world was walking around raising taxes instead of the national debt. So what's going on here? Is this president trying to run on anger instead of facts? No. He isn't. Of course not. Yet, when it comes to his own personal philosophy, he still sounds like a president, too. Please note the commentary in this commentary was written by a political commentator. CNN Opinion Editor Judd Legum.
A suspected Islamic militant who was detained in Afghanistan in 2001, imprisoned at the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, but later acquitted at trial in Spain, is again facing a trial in Madrid on new charges.|||A Muslim, known as Mohammed Loujain, was arrested in August 2009 on suspicion of participating in acts of terrorism and acting as an al-Qaeda adviser, according to the European Union Press Protection Association. His name was initially added to an indictment after a deadly armed standoff between police and Mariano Oliveira, the Justice Ministry said last year. But prosecutors later dropped the case because of threats to innocent civilians, and Oliveira, who was released to home detention in May, has yet to return to court to face new charges. On the day of his arrest, Oliveira arrived in Madrid to face the charges, who include bringing weapons into the country without permission from the Spanish government and acting as a terrorist, according to a state media report. His lawyer told CNN he has retained the same attorney who handled his defense in the previous case. Oliveira, 24, of Madrid was detained in June 2009, said Catalan prosecutor Roberto Janeiro, according to the state news agency. Among those arrested that day was a Libyan who is suspected of having planted a bomb in the hands of a motorcyclist. He and two other men were arrested shortly afterward and both were sentenced to prison terms of 25 years. Leaders of the controversial Al-Qaeda network alleged that Loujain was linked to a trade of heroin with the United States and Europe. He had planned to sell the heroin with vodka and quarantined a Walmart store on October 16 to "make money" for the drug trade, the report said. The cocaine sold there had the appearance of crack, its counterpart in crack cocaine. A judge dismissed the drug case earlier this year.
(CNN) -- Football legend Diego Maradona had his earrings seized by Italian authorities Friday to help pay off his back taxes, according to media reports.|||The press release came after a grandpa in Rome complained about an elaborate jewelry store and police confiscated several pieces of the alleged personal items that they believed belonged to Maradona, for which they took a deposit. The extravagant set of earrings was said to include one "famous work" made of lightning bolts emblazoned with the name of football club AS Roma and which bore the inscription, "Feuerraggio (behold the) World's Greatest Footballer." It included a Bible, a map of Europe and what's now the World Trade Center locker room. Then on Friday, police raided a supposed police holding cell in Singapore that has been holding singer Sungue Oh, on charges of tax evasion, according to reports. An official at the center-right International Criminal Court in Rome has pleaded not guilty. Spain said it has brought an extradition request against Maradona, but Italy's Attorney General has declined to comment on the matter. Maradona was part of the FIFA team that celebrated its 800th anniversary in 1998. His wife, Maribel, fought against the ban in 1994 and remains an active part of the team. Club officials later said the Spaniard's wife quit the club in protest and has since left the country. However, club officials said last year that she would return to the squad and take on a new role mentoring the team at home. She recently played in Spain's Confederations Cup game against Switzerland but was fined after asking why she didn't play.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- Jack's elder sister was returning from a holiday. Her connecting flight was through Kuala Lumpur on MH370. After news of the missing flight, Jack took leave from his job to come to Beijing in search of answers.|||Beijing (CNN) -- A Japanese airline captain, Jack Huang, had to face his own family. It's the kind of question, the best hope, to have answers. But Tuesday morning, an overcast sky reflected the confusion and disappearance of the doomed flight MH370. After news of the missing flight, Jack took leave from his job to come to Beijing in search of answers. He had to do so in order to search for his extended family members' Chinese passports, which still hold them. "People who were still alive on the original flight were looking for passports and demand passports from other citizens for the bodies to be returned to them," Jack said in a statement released Wednesday at the airport. The search for Yping's family will be watched by aviation experts who have questioned what happened to the famous national carrier and its feared passenger jet, said Joberg Kilowatt. They will also carry out interviews with those on board that didn't return. "This is an amazing chance to see them again after they were dead," he said. McArdle pledged to help the family. "They are looking for answers, here in China." The 55-year-old Hong Kong resident has the only native Hong Kong property and one of the longest-standing long-term leases in Asia. But with the local authority saying the building that was home to his family belonged to the government of Hong Kong, he decided to stake claim to it instead. It also was in exchange for one of his family's passports. McArdle's passport is a legal Hong Kong holder who applied for a property there in November, according to the Han Zheng Communication Bureau. In order to find his family, Jack and his wife need to go to Hong Kong -- which is named for his mother, Hong Kong resident Yulin Liming. "We will change our names to Hong Kong for the sake of my grandmother, because she used to live there and wanted my father and family to know," he told CNN. "We'll open up this territory, that's what it means to us. "When I was little my mother and I would spend time together, it was a beautiful time." Jack, an event planner and an IT administrator, started posting photos of his sister, the Rionego Airport owner. He found his phone in Hong Kong and looked at social media looking for messages from her. The Rionego Airline owned by ZTE Corp. in southern China is one of the largest of the big five state-run airline operators serving China. Though flying for some time, and paying for its services, the Rionego Airline ran into difficulties with its passengers. The website provided details about the airline, including that of a scheduled flight on December 7 that took off from Paris to Bangkok, Thailand. All passengers with Rionego Airline normally have flights to other cities within the Philippines but didn't board the flight. It was impossible for them to leave. Several families in Rionego, which means that if the flight departed then would have landed in the Philippines, they would have been given passes to transfer to other cities, but not to Hong Kong or the other places in the Philippines, one source said. Rionego Airline is known for scuba diving and prizes.
Sydney, Australia (CNN) -- Qantas is considering legal action against engine-maker Rolls-Royce after one of the manufacturer's engines sparked a fire on a flight last month, the airline said Thursday.|||It was said to be working as planned, and no one was injured. But furious Qantas employees threw away repair tools and passengers carrying water and food threw them onto the ground during landing. The problem started after engine problems began, said a maintenance engineer working at the aircraft's ROV (recovery engine) facility. In an interview released Thursday, Rolls-Royce Aviation CEO Mike Horrocks claimed the problem "came from the wrong place on the wrong end of the aircraft, from gas leaking into the cabin." It said it was working to "avoid any future occurrences of anything similar." In the U.S., it is using a different service that provides maintenance maintenance at engines in an effort to ensure improved reliability. Rolls-Royce agreed with the national airline's March 11 conducting of the situation, which prompted passengers from both commercial and domestic flights to call in sick from the two DC-9s they had been flying on. "Rolls-Royce has offered full cooperation and has made necessary corrective action available to prevent future incidents," Horrocks said. An engineering document issued with the investigation this week found the missing foam was "having an effect on the plane when, during landing, engine systems and energy flow weakened by run-up energy to the engine, and the engines developed a faulted protection mechanism." The Boeing 777 engine that set the aircraft on fire burned, Qantas spokeswoman Grace Fitzgerald said. "The first two flights to the runway safely landed safely despite severe turbulence." One pair of emergency landing gear were found overhead near the Qantas airport, and the aircraft had landing gear wash-outs. Flight attendant Christina Miller described dusting off her leg after she reached into the fuselage. The crew went through emergency hot-sinks, which were activated to turn around the jet, after discovering the fuel jet was leaking into the cabin, Fitzgerald said. The investigation showed the jet's fuel line actually leaked off both seats while other parts of the jet were unaffected. The aircraft was fitted with a feature that allows the engine to be operated by other airlines, engineers said. As part of that, the manufacturer can switch between 12 and 18 shutdowns per year. In the typical flight, maintenance engineers can put on and off that one setting, Horrocks said. "It was something like the worst internal parts of the aircraft that happened," Horrocks said. "And that did happen. ... It was the kind of engine that most airlines use." Horrocks has urged Qantas to improve working conditions and to follow all manufacturer's standards and specifications. "We are willing to make changes to improve customer service and security," Horrocks said. The company is paying an independent safety study, he said, but the results are not expected to be published before the end of the year. The warranty on the Rolls-Royce ROV's wing 1730 engine is valid for 30 years, and that will be amended. However, there was "no evidence whatsoever" that any of the flight planings, parked or conducting service in the area at the time of the fire were impacted, he said. The technology is complex, Hurrocks said. Passenger safety watchdog AirSafeThis report will be amended at the close of publication.
(CNN) -- In what was a bizarre, disturbing scene at Wimbledon, Serena Williams withdrew from her doubles match with sister Venus Williams on Tuesday due to a viral illness.|||The situation was caught on video as Williams practiced on court, including a headband with sweat rolling down her face. She then walked out of the court with her water bottle in hand, bangs hanging from her hair, while her handler directed and encouraged her to go for a sit-down with his staff. A message on her smartphone sent to her colleagues with "bad news from the Williams sisters is out of date" and to her agent. But she would not comment until the other players returned from a match. Wimbledon chairs not ruling out further officials involvement.
(CNN) -- A strong earthquake measuring 6.1 in magnitude struck southern Iran on Wednesday, according to a report from the U.S. Geological Survey.|||A strong earthquake shook southern Iran Wednesday, said the U.S. Geological Survey. Eighty-five civil and military casualties were reported, the agency said in a statement. The quake struck about 10 miles southeast of Dari province, and damaged villages and was just shy of the main road on the Iranian territory, the agency said, citing early data from telephone and radio information. Isolated buildings and rubble could be visible from the roads, but no casualties were reported there, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Turkish football club Fenerbahce have been excluded from European competitions for two years after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) upheld a ban issued by UEFA.|||Fenerbahce was given a 10-point ban from European competition and will have to pay the $14 million fine. The Turkish club, who lost their Turkish League title last month after they were relegated to the Turkish Cup, won the Turkish league for the first time in 105 years, but were runners-up last season. The League of Europe club have not entered the Champions League since 1993 after finishing ninth in the league the season before. Fenerbahce earned that last title in 2000 but was not promoted the next year. Manager Nigel Adkins, who was suspended and took the decision to appeal UEFA's ban on 19 November 2012, claimed that Fenerbahce had engaged in "gaffes" for the fixture against Besiktas (formerly Transtar Belgrade) despite having already been relegated. "It was in our view that the player has not been willing to pay anything because we asked for a point," Adkins said. Fenerbahce became the first club to be relegated from European competition in 105 years. While remaining champions league in 2008, the team finished in the bottom three and is regarded as a weak link in European competition. After playing in the Turkish League Cup for nine years in a row, the club won its first competition in the top flight of Turkish football. It then won the league title in the following season, after they beat Galatasaray in the final, on January 31, 2010. The Turkish media reported that Fenerbahce had established a negative image in Turkey by losing all nine of the games that the Cup final was due to be played this season. Adkins could not confirm reports of his upcoming departure, adding that Fenerbahce was even looking for other ways to improve its reputation.
The United States believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria, two U.S. officials first told CNN.|||The troops came from Daraa, a northern province in northwestern Syria, according to CNN Arabic reports from several sources within and outside the region, and aircraft were visible for hundreds of meters, with dozens of "objects burning." A U.S. official confirmed to CNN the military target area -- an area of Daraa province in northern Syria -- was not clear. Although the strike "could have been a result of the large-scale offensive Israel conducted and continued to conduct after the launch of the targeted missiles and airstrikes into Syria," the official said. But U.S. officials believed it was actually the Israeli strike, CNN Arabic reported. The officer involved said he believes a large number of people were killed, including 27 civilians. According to the spokesman for the Syrian Military Assistance Force, Lt. Col. Talal Abdulghani. He said the strike in Daraa resulted in a mobilization of the entire brigade, which included soldiers from Daraa, which passed over Baghilid village during an evacuation. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad praised the rescue of two civilians from al-Assad's hometown of Aleppo, and praised the move of the U.S. military for helping "keep America safe." But he said the U.S. military is continuing its support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who vows to defend the nation. CNN's Tamerlan Shari, Alana Rozenberg, Ali Abed Rabbo, Ahmed Abu-Malik, Habib Alsalim, Salim Abed Rabbo and Ramon Almogandi contributed to this report. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
It's the second most common cancer for men worldwide, but prostate cancer remains difficult to diagnose, with standard blood tests criticized for delivering a high rate of false positives.|||It's about 30 million men in the United States and 9.5 million worldwide who have had prostate cancer, with the majority between 50 and 69 years old. It's the second most common cancer for men worldwide, but prostate cancer remains difficult to diagnose, with standard blood tests criticized for delivering a high rate of false positives. Earlier this month, the American Association for the Advancement of Science said prostate cancer could be underdiagnosed and cost-prohibitive, according to a new study. But with more research, it's becoming easier to track the condition than ever. Symptoms of prostate cancer include the presence of thickening of the prostate or swelling of the prostate gland, enlarged prostatic ducts and inflammation of the prostate. Additionally, prostate cancer can be found in response to a number of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) tests, which include imaging with light or in combination with some types of large cells for evaluating the presence of prostate cancer. But the study did not say how many men might be diagnosed with these tests, which target prostate cancer cells rather than other types of cancer. This means that the majority of patients will die from the condition. But advanced techniques such as biopsies can be effective, cancer scientists said. "Once we detect these prostate cancer cells and detect that they are not a result of the cancer itself, we can use the evidence from the chemotherapy side of the treatment of prostate cancer to correct the specific characteristics of prostate cancer," they said. The study, published in the journal Cancer, which identified 26 types of prostate cancer, recommended a battery of complementary and alternative blood tests, but not because it tells us which types to use. Cancer experts say that screening tests should be carried out in a clinic, laboratory or in other setting based on a broad range of factors. Prostate cancer screening tests have long included an MRI, even when accompanied by other imaging techniques, which examine only prostate tissue. They often also include an urinalysis, which reveals whether there are cancerous cells growing in the bladder or, so far, not so much. The data is sometimes extremely sensitive, meaning it can detect prostate cancer even when the tests do not. "This is challenging to use a broad array of additional screening tests or other tests," said Dr. Simon Ellis, a senior research associate at the American Cancer Society. "We know you can't sit on the couch for five years and be completely satisfied that you have prostate cancer, but we're trying to give you a better picture of prostate cancer and other types of cancer." The overall trend is for prostate cancer to take four years to fully recover from treatment. Prostate cancer is also a getter, so we're making about one million surgeries a year for cancer that started in the 90s. Men with prostate cancer actually have no need to see a doctor, and the number of non-emergency surgeries will generally fall to 20 to 40. According to the American Cancer Society, there's no major public health emergency involving prostate cancer. That means getting to know your prostate cancer, especially in the early stages, when the cancer is best managed and treated, is much easier, as it's a lot cheaper and less dangerous than a mammogram or MRI. Some of the cancers that most people think about are also the same for other types of cancers. For instance, there is only one cancer that affects the male genital tract, and it's called Non-small cell lung cancer.
(CNN) -- Russia's controversial anti-gay propaganda law has sparked the "defining civil rights movement of our time" according to U.S. athlete Nick Symmonds.|||Simmigrated from Uganda to the United States in 1991. "I considered myself part of the movement," he said in a statement issued by Amnesty International International USA. "But now I'm also part of a movement that is more important than ever in my lifetime," added the lawyer-turned-activist. The Russian Federation is accused of cracking down on gay rights after the October 31 coup. It has already filed 14 lawsuits, with three of the cases initiated against attorney general Michael Mukasey last month, including the second seeking extradition of gay columnist Peter Murphy. In September 2012, the U.S. Senate passed the legislation to prevent citizens from protesting; Obama said the move "is a monumental step forward," even though the General Assembly failed to ratify the legislation. A rare act of non-binding federal legislation, the controversial legislation was to set aside a previous ban against the free expression of views on sexual matters, that is, referring to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual and other sexual orientation. But this year, as France formally re-entered the Olympic Games, President George W. Bush issued an unprecedented public statement in support of human rights. "It has become clear that America would not go to East Africa if the French faced any very different circumstances," the president said. "Such decisions and propaganda that have at various times tarnished the image of this country in various ways are reprehensible." Safdar Yousufzai, an attorney representing more than 10,000 Russian citizens, said in February that "speaking out against the law today in any country shows a total disregard for human rights." "It is nothing short of an act of civil disobedience that would cause widespread damage," said Yousufzai. On September 10, the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a non-binding resolution granting President Barack Obama and New York Governor Michael Bloomberg "interim amnesty and presumption of innocence in the termination of proceedings where a citizen of the United States has been convicted of a felony." Clinton, a delegate at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, plans to introduce the bill next week. The draft resolution was issued by the Senate Judiciary Committee on September 12. It calls on "authorities to protect citizens from the abusive, threatening and insulting rhetoric being spread through the media." Critics argue the bill is an attack on civil rights, attempting to rewrite the U.S. Constitution in the Russian language. Moscow is home to the U.S.-led Human Rights Council, whose work includes exposing threats made against international civil rights organizations by Russian authorities. Human rights activist Julian Assange, who co-founded WikiLeaks in 2010, is one of the top advocates for the gay rights activists. Symmonds, representing Team USA, said that he was not concerned by the timing of Russia's decision as he was focused more on regaining his rights. "I think they realized that a lot of respect would have to be paid to athletes from more Russian countries," he said. "I think Russia has just made a commitment to respecting our rights." Abdulaziz Badran, head of Russian Human Rights Association, said that "it's (a) very important issue of raising awareness about it."
(CNN) -- The University of Florida's health system is reviewing the application of a heart surgeon from Kentucky who came under scrutiny after a CNN investigation into the deaths of babies in his care.|||The assessment of Surgeon Bradley Peeler, who as part of the world's largest cartilage company offers children surgery, was launched after reports that he performed heart surgery on at least three newborns, including one at Rainbow City Hospital in Stuart, Florida, about three years ago. In the past few weeks, CNN has found that Jeremy Preston, known as Dr. Catalina Preston, had treated six babies in his care. Preston, a heart-health cardiologist who is not employed by the hospital, told CNN in an interview that he was the best surgeon he's ever had. Preston said he believes the medical establishment had "fully taken responsibility for this problem" and that it's part of the Affordable Care Act's health care reform. Preston said he knew he had a caring approach to his work, and the way he spent his staff was simply to involve as many families as possible. But Preston noted that the procedures he had done with his patients had the basis in his background of "shifting the urgency" of complex surgeries. One patient in the statement said the chest surgery Preston performed on Preston was "inconsistent with the original procedures." Preston said he told Preston he had performed the surgery by himself and that it had broken his chest "dynosynosynosynosyn." In the statement, Preston said he did not discuss with Preston patients'' hearts and their care that there might be a tumor in their lungs. CNN's Tom Jones and Sara Henry contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- A review of forensic evidence in New York City rape cases has uncovered 26 incidents where critical evidence went undetected, prompting the city's medical examiner's office to look into more than 800 rape cases over 10 years, "reviewing and retesting everything."|||"It was one of the most egregious" (issues) the Met investigated, said Detective Gil Bennett, a police detective who specializes in rape cases. "It wasn't in the way we usually handle this type of investigation," the detective said. This year's review discovered nine of the 11 cases where chemical evidence, including semen, brain and vaginal samples, was inadequate, including two in which a police homicide detective reported that he had witnessed the rape, Bennett said. Detective Francis Cerrito also tested a sample of stomatocellular tissue and notified police that the victim was reported unresponsive. He told investigators the rape victim was found unconscious in her bedroom and died as police closed in on her in the middle of the night, the detective told CNN affiliate WPIX. The average rape victim is two to three days old at the time, Vera Barbaro, the chief nurse for the Diocese of New York said in a statement. "After all these years, at this very grave time in our society, and after an adult has been molested, it seems that it has finally been deemed a fact," the statement said. "We take any time we can to learn, to understand and to reflect upon, but we have to be sensitive about what it means." The Met's Supervisory Medical Examiner and the city's medical examiner have reviewed enough reports to determine there are currently 25 criminal cases still awaiting completion of forensic tests, according to spokesperson Sandeep S. Sheng, who declined to comment on any of the four cases. This week in a Washington Post story, President Barack Obama said "New York City investigators are continuing to inquire into how a particular cop mishandled cases that were crucial to the success of the city's justice system." Varadinte Goretti, senior program director at the National Center for Victims of Crime, also said that the Met's review of dozens of rape cases over 10 years has identified incidents where suspect DNA was pulled but could not be recovered. "We are going through the whole stack of files -- every type of DNA. We are going to look at every single piece of DNA we can get," he said. Among those is a result of the fact that the reason that sex offender Christopher Cruz left so quickly after he committed rape was "that something like that could have been prevented." A year after an assault, he was able to turn himself in, according to her spokeswoman, Marissa Caruso. When she realized DNA evidence had been tampered with and deidentified, she said, she immediately felt guilty and confessed to prosecutors about trying to keep the case secret. "I knew that if I had let this story go, I would have been facing a lot of legal and political repercussions," she said. Even if prosecutors had gone back to the criminal justice system to prosecute a serial rapist, she said, the expert in those cases may have been better off not trying to uncover the truth, at the very least by taking the case to trial and giving the prosecution the opportunity to see the facts for themselves, and perhaps addressing any concerns or concerns that might have arisen. In the two other cases, both involved a neighbor who heard the victim on the street talking about her boyfriend that night after he beat her up. "She went down there and beat me," said Cerrito of that neighbor who died of a drug overdose in New York City in 2007, "but nothing was done to take care of the issue," she told CNN on Thursday. "My frustration is that there has not been any follow-up to this case to review any of the complaints." In the two other cases in which DNA evidence -- such as vaginal and anal tissue -- was missing in some form, DNA testing is scheduled to begin as early as this summer. The other two cases resulted in death determinations. In those cases, where possible, the NYPD alleged that the DNA could not have been collected from the rape suspect because he was high in a harmful environment, Detective Kevin Daly said. "He was someone a person was trying to move forward with his life," Daly said. "There was no reason to make him, in my opinion, to terminate him." The other two cases reviewed, involving DNA tests -- one that didn't prove a person's guilt -- involve an aggravated rape. Garcia's family will request that the justice system "apologize and defend," the family said. Garcia said that decision will be made once they've concluded that no charges have been made against the assailant.
New York (CNN) -- Health advisories were issued for four beaches in New York City Thursday evening as wastewater from a plant continued to discharge into the Hudson River, according to a press release from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection.|||In a preliminary test indicated the wastewater from the Metropolitan Washing Treatment Plant released into the Hudson River was in safe levels, the health department said. All residents in New York City were warned to limit their recreation on various beaches around the city, the news release said. The most urgent health concerns related to the wastewater spill are "headwater contamination," a health department spokeswoman said. All exposures in the city must be reported, as well as the public health measures. Changes in recreation are being made due to the release of wastewater, the department said. The health department will monitor the situation. Cell phone lines may still be busy. License plate details were not available. CNN's Tony Rose contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In a matter of minutes, a way of life disappeared in Hackleburg, Alabama.|||Eight police officers were driving through town late Monday night when they heard gunshots coming from the direction of one of the officers' apartments, residents said. When they looked, they saw four people on the ground in the middle of a residential street, down an alley, and on to the busy pedestrian mall, according to a statement by jail records. Two of the men have been arraigned on murder charges, one on two counts of attempted murder. They are going to the same correctional facility where they were caught, police said. A third man, now accused of the shooting and assault on the officers, will face a grand jury to answer questions on two counts of drug trafficking -- charges that he vehemently denies. After the shooting, the officers raced to their apartment to shoot the gunmen, who then ran away, said Matthew Robinson, son of police chief Billy Robinson, who issued the arrest warrant. "They got caught on film trying to shoot them," Robinson said. The remaining two men had gone for a motorcycle. The community has been tense for months over the deaths of U.S. Marshal Michael Revesky and Lt. Bobby Darger in Jefferson County. At least one congressman has served as a federal public defender and another said he had requested funding for a new police officer to lead the community. CNN's Jordan Roman contributed to this report.
(CNN)An ISIS outfit based in northeastern Syria has been drawing up plans since at least the middle of last year to kidnap Westerners and others in neighboring countries, a Middle East security source told CNN on Friday.|||The 11-man unit, known as ISIS Derer, is based in the al-Hasakah province, which includes areas in Idlib and Hama provinces, where al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, or ISIS, has seized some territory in recent months and has taken advantage of the millions of refugees and dozens of evacuees who have fled the violence, according to U.N. refugee agency officials. Abdul Wafa Abib Khalili told CNN in September that ISIS was looking to make Syria its new model for such operations. "We are sharing information with other stakeholders in the region on how ISIS is conducting itself and how we can put a stop to it," he said. Western jihadists have been set free from captivity by ISIS in Iraq and Syria since the 2007-2010 civil war, CNN's Juliana Montes de la Garça said. But in the Islamic State's zeal to wipe out fellow Muslims, it also has exploited the terror group's fighters' weaponry. ISIS attacked Syrian Islamist rebels in the country last year, dropping weapons and training to them into neighboring Iraq and Syria, the United States said in October. U.S. officials were among those who reported knowledge of a growing number of cases where ISIS was trying to "remake" Syria. ISIS began planning abductions in Syria after al Qaeda rolled out its arsenal in the southern city of Jisr al-Shughour, but it was left to al Qaeda's allies in the rebel forces -- Nusra Front and Jabhat al-Nusra -- to complete the task, CNN's Mursit Fatima reported. ISIS also created an autonomous, self-governed area in Syria for families trapped in other parts of the country, Diyala provincial council has said. That area is in northeastern Syria, Abu Dhabi and the Saudi-owned Al Zaatari, the council said. The head of ISIS is ordering such a state, Dhaher Hijazi, a senior tribal leader from the former unit said in a report. Diyala said ISIS is seeking a peaceful state to set up an Islamic system. "We regard this territory and the ISIS we have made will serve as an essential buffer against the Islamic radicals in Syria and the rest of the regions like Qamishli, Hasakah and Idlib," Hijazi said. The Syrian Revolutionaries Front, a Kurdish-led rebel group, is in charge of the provinces of Qamishli, Idlib and Anbar, according to the Qatari Ministry of Information. CNN's Stephanie Derbez contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Another "Real Housewives" divorce is on the way.|||W, the wife of Rees Johnson, disappeared last summer. Johnson died suddenly with the couple's son, Rocco, from a crushed left hand. A witness saw Johnson leave with $100,000 to the estate. The Estate probate was reported by the publication ProPublica. Through a "detailed blog post," attorney Jennifer Lewis confirmed that "Jennifer G. G'Stelle appears at the retreat with trustee David Leff and Dr. Daniel Wente. She claims 'a client is still estranged.' When questioned about the importance of the first document, Leff said her client is married and believes her last document was in 2013. Questions exist about whether or not they should face probate for legally filing an 'unnecessary' divorce, Lewis said. A man in denial claimed his wife was an abusive wife who only wanted a last-minute fix. His lawyer insisted the woman had a choice in her appearance, and she took a job at media house USA Today Media. She and her husband only began living together after separating, Lewis said. "The whole story of the marriage, as many folks see it, was a puppet, a war, someone playing the marriage and the law on the couple." Clinton, who is the daughter of former Congressman Robert F. Fulghum, told CNN affiliate WPTV-TV that "married to a Washington lawyer, she's probably going to do everything she can do to stay intact." Mccarthy created "RHONY" about a year ago. The reality star and her controversial husband -- both working full-time jobs that often go to traveling press -- left Philly and headed to Los Angeles in 2014. Two years ago, she divorced Lucille Paredes-Zofia, and this spring she became a single mom. Their relationship was described in a New York Times story as "friendly." "I love and respect the damage the media portray as a civil divorce," she said of her family's recent battle. "But they made a big mistake. People all over the country keep asking where our kids are. I don't know, I don't know what to say. I'm just trying to get on with life. I wish them the best of luck."
(CNN) -- Cadel Evans secured Australia's first ever Tour de France victory after the 21st and final stage of the historic race culminated on the streets of Paris.|||Since 1983, the Tour de France has been won by French cyclists and foreign spectators, with the absence of a host of American riders over the season, which has ravaged the national sport, it is the first time Britain's record champion has not won the race. Only French rider Nicolas Roche, from Sunweb-Astana, has captured the Tour earlier, claiming victory in 2005, 2007 and 2010. Evans, who has dominated the race for the last eight years, will be looking for his first Grand Tour win on Saturday as he tries to set a new World Tour record for the format. "All the other tools are working," Evans told reporters. "I'm glad I can go forward." "The wattage (time) drop will be of no concern to me because I'm one of the quickest in that group, so I just try and be in that group and see what happens. The next start at 11 o'clock will show that I can get there and then somehow still try to stay in front of the bunch as they're going around here to do something special." - "I think I can get there really quick. I'll be there to defend the high and the medium speeds if I need to. "Other wind conditions could still be a factor, but I've got good confidence that I'll be out there on the race tomorrow and can really try to keep up with my lead group. "The sprint was one of the best in the race today, with only sprints looking like a threat, but it was too long. In the later stages, I was able to get out and get sprint points and even win a few of them, while the bigger disciplines were cursed." Evans, who will challenge World Champion Mark Cavendish in Saturday's final leg, averaged more than seven minutes per kilometre compared to Cavendish of the second-placed men's peloton and was the second fastest in the team time trial at 15:31. Evans could not alter his seeding from the under 23 peloton, which was seeded for the races for the elite division. He finished in the top 20 in both rankings on Wednesday.
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods doesn't have a great record in team events, especially in light of his stellar solo achievements, but the world No. 1 helped the United States win the Presidents Cup for the fifth successive time Sunday.|||Woods helped the U.S. team win the 2011 Presidents Cup, breaking the trophy's 50-year wait. The world No. 1 turned 32 when he went into the final round at the Oaklands Country Club in Nashville, and even after two bogies, Tiger Woods remained undefeated on the European Tour. "It's a phenomenal feeling, a great feeling," Woods said about his victory. Woods was joined on the winning side by Ryder Cup teammates Tony Finau and Dylan Frittelli. "It really sets the scene and you just gotta get the holes going." Germany has, this season, won the cup at various points on its own back nine as a team. Woods' part in helping the Americans beat Sweden this year included three birdies on the back nine in two holes on Saturday, when he was the only English player at the leading position. Woods insisted he had no reason to falter, but the finish came with three bogeys in four holes. Instead, Woods looked typically composed as he repeated his huge career low score on the fourth, which saw him finish third in the team scoring. It was the runner-up's return to that high a score in the United States. It was his best finish in the team game, as he also scored a five-under 66 to claim the gold medal with Wgc captain David Marr. The victory was the second for a U.S. team that had won the event -- 10 years ago -- in Chicago. Thomas Bjorn and Sandy Lyle won in 1991 after their third team victory at the Chicago event. Before that success in 1999, was when Bill Torschorf led the United States by winning the tournament in Georgia, still en route to his first Presidents Cup triumph. Woods is the first American man to win the team title since Arnold Palmer in 1997, while Teddy Lindblom won two. Woods became a cult figure on the PGA Tour in 2009 with his second title at this tournament.
(CNN) -- The European Parliament recently voted on a bill titled "Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU." A laudable goal, for sure -- but activists characterized the bill as a Trojan horse with chilling effects on free speech and opinion. The response from the European Parliament left much to be desired in terms of respect for democracy and voters.|||Last week, European Parliament Members (MPs) used the messaging board Twitter (Social Policy) to push through a tough-on-gender-bias (GBB) agenda that has resulted in a backlash from Dutch feminists, French lesbianism, and a swath of Jewish people, including the newly elected female Senator from France Anne-Marie Duval. Dubious, but not unreasonable, as the bill stipulates that women's rights "subject to equal protection at the national level with respect for the equality of gender should extend to those same rights of men." EU law also does not include the national definition of "discrimination." So, targeting from two angles: preventing women from living their "sick lives" (that is, adopting the gay marriage law, for example), and sanctioning them for non-work related discrimination against men. If the bill had been filed by members of European Parliament, it would have been debated and voted on earlier this year. EU scientists have shown that the bill -- introduced by conservative member David Kidney -- fails to address a problem that is already on the increase: discrimination against women and men, since the dawn of the 21st century. Last month, the European Parliament heard testimony on a bill entitled "Law of Equality" that seeks to implement effective change in French and European courts concerning human rights, including the war crimes against women, civil rights violations, human rights violations on the basis of sexuality, political correctness, and social inequality. The bill has already attracted strong support from European leadership. According to GenderQ, a pro-choice organization, government-backed changes will be likely to be passed in November. But let's also not forget that the bill seems to have been written without the guidance of experts, mostly from the European Parliament, and without consultations. What if members of the European Parliament push through the bill without real consultation with the groups most affected by the ban? What if it infringes upon the right to free expression on the basis of the belief that gender bears no exclusive rights? In a sense, Europe's gender ban appears to be a form of conservative austerity. This is unfortunate. The United States banned affirmative action for transgender people after a brutal mass shooting in a public park in North Carolina and then went on a campaign to ban conversion therapy for men from having sex with men. When someone misses their B.A. the following year, they receive a pass back, allowing for them to get another chance to sue -- only to be denied a pass for the same reason if they are trying to get a sixth, which would be the case in Europe. How does this all make sense? Gender models? Culture? Bias? Humanism? These issues matter. International law needs to be changed if a person's free speech rights will be maintained and extended to anyone -- whether it is someone's personal view or another person's legitimate right to speak or to just take up an opinion that interests them. I certainly don't object to being subjected to hate speech or threats of violence against anyone and I still don't want to be subjected to the bully pulpit that is being set up by the European Parliament -- that is, a bully pulpit where the power of the majority is being used to control the views of a minority group," said Thomas Kroft, director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR). "We must give some thought and call out these security issues that this bill wants to bring up before voters, this power grab on the part of politicians." In Mississippi, longtime advocate for LGBT rights Leslie Weathers recently fought against the transgender exclusion bill that would have resulted in prison time for anyone voicing opinions contrary to the official recommendations of the state legislature. She received the death penalty for 14 years for the insult she made, among other things. It came with an increased threat of legal action, including legal threats and fines. The response from the European Parliament left much to be desired in terms of respect for democracy and voters. Imagine a similarly timid reaction from the European Commission. What rights and protections would it take for those who disagree with its proposed bill to be able to exercise their right to free speech? In 2011 I went to Britain to protest and get an actual arrest warrant issued. The problem I had with this bill was not that it was misogynist. It was that it was based on a threat. It was about what it amounted to. Valerie Robinson, HRC senior director of human rights, was not able to identify the intended target group, but it was worse for certain men. That shows that it failed to even begin its mission of fighting against negative stereotypes about women and men, according to Robin Gregory, director of Human Rights Watch.
(CNN)Cigarettes have been put out across the bars of New Orleans. Cigars are welcome no more.|||" ...the cigarettes have always been a part of our cocktail and now it is time to take them out," said Josh Dubout, New Orleans' area deputy police chief. "It is not, however, a challenge for us to determine if there are any legal health consequences associated with smoking. ... Dealers will be shown the FDA instructions on individual measures if they want to keep their cigarettes for continued use until an inspection is finished. We just want to be clear about the rule: There is no longer a smoke delay from January 1st up until July 14th." The move was made after the city's Inspector General found that 22 percent of the new campaign shops did not have a habit of taking out cigarettes for personal use. "In New Orleans we still do not have tobacco-burning businesses, so we felt the time was the right time to make a change," Dubout said. The order tells all tobacco shops to take out all the smoke and by June 30th, 2015 the city will be able to collect taxes on tobacco sold from December 31st up to the end of the month. Cafes, bars, restaurants and otherwise public facilities will be given priority over other food offerings. People are also asked to bring a paperless sign with cigarette names and why they are leaving the premises. "I think I would like to cite my parents more often as an example, but they are around the corner from me and I've been ignoring my call! "I'm not going to take the chances of giving up on the guys that make me take a s'more." In a press release, the mayor called for more resources and added it will require additional activity from the public in the areas being served to "deliver greener solutions." In Tuesday night's review, the Mayor's Office found "significant marijuana violations" in New Orleans, including cigarette sales, empty packages and bottles damaged by the smoking of his wife's home brand of wine. Additionally, more than 70 homes have not yet gotten smoked after a member of the public made an allegation against him, according to the report, and inspectors appear likely to see as "unsafe" the additional offense that consumers who refuse to buy from a dealer "should pay full price for a cigarette but will never consider accepting a pack of cigarettes that have been provided." According to Tuesday's charges, some of the smokers used in Monday night's crackdown are:: Those with less than 3 months' worth of smoking history, unknown how old they are, such as young parents, minors, women and relatives of people with the same sex, who prefer to have at least one adult, and who say they are in a home that no longer has tobacco and/or who smoke in the home, by whatever means. The damaged displays are recorded on their fast food establishments' records with the rate per trip. Residents are also required to identify anyone who has sold a product containing substances that pose a health and safety hazard. The names of friends and family who support the smoking habit are also on display. Of course, these will not be mentioned in court, and it is important to note that the consumption of tobacco products has no practical health consequences. However, there is still a slight risk that smokers or other addicts could end up in a situation in which they become dependent on their inability to be turned away from a bar so as to avoid the risk of falling ill. If they do decide to quit, they can take home an order for a large quantity of cigarettes or see their health deteriorate, or be sentenced to hard labor for a period of up to two years, with possible jail time if it becomes prolonged or if smoke inhalation accompanies the death of one of them. Because the smoking of tobacco is known to make acute and chronic heart failure, all bars may suffer less as the smoking of up to 600 cigarettes is carried out, or without a match in the case of epic drowsiness, which is associated with an increase in respiratory disease or sudden cardiac arrest, according to the judgment. The judge "is recommending that the City of New Orleans remove all those signs and address all health and safety violations related to the use of tobacco and other tobacco products at all times at the City's bars, establishments and in its streets," according to the lawsuit filed by New Orleans liquor sales manager Matt Williams. "The community should choose the lesser of two evils when it comes to the consumption of tobacco." In addition to the regulatory requirements, the city also requires distributors to ensure that if they do provide a product containing a fire hazard, that the source is out of the city and the safety hazard exists. An issue with mixing smoke with other items in a popular flavor is that it can result in both an exposure to all forms of fire. Among other things, smoke and loss of health and a heightened sense of risk of having a fire in your home because it may affect your ability to breathe properly. The city's Commissioner of Health's order calls for order 6.2, banning combustibles of more than 200 types. 1. The initial definition of the colour green - which consists
(CNN) -- Wildfires burning across some 1.4 million acres in 12 states have forced the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses in one Texas county and claimed the lives of two firefighters in Florida, authorities said Tuesday.|||About 175 wildfires have broken out since June 1, some of them igniting with alarming speed across Mexico. They have burned more than 132,000 acres this year alone. Of the total, 61,500 acres have been burned in Kansas. Most have sprung up in the sparsely forested Ozark Mountains, which just west of Memphis is a four-state forested zone where the wildfire season runs from September 1 through October 30. Kansas is one of the most inhospitable states for forest fires, according to the Kansas Forest Service. In many cases, these fast-moving fires have resulted in downed trees, limbs and other debris being tossed at firefighters. A failure to stop the WAG-14, a serious fire that started in the Tehachapi Mountains in southern Mexico is responsible for at least one of the two deaths among nine firefighters from Auburn, Arkansas, who died Tuesday in the blaze, the Arkansas Forestry Service said. Gusts of winds created large pieces of wood debris, sending them flying and dangling dangerously close to firefighters working at the scene. If it starts, you can hear clinking wood once or twice for 20 to 30 minutes. When the wind lightens, power from a nearby chimney may come on, and more pieces of timber could fall on firefighters with experience working the fires. Tennessee is no longer included in the state's forest fires danger level. In the western part of Texas, fires in the wine country east of Beaumont are jumping the interstate and burning hay fields, the Houston Chronicle reported. Jackson County, south of San Antonio, reported two fires in 2011. The area burned last year was located from the historic Battle of Lipan Valley to the junction of Alabama-Elk County Road 66 and Highway 58, the newspaper reported.
(CNN) -- Video storytelling can be a very powerful thing. Moving images coupled with compelling sound can transport a viewer to a different place, inside the story. To achieve this level of storytelling you must be a technically sound shooter. Here are the basic tools and tips needed to become a great video storyteller.|||The interesting perspectives and use of color in film and television can elevate photography and tell a beautiful story. But if you don't know how to, these tips will help you do so. Text presents a virtual high-tech mini-dance party. They're only a click away. You'll be able to see everything in your hand or see anything as the camera whizzes past in front of you. See how they created that zippy jean. Have you heard about Artist Leah Coleman? Even though she is an independent photographer, she runs a national visual exposure company called LEAP. She also produces editorial and publication materials that exist around the world. More from the iowa video: The top creative solutions for creative people Awards: 25 new fashion designers to inspire you. This week we're focusing on those that link your activity into the content of the story. » It's a good time to share some of our takeaways! These include: (1) A functional camera that captures the full impact of the frame, a supportive partner and a go-to essential filter. (2) A camera that allows the photographer to control the video itself, whether it's panoramic or landscape. (3) An autofocus to produce big bang dramatic effect. (4) A filter to let the audio play when the background music plays. (5) A nice ear opener. Click here to see how the clothes you choose are changing people's lives. Why do you choose them? (1) We all make the choices that we make. (2) And most importantly, be sensitive to the emotions you are making, which will allow you to create a story that matters, regardless of the cost or consequences. Use the earpiece design: Use the earpiece design to emphasize the negative traits people are on and the negativity that's going to cause them. (3) But we don't have to go out of our way to tell the story in an interesting and entertaining way. For example, some of the most resonant movies we do are those that address the subject matter, and are sometimes critical about the racial or gender diversity of actors and actresses on screen. The advice is the same as the advice from the judges in the awards show -- look into the details and make sure it's there for you to use in your own work or a story. (4) Decorate your photos with a simple or highly innovative filter that you can control to make the images more beautiful and unique. This would also help attract those who want to capture the better elements of a photo. Just for fun, we came up with this fun and easy way to choose your flash type from scratch! Check it out: a simple flash-stick/shutter selfie.
(CNN) -- Microsoft has announced its Surface tablets, due out late this year, at a time when security is a growing concern for users of mobile devices.|||At Microsoft has released two Microsoft Windows tablets, the third on the Windows 8.1 system, to compete with the newly released Xbox One and Google Play Android tablets. The new gadgets compete in a crowded market, according to several analysts. Last week, Dell and HP both revealed their plans to release new smartphones and tablet hardware in 2013. Forbes first reported the news and now has more from the company. Microsoft and Blackberry last week each announced tablet makers to compete with each other in the coming years. While they both highlight more-expensive devices, the out-of-the-box experience is far from inexpensive. Although Microsoft's Surface devices are notable, the company's tablet range is actually even cheaper than Xoom, another Palm-based gadget developed by Blackberry. Already available from most major PC manufacturers, Microsoft's Surface tablet has cost as much as $600. Unlike Windows 8.1 -- which launched Monday -- the hardware shipped on Tuesday is free, according to Microsoft. The new Tablet will run Intel's X-Pro platform on the tablets, and will have a price of $280.   Watch today's top 10 news items » Read more:What tablet game are you playing? We explain.
(CNN) -- If you access Facebook via the Web browser on a "feature phone" -- a simpler, less powerful cousin to the smartphone -- your experience might improve significantly over the next few weeks.|||When your iPhone or Android phone is activated, you'll find a new "The Media Manipulate Us" button in the bottom-left corner of your Facebook message window. Click it once and your text message on the right side will bring up the Explore page. That would also become the destination for your Photos and Social -- which means your friends and family will be looking at your photos and games on your phone. If you don't have a Facebook window open, maybe they'll welcome you back. Facebook is rolling out its feature phone program to 5 million phones around the world by the end of the year to more than 3 million major companies, according to a statement from Georgia Software Technologies. They also created the site, updating their servers every two years, while also adding features such as full-screen apps. They've added an in-app video conferencing feature, which could be accessed in more countries. Introducing the feature, the company says it will appeal to the "character fatigue" that most people may feel when using a feature phone. It all points to Facebook now having everything available in the U.S. as part of its "excellent" stable of sites for mobile users. A Facebook spokeswoman did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment.
(CNN) -- Let's assume you live in Utah, Hawaii or South Carolina, and you go to Nevada for a vacation. While in Las Vegas, you spend some money in the casinos.|||Visiting Nevada, Nevada, is the safest place to go in the United States. The study comprised visitors to Las Vegas, the Las Vegas Strip, the casinos and attractions along Interstate 15, and a few places close by, it says. While in Vegas, you spend some money in the casinos. Would you rather play video poker or play slots and gamble on slots? Let's examine some gambling policies that make Nevada safer. 1) A goal of the study is that visitors will know the odds when they cross the entry threshold. It's based on an experiment with a model similar to that used by Vic Rich in the "Real Virgin America" program. In the project a group of consumers decide where to gamble, then choose an attraction. The tour guide specifically admits that about half of the tourists they meet in Vegas are in the restive resort state. So what's an emerging trend? Casino interests. 2) Because gamblers may be more willing to gamble to overcome worries, the man who calls himself a "gambling prophet" may attract casinos near his home. As many as 42% of college students say gambling is their favorite vacationing activity. 3) Because they want to enter the Las Vegas hotel and casino area by November 15, they might be in the habit of just spending money on souvenirs. As the study by consumer researcher Peter Black described it: "Locked in the hotels, businesses, restaurants, and bathroom utensils, you're the only thing available to that room. There are no resident free of charge to visit the spa area. "Vegas addicts -- she said -- will go as far as to seek out the hooker and follow his every demand. There are some rules attached to gambling, such as not allowing alcoholic beverages and driving illegally through the casino without a license. "If you're going to gamble, you're bound to take risk. ... Moreover, they will behave like cheaters, because they are not required to recognize or support gambling laws. They are obligated to accept illegal business. They think it's an acceptable business for the taxpayer, especially if the bill to pay for the room is more than one hundred dollars." 4) Without the safety nets provided by a government safety net, we don't always come out on top, and we sometimes fall short of our goals. 2. The United States was the "worst jurisdiction in the world" in 2007 because of the number of shipwrecks. There were 235 vessel wrecks in the United States and the bottom of the Atlantic. However, because the Navy base in Charleston, South Carolina, is surrounded by sea, a navy ship which conducts routine safety patrols in the coastal waters is often used by law enforcement. R.C. Howard, the navigator of the U.S. Marine base in Hampton Roads, Virginia, is one of the people who worked that safety net for the past 12 months. "We have 11 ships in the waters we do not have permission to dock," he said. "The crew is responsible for operations and is not paid on a crew-by-crew basis." 9. Always bring a pay phone. What we know about 'hot line' service -- when police do not report violators. Travel to a private island without a reservation: $2,000. 10. Pay a person, only if they are paying for their boat, bridge or yacht. This year, there will be a limit of two million people worldwide. 11. It's unsafe to travel on the high seas. Yes, they can hitch a ride on private boats but it's illegal to rent them. Yes, they could be risky (extremely unsafe and expensive). Speaking of driving, you should come on at least one straight route -- motorcycles should be prohibited, watercraft are allowed, board your small boat, walkers are allowed, or use general public transportation instead of traditional public transportation, which can run a ship or many hours of dry land on a boat. 12. It's safer to see the website of Richard Free, the author of Lonely Planet Who Crashed. CLICK HERE to view the interactive map.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A construction worker found what appears to be a World War II-era bomb Thursday afternoon at a work site on Hong Kong Island, prompting evacuations in the area, police told CNN.|||The bomb was found Thursday afternoon at Tsim Sha Tsui City Local Government Building, about six miles west of its corporate boundary, the Hong Kong Police Department said. Police would not say whether it was found in a bomb yard, suggesting it could have come in as a booby trap, though several areas around the area were under guard when workmen were testing the site for explosives, the police department said. There is no indication of a bombing threat. Police initially called it a problem believed to be natural. The cause of the accident is unknown, the police department said. In 1956, the city received a bomb. Shortly after the incident, the Union Defense Mine Ministry said it found more booby traps on a nearby mountain. The discovery of the bomb "on Hong Kong Island stands out due to the high accident rates along its mountain road," police said in a statement. All warning signs about booby traps are in place -- to remove the threat -- the police department said. The team determined that the booby trap was not a bomb. The device was confirmed as a World War II-era biological explosive at the National Museum of Physical Anthropology in London. A letter identifying the cadaver as made up of large fragments of a bomb piece said they "testified the design of the design of the booby trap did not contradict the specifications of the nuclear weapon carried in the bomb. Any harm to an ordinary person who happens to be among the passengers or passers-by will be minimised." The Ministry of the Navy said it had not received any complaints regarding the May 9, 2011, incident. Ten people were killed and another 13 were injured at the nuclear plant following an explosion of a less powerful bomb. At the time, nobody knew whether it was a nuclear bomb or an improvised explosive device. CNN's Todd Lelong contributed to this report. CNN's Nikita Djordjevic contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration has selected 43 more technology specialists as Presidential Innovation Fellows to help the government devise new ways to operate better and save money, President Barack Obama announced Monday.|||The 38 awardees are members of the Presidential Innovation Council, a volunteer Senate committee that considers all possible appointments in the federal government. They provide a different twist on White House initiatives. Once a director of such a program, Obama has named it to a lower honor roll within the administration. They are appointed to serve at "exceptional senior positions" rather than permanent congressional positions and work for the president. After obtaining approval from the Senate, each holder must propose a work plan to the Senate President and others. Those groupings then go to the White House's leadership, where they are reviewed by a committee of senior White House officials and completed by the Bureau of Science and Technology Policy experts. In a message last week, the White House said the chief of staff will "take careful account" when making recommendations about a specific area of research, development or development. One of their finalists will be taken to George Wallace University, located in Birmingham, Alabama. Other proposals include Secretary of Commerce under Obama and a panel that will comprise congressional leaders and senior White House officials. Such officials typically fill two spots in the Obama administration. Officials have not said how many candidates for the Presidential Innovation Council would be selected. The program was created two years ago, and accepted applications from the public and private sectors, under the guidance of a team of former White House scholars, foundation scientists, real-world leaders and parents of students studying in the United States. By awarding the slots for each student or business in a federal-supported free-riding area, Obama gives schools a spotlight in which he can further their opportunities to make great contributions to government and strengthen their reputation as a service provider to the public. The fellowship consists of 42 Fellows, 26 Directors and 30 Executive Fellows. The end of the 50th Congress will be the first time that an all-White Senate committee has made nominations. Senate Republicans have proposed the idea of a bipartisan congressional roundtable on technology. The legislation will seek nominations in the near term and must pass Congress by April. Then the full Senate will meet in May 2012 to consider appointments to all new seats and select the new positions.
Chhukha, Bhutan (CNN) -- Bhutan is the last of the Himalayan kingdoms. The small country is situated in the nooks and crannies of the highest mountain range on earth.|||The country defeated the remnants of its former rulers in 1953, after which it was formally divided and found a "good balance between monarchy and empire." The two sides ultimately came to an alliance in 1959, but yet their national identities and differences were cemented. Mongolia declared independence from China in 1964, and The Dalai Lama visited Bhutan in 1964 and 1955. The Chinese government called a state of emergency in 1957. In the following years, the United Kingdom insisted that Bhutan remained in a federation with neighboring countries -- most notably Bolivia. The UK, the United States and France also opposed the creation of a new system of government for Bhutan; the United Nations International Commission on the Status of Women condemned the "widespread political injustice" and demanded more autonomy for Bhutan. The Bhutanese government did agree to a 2005 peace process and in 2007 a cease-fire between the government and the People's Liberation Army, the Maoists. Since 1966, Bhutan has been without a political elite, even though it has become a multiparty democracy and has a political party. During the 1990s, the People's Liberation Movement in Bhutan (PLMN) - the movement which took the country under its wing in 1966 and now includes the capital Thimphu - overtook a political party for self-government. The government is still technically run in a single office, but the prime minister has moved into a state of affairs like that of a monarch; the president is the deputy prime minister, who is also the head of state, while the prime minister is the president's representative. CNN's Niwanhwe Chashmin said the experience of Bhutan was "undoubtedly educational" in bringing people together and "an awakening of human spirit." Chashmin said: "This is how the national interests of the people of Bhutan came to be." More than three million Bhutanese work in the fields and other industries but, as Chashmin said: "The people are mostly looking for some stability for their lives and also improve conditions for their children."
(CNN) -- Soccer star Nicolas Anelka has sparked controversy after making a gesture one French government official called "shocking" and "disgusting."|||"I bet for him 100 euro." After the first half of a match in France in May, Anelka and French league soccer club Nantes went inside the Centurion Congress building in the heart of Paris, and Anelka threw a Fort Saint-Just flag toward the French flag and then did the same in French rugby union. The flag is in his honor in the English League, but in France, it is kept by the top league team as the official record. When an elka was asked to sign for the euro in his concession box, the man laughed in response to a question about whether it was a fair exchange. He replied: "I'm talking about my salary, not the salaries of other people." "He does it for the French football team," FIFA spokesman Nicolas Nanou added. "Nicolas Anelka is the picture of fiscal responsibility in action," the federation said. "Nicolas Anelka celebrates his team's position in the French League. "It is unjustified and he belongs in the Champions League." Anelka was questioned last week over comments he made last week on his influence in the French league, one that called his attitude towards the French people unjustified. He was asked whether he "feels like talking for the media" and other people "who enjoy the personal pats on the back and always hint of generosity." In June, Paris Saint-Germain was beaten by France in a qualifying match in Europe, with Anelka going on strike and drawing criticism from French authorities. "This is an extraordinary diplomatic error," President Francois Hollande said in a televised interview, according to AFP. "It is outrageous, it is shocking."
LAS VEGAS, Nevada -- LeBron James put on another shooting clinic in a 118-81 rout of Argentina as the United States locked up a tournament gold medal to go with an Olympic berth at the FIBA Americas Championship on Sunday.|||L, 26, got his 41st career triple-double as the NBA rookie of the year led the National Team to a triumphant victory over host Argentina, who finished fifth in the FIBA Americas Championship. "I'm blessed. ... Yes, I'm blessed," James said. The 28-year-old had four 3-pointers and 28 points as the U.S., playing with Americans overseas at the beginning of the month, outscored their Argentina rivals 70-24. "It's amazing. It's more about the shot than about us. It's not just me or the defense or it's my teammates, it's what can make me better. How long is it until the next time?" James continued his blistering start to the game. "A lot of great shots throughout, it's not just one thing. But when you put two or three into the court together, it works. ... And it is such a big part of a team who never wins. So I'm looking forward to seeing them out on the court again." James, one of three rookies, started alongside center Brook Lopez. He had 18 points, 12 assists and nine rebounds to add to his record 44 made 3-pointers this summer. The two MVPs, who couldn't hold back the Americans' shooting showdowns against No. 2-ranked U.S. team and Cuba earlier this year, kept firing away at all key areas of the game. After showing off his range, James got into a stroke that put him over a hip cage or a steel-cage-turned-steel cage, cutting through one defender. "It's really about doing the things my talent does," James said. "And my time is near. I'm focused and I'm really ready to get the job done." He added that he missed a couple free throws during the first half, but he said he had learned and was over it. "I wanted to do it, that's all that matters," James said. "Do the things to perfection." "I've done a lot of things in my life. From martial arts, traveling to film conferences, the NBA to the Champions League, sports medicine, everything. But I don't know what to do to get something done. ... I don't think they've really taught me to shoot a basketball." NCAA -- Most frequent shot-blocker from '01 to '10 Fernando Canfora makes Dr. Seuss' sit at retirement. The 2-time Los Angeles Lakers import has been on the federal restricted list at the age of 23 because of surgery for back injuries. But his chances of cracking the NBA's restricted list have increased ever since. He is considered fit for certain games under new FBI rules set up after he was caught drinking during the 2007 FBI sting in Florida that left a suspect dead after he fired a softball during a trial. "I'm hoping I'll be more valuable and I'm glad they're able to help me out more," Canifor said. "I think they're becoming more open to me getting more shots to the line. They're more willing to work with me when they can because the game isn't going all the way for me. I don't think they're letting me out. "I wish I was more open, but at the same time, I want to shoot it." Canifor, the 27-year-old Russian-born native of Los Angeles, took some of his international experience over his longtime homeland and has an NBA team in the United States after one season with the Lakers.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN)ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site.|||A typhonous smoke was seen rising from the site as a wind turbine caught fire and exploded, then a blower bomb hit while militants used bulldozers to blow up walls and destroy a building, CNN learned. The site also featured a crater that will supposedly be the main entrance to the oil refinery. The structure should be rebuilt to rebuild the oil refinery, spokesman Ibrahim Hajri said Sunday, referring to the announcement by ISIS. On Wednesday, a U.S. oil company said it had seized a major oil refinery near Baghdad after ISIS attacked, making it impossible to reach the local headquarters and the area around it. The army did not control the site of the refinery, known as Badr, but the figure also failed to address a question about how it was such a major asset. Suwaid Aziz, a fighter with the ministry of defense, said the Iraqi army had confirmed that the parliament blocked access to the refinery to the international oil companies. There is only one gas tank at Badr, sending the thousands of barrels of oil it took to move its cargo every day, he said. An independent Iraqi operative operating in Badr said that the headquarters of the Ministry of Petroleum and Logistics is on the outskirts of the refinery. If it was the refinery, the only three refineries it could have used so far have been in Badr, which is based 30 miles north of the capital, Baghdad. ISIS said on the Facebook page that it controlled Badr al-Shabaab, Iraq's largest refinery, adding that its militants had been guarding the site since October, when they raided the petroleum station and took crude oil and another array of chemicals. The claim was made in Baghdad's Balad district as well. The refinery controls about 3% of the nation's crude oil production. Baghdad insists it continues to allow the free flow of petroleum. At the same time, Baghdad has spent a year trying to wrest back control of Badr, which was seized in late August by Islamic militants. Since the takeover, Iraq has brought in state security forces to help contain the growing banditry. Iraq sent in the country's three warring factions to the state. "We are fighting against Islamists," Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki said Thursday during an economic conference in Baghdad. "We are fighting ISIS militants. If these militants take Badr al-Shaab, we are going to face them head on," Maliki said. The Badr oil refinery was reportedly bombed by militants on October 7, causing an oil tanker to crash into a pipeline, officials and local residents said. Heavy fighting broke out near the refinery after ISIS abducted a Saudi army intelligence official earlier that month and took her hostage in his territory. On Thursday, Iraqi forces raided Badr al-Shaab, but a day later, Iraqi security forces invaded but failed to drive ISIS militants out of Badr, where dozens of militants were killed in the clashes, Iraq's military said. Jihadist Brigades say Islamic State control of Iraq's most significant territoryIraqi Army on the side of the border with Syria. ISIS in Iraq. In a statement Sunday claimed it controlled Badr al-Shaab, Iraq's largest oil refinery. According to the IS military support group, the unit included three tanks, an artillery brigade and heavy weapons, the statement said. The statement also said ISIS had advanced beyond Iraq's perimeter and were moving into the Muslim-majority area along the Israel-Arab border in Iraq. CNN's Nick Hobie and Zahid Yusuf contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A 32-year-old Saudi Arabian who has crusaded for women to drive in her country said she was stopped Saturday for driving a car -- even though there is no law against it.|||A 30-year-old woman from the capital, Riyadh, lives with her aunt as she drives down the street, Dhamid Said Al-Hamoudi said in a video message. "Today, when my son was born, the lady asked him to drive me and that drove him to the airport," said Al-Hamoudi, who was stopped by immigration officials. She said Al-Hamoudi drove her to the court where she decided to plead her case. While the women's rights movement is the first to push for legalizing such a decision in Saudi Arabia, the name of the judge who reached the decision has been dubbed "Sultan Hamoud." King Salman is the first king in the Islamic world to recognize women driving. A woman's rights group, founded in January 2012, has been working since that time for legal permission for women to drive. President Barack Obama allowed women to drive around Washington in February to celebrate the U.S. Women's March. CNN has previously asked how women in the region will protect their rights if women are allowed to drive. And how will they feel if they drive while they keep their hands in the air?
(CNN) -- Pirates traded gunfire with Togo security forces early Tuesday from a hijacked oil tanker off the west coast of Africa, the International Maritime Bureau said.|||Three people died and five others were injured in the incident, which occurred about 50 miles off the coast of the West African nation's capital, Lome, according to the International Maritime Bureau, which monitors maritime incidents. Two ships and a rig, also believed to be operated by Qatar Petroleum, had been stricken in the hours before the gunfire erupted off the coast of Lagos. There were no survivors, the bureau said, but two people were reported missing from the oil tanker. The accident happened in heavy fog, the agency said. There were no fatalities or injuries among the three crew.
(CNN) -- A volcano erupted Thursday in Guatemala, prompting officials to evacuate 35,000 residents, a spokeswoman for the Red Cross told CNN.|||RXucuyun volcano erupts in Guatemala. At least 35,000 people were evacuated in the village of Acapulco after the eruptions were known to be confined at that time, CNN affiliate TVABN was unable to get in touch with organizers of the evacuation Wednesday night, with reporters limited to temporary shelters at Los Tuxtlas. Police removed 75 vehicles from the ground in some areas and were using tear gas, authorities said. Emergency shelters were set up in 26 buildings, with 14 shelters designed for pregnant and lactating women, Yolanda Markland, a spokeswoman for the Red Cross, said Wednesday night. An estimated 10,000 families have evacuated, according to the Red Cross. "Most of the evacuees have been able to leave their homes and families," Markland said in an e-mail. Authorities do not know what caused the fire at the volcano, but there were some tents and tear gas alerts, officials said. No one in serious structural damage or with other injuries was reported, according to the U.N. Environmental Program.
(CNN) -- Kenya's bar association is calling for the prosecution of men who publicly strip women because of the way they dress.|||MIFAt the top of the order is Kenyan al-Fackon, the president of Kenya's bar association, who is in a position to bring charges against the men who strip women, as well as the legal authorities who allow the public to gather in anger in areas where they believe sexual assault and threats of rape is taken seriously, he said. The association is urging its members, and all members of the bar association, to take immediate action to force the men to leave the women alone. The association said the incident in the town of Angoi, outside Nairobi, occurred on March 1 and that the men had been charged with indecency against women. Two months later, it raised the number of people calling for the prosecutions of men who stripped women because of the way they dressed. In the area they gathered, some were happy to let the men pass, others were quick to start an argument, Menek Block told the BBC. He said that, as the lawmaker for the district of Kihumi, "there has been a long history of this indecency on the part of women," with both men and women accusing him of other charges, including assault. Block and other bar associations have also started charging citizens who light alight at night in solidarity with the women and attack passersby who ask them to leave, he said. The Kenyan bar association said it will offer four separate disciplinary fees for men who raid the public toilets in the city. The total bill of $11,680.50 according to the association's Web site. It hopes to send a strong message to those who attempt to strip women and harass passersby, Block said, adding, "Racism is not based on national pride." But he also said the issue affects all Africans. At least 14 men have been charged in Kenya for public opinion crimes, Block said. Kenyan Sen. Jacob Oduor also has joined the cause and backed the move, issuing a statement in English, saying Kenyan society is welcoming of changes. "We must honor the idea that rights must always be defended in society so there are no more demands that citizens simply sit quietly while others harass them," he said.
(CNN) -- To Sam McNair, a 17-year-old high school senior in Duluth, Georgia, it was an innocent hug.|||The attack happened last week at Kyle Park, where Sam McNair was a middle school student and a Christmas party host. Police said McNair, now 17, had grabbed a Santa's cradle, offered it as a gift and the detective who placed it grabbed it out of his bag. "A lot of people thought it was a joke," he told CNN. McNair's reaction to the attack was difficult to watch, and it left him confused, distorted and ashamed. No matter what it was, McNair said his last memory of Kyle, who was a father of two, was of hugging him as if he always did. "I don't know what to say," he said. "I was like, 'Hey, who did that?'" He said he hadn't heard the woman's name. "I didn't see her." McNair said he didn't think anything unusual about her kidnapping, nor of a charge or indictment against Kyle as part of a "misuse of the police department," as the Federal Bureau of Investigation characterizes the case. She says he was walking through the park looking for a job when he shot her in the left arm. McNair said the man shot her because he didn't like the way she dressed. In a telephone interview with CNN, he described being inside that man's body and said that he grabbed the cradle in what he called a "soft, sleeping gesture." He described as a "touchful gesture," because she was there to share her family's Christmas plans with him. It wasn't until days later that news broke of his attack. In the hours after the shooting, McNair fled the Aurora, Colorado, home with his father and another member of his family. He was comforted by a nurse who was one of several volunteer nurses at a nearby nursing home -- which helps foster teens. But McNair said he started to suffer after the attack. Last week, four police officers, including another off-duty officer, were shot and killed outside Wal-Mart in Duluth. Aldrich Dale Villeneuve, 35, was fatally shot, and Robert Mandeville, 27, was shot once, both died of wounds. The two men, who worked as public safety officers, did not report the incident to the police department, but used Facebook to alert witnesses. Manning on tracking down McDowell's location. Conviction of murder has been brought on three officers. Randall Dickinson of the Duffield Police Department told CNN that Helene Clark, 38, was "fairly shaken." Mack Hoover of the Duluth Police Department said the officers were using a Taser to handle the weapons. Jackson County Sheriff's Office Lt. John Gross told CNN that the exact bullets used in the attack are still being analyzed by forensic analysts. A news release said that "it is believed that shots were fired by someone who crossed into E.Dale Lake at a distance away and was present when the scene was broken up." An autopsy is still ongoing on the officers' injuries and is scheduled for Thursday, the department said. Guandich said the detectives also are looking into the death of Thornton Gould, 57, which police said occurred after they tried to stop him from taking out jewelry and revealing its owner in a possible suicide. "The police are dealing with an accident and possibly an accident here," he said.
(CNN) -- A woman climbed a barbed wire fence at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Nova Scotia, Canada, on Sunday with the intention to stop the plane she thought was carrying her husband, said a Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman.|||The woman was flown to Halifax from New Brunswick with the help of United Airlines. She was wearing a Bibs with no pants on because she was wearing a suicide vest, Blair Morrison, a spokesman for the Ministry of Transport and Infrastructure Canada, told CNN. The aircraft, a Boeing 737-700, left Calgary, Alberta, at 12:30 p.m. CT (4:30 a.m. ET), according to United Airlines. Photo by Spencer Yip. A woman believed to be the pilot saw the plane coming and told people inside the plane not to get out. But Miller's plane was too close to the ramp at the entrance of the airport, so the pilot drove the plane on its own to control the plane, said a statement from Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department spokeswoman Megan Botelho.
(CNN) -- A fatal train derailment south of Paris was caused by a part disconnecting from the switching mechanism on the tracks, the head of the French national railway company said Saturday.|||The derailment occurred late on Friday night near Châteauroux in the city of Villefranche-de-Rouen. Train 1208 from L'Enfer to Bercy stopped mid-way after getting stuck in a broken switch, which leaked oil and diesel fuel onto the track, which did not pass through the conductor's gear, the railway company said. The accident left four people dead and 136 others injured. Thomas Burkholder, the general manager of the Intercontinental system of the company, said a break in the traction gear and then the motor severed, causing the train to derail. He said the trains' speed was 20mph. "We're in a 100 percent protection situation and if we got a signal fail we could not delay or brake," Burkholder said. "We're working closely with the force of the victim's family so we can serve them the best we can." Transport minister Alain Juppé said the crash occurred when the train -- which was carrying about 170 passengers and three crew members -- came off the track on the Eiffel Tower access road. He said that the impact was "very serious." Train passenger Thomas Burkholder speaks after the accident between a train carrying passengers to L'Enfer station, south of Paris. Etienne Alsabe, who was driving a coach as it left L'Enfer, headed an operation to get the train back on track. Thierry Hebert, head of traffic management, said he had been informed by the emergency room that the train might have gone off the tracks. "As we found out later and continued to arrive and check, we decided to pass on the number and place of passengers and train crew, so we should be able to carry passengers to their destination as quickly as possible," he said. Burkholder also said that the train was run by two of the company's locomotive companies.
(CNN) -- Members of North Korea's women's Olympic soccer team walked off the field Wednesday when the flag of South Korea was mistakenly flashed on the big screen before their match against Colombia.|||North Korean soccer players -- members of the world's No. 2 team -- lost sight of the North Korean flag after it was accidentally shown during their match. South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun ordered for the players to return to the stadium. Outside of the stadium there were protests as members of the North's basketball team took to the pitch to call attention to the incident. North Korea is playing in a tournament with the U.S. and China, with many taking part in cheering matches for all teams. "We don't want to use the flag of Korea," said Sung-yune Kim, a spokesman for North Korea's National Olympic Committee.
FUMICINO, Italy (CNN) -- Under a canopy of elegant Italian pines, the foundations of a mini Roman Coliseum are at once unmistakable and exhilarating.|||Prouded in an urban oasis, Roman-era overcast is an evening of incredible views, and great views too. The ancient Roman ruins are hand-carved into the landscape of the city of Fumino, two short hours from Rome. Frightening traffic and swells of spectators fill the air as tourists line the main street at 10:15 p.m., and people in swimming costumes part ways for a swim. The city's soupy, ancient coastline overlooks ancient Roman waste, the exposed Roman Irelian Fort, the hidden Roman Roman Army outposts, Roman churches, and the chilling statues of the Amazon rainforest. For a mere hundred paces along the city's richly appointed Atozzi River it's possible to simulate one of Rome's many ancient outposts, Rome in a nutshell. Visitors can manage even their most tepidest wishes during the first two hours in unprecedented tranquility and go back to the city after touring the contents of a tiny area by elevator. The first hour is busy with town bustle, an unfamiliar sensation for a visitor seeking anything stimulating and a glimpse of what Rome was like. Shortly after, visitors can enjoy panoramic views of the Tiber, a busy riverside town on the Italian peninsula that at this time of year is busy on weekends with Chinese tourists. Since Italian wine is considered a luxury, Italy's top luxury hotel is trying to find its latest luxury apartment project, which aims to create something that mixes modern high rises with hip hip art. Roman iconography. Even before the fall of the Roman Empire, Roman art was admired internationally and recreated by indigenous cultures. Many of this exuberant art came from across vast distances and into entire new geographies to bring to light the striking international contrasts and contrast between urban and underlaid. The modern reconstruction of ancient capitals is a real triumph of contemporary architecture and modernity, and its pristine elegance manages to have that essence of innocence and naturalness, balancing the chaos of urbanity and with the lushness of Italian nature and its rich ivy landscapes. The impressive growth of Roman art is made possible because of clear choices of materials and form and because of the special construction quality that separated each successive era. The most distinctive and iconic pieces of Roman art were found in fragments or top-down façades. Were they precious, or were they mythological? Brunel's Tamborello is an architectural expression of western landscape that survives to this day. The small boxcar is signposted and cleaned. Through miniature palaces and tiny porters, you can arrange to take a mini tour of the extensive cemetery at Fumino. Michael J. N. Weiler contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- With her lashings of butter and flirtations with the camera, celebrity chef Nigella Lawson has charmed her many fans by turning everyday cooking into a more sensual experience.|||But even this sensory overload at the events of the week turned out to be a true sensory experience for some, not least the glitzy photographers. In the photos, which were taken by chef Christian Bullock, Nigella is carried on a long-range plane from London to... Mumbai in a car that somehow looks kind of ancient and dark and it looks like it's for some night flight somewhere." So why did she choose Mumbai -- an urban town over her hometown of West London -- as a site of her cooking -- more exciting than Sainsbury's? Well, she thought she had made a pretty sexy premise. The money she made on those 'Glamorous Kitchen' tests and photos was money she didn't have to pay to "prove" she could cook a new recipe for Macaroni and Cheese with some extra texture.
Beijing (CNN) -- Liu Ming Xing is a student at Jin Wei Elementary School, where her favorite class is music.|||Ngo Xing is one of those. A kindergarten student, she plays chess with her Chinese teacher, teaches her Chinese, and listens to her music teacher as his speech hurts his English. She calls the English teacher's "boss" Ngo. The head of the school, Ngo Xi, says she appreciates her lessons and being back at school, but losing Liu, "destroys everything" for her. Liu often needs her grandmother's voice during her music lessons, which most of the students cannot make up on their own, she says. "It hurts her so much when she breaks down," says Ngo. Liu says she is worried about the future for her daughter. "My mother is worried about me if my little brother can't afford a piano teacher. She worries that I won't do well, but she is worried about what's to come," says the child, who begins second grade in September. The life lesson the teacher taught Liu is "I'm happier now, and I feel more confident." She said she usually loves music, but the last year that teacher was gone, Liu said she felt discouraged. "We always used my memory," she says. But now, she is discouraged that her teacher was gone -- and what's up with the other teachers? "Some teachers don't like it when the older children start to learn, and when the same parent is there, they start to feel bad," she says. Liu has been "very discouraged" about her teacher's decision to let out the teacher's aide, she says, and believes she is "taking my responsibility for the teacher. I've been really, really terrible to others." Even with her new teacher, Liu's teacher notes that the teacher didn't have to come back and talk to her about bullying. "Even the teachers couldn't address the bullying issue, so they told me that I didn't have to tell my students to stay in class," she said. However, Liu's teacher wants to address the issue so she can meet with a class of young Chinese to improve classroom conditions. Teachers are more skeptical and parents worried that children will be neglected by a school in a backward province. Liu's elementary school is much like any other understudied school in China. "Mostly the children have been taken out of their classes because teachers are too stressed, and the principal is not very disciplined," said Ngo. "I sometimes forget what we're going to teach, because I miss my students a lot. Parents are trying to comfort me so much that they're so confident when I say no, but that doesn't help. Sometimes, the principal makes us feel bad for letting the students down." In a province where many students are teased and insulted for losing their teacher, she has shown her support.
HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- A man named Ernesto pressed an old-fashioned radio to his ear, listening to a baseball game roughly 5,000 miles away.|||The Puerto Rican government has opened the nation to North American tourists in the months since the middle of last year. Cuba's 2014 presidential race just closed, with a prize of $1,650,000 given to the winner of each vote. It is not easy attracting people from far off in the Caribbean to Puerto Rico, but the money is coming in. Half a million Cubans have applied to speak with the International Baseball Federation, which has invited three hundred teams in addition to the National Heroes. No one has applied. The country is the second-smallest in the World, measured in thousands of square miles and densely populated by three countries, the United States, the Bahamas and some neighboring islands. When is the last time someone has been able to get away with saying, "I'm from 7,000 miles away and I want to have a chance to watch the New York Mets play here"? The odds against someone relocating the USA become twice the odds in Cuba. No way. Two other teams won their international openers in Puerto Rico on Friday. The biggest winner was Philadelphia Phillies manager Joe Girardi, who played for the U.S. in the World Series with the Brooklyn Jays, the Cleveland Indians and the Cleveland Indians.
Producer's note: Everyone's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment.|||As everyone who's ever received a flash of light while refreshing their Google Chrome web browser knows, it's best to use the flashlight (or a different light-up that works better for you) while refreshing your browser. But when you try to pause the load and restart your Chrome browser you get a notification alert instead. The alert is pretty long at the end. An Action Alert goes off along with these not-so-hidden notifications. If you disconnect your phone, the app will display new notifications once you have reset the app and downloaded the app again. "Get Ready for a PRETTY ENERGIZED APP! ... In the app settings in the Google Chrome app, your next app of choice will flash when you unpress the flash button, or while you're in the app's 'get ready' function!" Read the entire thread to see what users are reporting happened with Android apps. At one point, there were more than 1,200 reported incidents. There are several options for installing a patch. The apmba-empowered devices start at a cost of $1. On the list of most popular Android devices, you may want to check out the Best Android Smart Wear Companion Play. Google Chrome and Kindle Fire app from Google Cloud. About an hour after the iPad activated, another alert flashed. Apple said in a statement: "Apple Edge is experiencing a short-term outage causing the App to not display all available Android-powered apps." When the problem happened, an outage was declared. The app is still able to run and respond to notifications. If there's an outage, the restored app will only be compatible with all Apple accessories. If you are a PC or other portable device, it's best to get the app running. Amazon Prime and iTunes are compatible with this service, as well. iTunes brings video streaming up to the iPad through a phone's music player or computer and lets you skip songs and add more. This app only worked with computers that previously used XBox 360 music. iCloud Drive or Spotify only works with Apple Music. The app has a battery backup function that works on devices with external hard drives. It will connect. Together with apps such as Amigo Live, iZettle, iBeobee, Viber, Vudu, and multiple others, you can find out about different apps that use Android. iTunes lives outside of apps to let everyone hear audio messages. Apple Music is not yet available on iPhones.
Ralph Baer, the inventor of the first home video game console, has died. He was 92.|||Baer. He was 92. Baer.. Got a math class at the Cleveland Institute of Technology?Baer, who designed the sound system on the Doritos for the IBM Pac-Man game console, went on to oversee the development of the NES system. He also worked on the first Atari 2600, and went on to develop the first PC game system. In 1932, the influential Baer founded Spielmobil, which became the home console console that resulted in the history of video games. The system was recognized as a true independent tool by PC gaming expert, Ron Woodruff. A month later, Baer launched the computer gaming industry by creating the original Commodore 64 for the limited time period of 1936, which was first played in U.S. theaters. In 1951, Baer opened a console store called NESda. Games were developed and programmed at this store, as well as in a computer gaming auditorium in Japan.
Kung fu movie star Jackie Chan says he "takes responsibility" for the drug charges laid against his son, 32-year-old Jaycee Chan, in Beijing.|||The famed Shanghai cartboy turned film star, one of China's highest profile outlaws, appeared in the Philippines on Thursday to open a business in Hong Kong to teach young foreign travelers the martial arts. The U.S. state department has declined to comment on the charges, reported The New York Times. The suspect, who has been detained at a U.S. Consulate in the Philippines since last month, played a role in the 2014 movie "Rambo" on screen. He played the role of a muscular black man who is often mistaken for a Hispanic. Chan, 59, also lent his name to popular actors, including Chinese actor Liu Ruijie, who was arrested during an Asian tour in 2011. "I have never taken any responsibility for the drug charges he is accused of. It's up to the Hong Kong and Chinese authorities to prosecute him," he told CNN.
(CNN)Can anything stop Pep Guardiola's irresistible Bavarian machine?|||AlAllegra are expecting a bounce, given the dominant start they have had to the season, especially after Pep Guardiola's takeover as Barca's boss. The Spaniard has taken 10 points from the top table with eight wins and seven defeats. He has the league title in his hand, while Manchester City's record manager Pep Guardiola has the most wins, but will not stop starting his new job until he has achieved perfection. He is unbeaten in nine Premier League meetings and has topped the scoring charts with 105 points. Manchester City sit 10th on 37 points with a week to play. Roberto Firmino, the striker who has injured his leg, scored twice against Liverpool last weekend and joined Real Betis in a move that will still see him miss the final this season. Even the defending champion Manchester United, who should be a virtual lock for a league and cup double, had their prospects overhauled last season. But despite the Galacticos' current form, the reigning European champions are not without their problems. Although Liverpool have dropped points at home, their stadium is built for the future. Everton beat Tottenham 1-0 last season. Their latest run could be over if they pull off a win at Swansea, the latest defeat will be by Arsenal in which Arsene Wenger's men lost 2-1. Elsewhere in the weekend's action, Bournemouth bounced back after one of the most exhilarating draws of last season, while Manchester City claimed a 1-0 win at Cologne to keep the pressure on rivals Chelsea. Meanwhile, Liverpool lost 2-0 at Manchester United to wrap up their two league titles in succession. Goal keeper Joe Hart, the league's youngest goalkeeper, got a brilliant first half but was beaten to a double on the season by Benfica and managed by Petr Cech. Claudio Bravo was the other Man Utd player to go on a red card, while Manuel Neuer added 11 points for City. "I watched Lionel Messi's birthday celebration on TV on Friday and it was wonderful to see it with a huge crowd," Mourinho said of the Barcelona boss. "Having to bring in Spaniards to defend our league title would have been a very tough managerial decision." Rob Lundqvist joins the line-up of assistants as Barca prepare to defend a treble Guardiola's side have already won with nine wins. Edinson Cavani scored a hat-trick in the 3-0 win over Arsenal last month, while Borussia Monchengladbach lost 3-2 to Real Madrid. "El paso was just perfect for City, goal by goal. It was an epic match and, unbelievably, Puyol and Sergio Crespo kept the ball at the back," said Guardiola. "Unfortunately, we made mistakes. We trashed them in the first leg and Lvan Gaylano moved to face us and then we had problems. "We were struggling badly and we were weak and isolated against them." How did you score? "I had two goals and later I got one back." A day earlier, Carlos Tevez has beaten Sevilla 3-1 to restore the gap between the Spanish and Catalan champions to 20 points. Javier Mascherano, compatriot and former Barcelona star, has scored three goals. Davinson Sanchez and Xavi have five in two attempts to double their wins as European champions.
(CNN) -- Colombians cast ballots in a hotly contested presidential vote on Sunday, but none of the five candidates running received enough support to win the election.|||One election for Colombia's presidential election is still undecided, but it is unlikely that any of the top five candidates will be able to win, according to Associated Press reports. The candidates are Gustavo Petro, Ernesto Perez, Alfredo Perez, Juan Manuel Diosdado Cabello, and Oscar Ivan Vivarenga. And the winning candidates are not being named for weeks. Opinion: I. Francisco Bedrijo (unlikely) will lose to Emerson Paredes. Valdimir Pastranza (unsure) -- 43% -- garnered the most votes to win. Carmelo Coituro (40%) -- 54% -- and Norberto Sanchez (41%) captured the most votes to win. CNN's Javier Uregueta contributed to this report.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israel early Sunday released the names of the first group of Palestinian prisoners to be freed in exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, setting in motion a process that will allow the public to file objections to specific releases.|||The Palestinian Prisoner Adjustment Committee announced its first four prisoners in a process that will cover an entire country, beginning today with Jerusalem. The prisoners -- including all four military prisoners and the wounded Palestinian prisoner of war Ziyad Haftanaf -- will be transferred to Israel's Shalit Unit and held in the military prison for roughly a year, the Center for Strategic and International Studies at the University of Southern California said in a statement.  Watch the report ». It said each prisoner is set to receive one month or three years' security clearance, which will allow them to go home after having served three months in Israeli military detention. Seven others, including Palestinian medical workers for the Middle East, were freed Friday, the center said. The ceremony happened at the main Israeli military headquarters in Jerusalem and opened the door to journalists, which was used by pro-Israel groups seeking the release of prisoners. In a statement, the Palestinian Prisoner Support Committee said in part that it "has decided that it wants to allow the remains of the injured prisoner, Ziyad Haftanaf, to go home after spending three years in Israeli military detention. That is one of the reasons for the continued detention of his family," it said. The center said that the prisoner will be a medical worker on medical leave and he was released on Friday afternoon. However, it is not yet known why the soldiers will be allowed to go home, the center said. The organization in charge of monitoring the prisoners is the University of Southern California's Center for the Study of Strategic and International Studies, or SCISM. Shadi Hamlrah, the center's director for the study of strategic and international issues said in a statement, "everyone who was hurt or died under an Israeli military occupation in 1967 -- no matter their personal definition -- should be released under the same terms and conditions, which the United States stipulates for the immediate release of prisoners who have been injured or killed as part of the Israeli army operation against the Palestinian people" in a series of prisoner-transfer deals. Hamlrah was released Friday. But his release's impact has yet to be fully evident, the university said. He said in a statement that he is not yet satisfied with the outcome of the process, yet he is not yet completely sure that he knows the details. He said: "I'm still hoping that everything will be taken as clearly as possible to provide calm and guarantee a full free and legal release for all the prisoners. "The first steps are already under way but we are going to face numerous and complex legal hurdles," Hamlrah said. "As soon as we get over the hurdles we can probably move fast on our process and begin talking and to cooperate." But he said that "as soon as they find out everything is the same way as it is now, so if they just follow the process, we can continue to be as private as we are now, then they will all be part of what Israel has done to the people who have been fighting against us for years." According to news organization Haaretz, the group of 10 prisoners includes a number of wounded and former military prisoners and Palestinian doctors, including a range of prisoners who have had their medical records destroyed. It was one of a number of prisoner transfer deals signed between Israel and the Palestinians, which had led to the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, CNN and the Organization for the Prohibition of Torture reported last month. Ali Abed, Gaza's most senior security official and a leader of the militant group the Islamic Jihad, said in a statement Friday that the release of the prisoners is his "best option to ensure that all the prisoners in exchange for Shalit have a chance to fully contribute to the exchange of prisoner-trade among the parties to the war and the people will get the right to freely express their opinions and concerns, while not seeking anything in return from the Palestinian Authority." Hamlrah said in a statement Saturday that the agreements do not guarantee the release of all of the Palestinians in Israel. "It's not just the release of the prisoners in exchange for Shalit, it's their right to go back to the community and they will be prepared to make those statements," he said. "This is a question of commitment and it is also a question of freedom of the people who have been arrested and killed." But Hamlrah said he is looking forward to being able to say "yes" or "no" to the Palestinian Authority. "Today is a new day for us. Today we have made history," Hamlrah said. "It is our way to open and normalize ourselves with all the people who we are looking at." Hamlrah said he was disappointed that the recent announcement had come too soon for Hamalrah, but it is a sign of progress in bringing him home. "We have a long way to go, and we have a long way to go, to deliver him home and to present him back to his people. Today, the thing that we are so excited about, at least to a lot of them
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Thousands of demonstrators, mostly students, lined the streets Friday outside Sanaa University as anti-government protests continued.|||In a series of clashes between youths and government security forces, some burning tires, and gunfire erupted Friday. But despite that, students continued to push toward the entrances to the student housing complex on Yemen's high holy hill of Hadramout, according to the university. They threw back electrical wires and clashed with other demonstrators. Demonstrators burned tires and set al-Shabaab, a national utility company, on fire, Yemeni officials said. Dozens of car horns remained at the scene as well. On the outskirts of the university were clashes between a small group of pro-government protesters and an apparent Iranian security force. Meanwhile, demonstrators entered government offices in Sanaa to protest. A demonstrator stormed into the office of one of the prime minister's top lieutenants Friday and demanded that President Ali Abdullah Saleh give power to the people, the official Hamed Amre wrote on Twitter. In the violence outside President Ali Abdullah Saleh's office, Ali al-Sha'abi, the prime minister's communications director, said Friday that the work of the government is "being investigated, suspicion being cast everywhere." The spokesman added that talks between the government and opposition groups were continuing. "No one has withdrawn because of the speech of the prime minister's minister," he said, according to Al-Sha'abi. The government hasn't responded to calls for troops to strike. The government has not moved in a day to arrest many of the demonstrators. According to a Qatari report, al Qaeda militants in Iraq, known as Al-Qaeda in Yemen, have made attacks near the headquarters of the nation's defense ministry. Violence has been rampant in recent weeks in Yemen as protests against what has been described as a political regime change. Earlier this month, protesters toppled President Ali Abdullah Saleh in an uprising that grew out of a months-long siege and was triggered by what the government called a campaign of "terrorism and repression" of students. Before January, at least 10 members of the government's security forces had been killed in confrontations with protesters, government officials said. What the protest activists are demanding, others have said, is that the country's rulers stop their crackdown on those who oppose Saleh, and that they seek the return of the ousted president. The main political center of the nation's power, Ahmar al-Khair, was evacuated on Wednesday after a number of demonstrations and clashes. When conditions worsened on campus, students quit the government positions. Local students urged Hadi to step down for Sallam al-Tamimi, al-Sha'abi said, adding that students were waiting in line for him to show. Besides the government officials, Abadi's own children and grandchildren have been arrested for participating in the protests. Three official sources told CNN that he was not paid a day's salary. CNN's Norman Flat and Mohamed Ahmed contributed to this report.
(CNN)The bureau chief for Reuters in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Maria Golovnina, died Monday after falling unconscious, her employer said.|||A contractor, Carlby G. Hervey, told CNN's CNN affiliate KABUL, Afghanistan, that her colleague was unconscious. "The area does not have a place for an emergency care team," he said. Doctors weren't sure the cause of Golovnina's death, he said. It was an injury caused by breathing "sensory error," G. Hervey said. A reporter took Golovnina to the media team with an errant laxative, he said. "There was no information on the end of anaesthesia and there are no victims," he said. Golovnina also took a fall down a mountain on the trail of her mountain home. "It wasn't a hard fall," he said. She suffered "a pulmonary collapse from lack of awareness," Hervey said. She was taken to a care facility in Gabberi. A consultant said she suffered an "uncontrolled, selective lack of anesthesia, acute bronchospasm and delayed oxygenation" during one of two different incidents. The next two episodes she experienced, he said, were of less "disruptive nature." Her last incident was not as dramatic. She was treated for bronchitis, said hospital spokesman John Nolen. Doctors had boarded her rescue plane for Galki and had brought her by ground ambulance. G. Golovnina was delivering a tour to the site of a helicopter-mounted surgery. She was fully recovered from surgery, but left for the hospital with an injured eye, said Mohammad Saleh Nasir Khan. He said the condition would not be resolved until she returned home to Kabul. CNN's Emilia Vasquez contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Iceland will close two airports on Friday for the first time, a week after ash from an Icelandic volcano forced the shutdown of airspace over much of Europe and stranded thousands of passengers around the world, the Icelandic aviation authority announced Thursday.|||The volcano hit Iceland a week ago with large clouds of ash that began falling in the resort islands of Hvalinn and the country's main airports of Reykjavik and Bodrum, or "blackwall" for short -- meaning the Icelandic capital city will shut down on Friday. Flight from Bodrum to England will be held if enough passengers can get on the first-come-first-served planes, the Reykjavik Airport Authority (KIAS) said. "Many thousands of passengers will be affected, requiring them to go to alternative locations for departure," said Don Rayne, a spokesman for the aviation authority. Lufthansa, which serves many European destinations, said snowfall for the past few days has already affected some flights. It's not clear how many people will be stranded in Bodrum, and the authority will not allow passengers from flying on from the U.S. to the UK. Some passengers were stranded at Bodrum last week after coming from London Gatwick Airport, where they faced delays due to lack of luggage and problems with checking baggage, the JFK Authority said. Authorities also canceled flights to the Virgin Islands last week after ash filled the airspace there, stranded residents and planes. They also left behind hundreds of stranded buses and dozens of stranded people. Images from the growing ash cloud was released in an ice-blue haze Tuesday over Iceland. Authorities said the volcanic ash is "normal" and that it has now largely cleared away. Breathing the ash, travelers can still expect extended delays over the next week. There is some movement on flights. But if weather conditions turn snowy again, it may be several days before flights resume. "If we have inclement weather again -- we will consider postponing services," he said.  Plane trip postponement is 'tragic' says Icelandic minister. Irna Renadóttir reported from Bodrum on Tuesday that some residents will be made to go to shelters for the day, but she said she wasn't sure if this will occur. Satellite pictures from the volcano showed similar skies on Monday. ash fallout is due to the lightning that has occurred across the world. At least 21 people had died from flying ash as well as from cold weather the same week.
(CNN) -- Smarting from their first back-to-back defeats in nearly three years, Barcelona are on the defensive for a change as they approach Tuesday's Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea.|||In his absence, manager Luis Enrique was left without his preferred Brazil forward, a match he played in the Champions League last season, and still managed only in his first European match in 21 months, a 1-1 draw at Fulham -- on December 18 -- because of an elbow injury. "We just wanted to avoid giving them the lead with the hope we would be able to take control," he told reporters before Wednesday's game in Madrid. After it was decided in Barcelona's favour and despite Gerard Pique having hinted the Catalans have made a move for a player, it left fans a bit concerned over how the game might be settled. Eventually, they found an answer with a penalty from winger Inaki Williams. European star Sergio Busquets, who has also suffered a knock, was unable to extend their advantage. The draw leaves Catalan giants needing to ensure they progress to a Champions League quarter-final on away goals after the opening legs of their first four-game European campaign also saw them beaten 3-0 by French champions FC Basel. Sevilla suffered a shock 2-0 loss at home to French side Genk in the UEFA Champions League. Center-back Nicolas Otamendi broke a 97-minute deadlock with an unconvincing effort from the penalty spot. But the croatian earned Hugo Lloris a half-time caution in the dying stages, when Messi replaced him with his team trailing 4-0. Messi's shot was beyond goal, but his second on Wednesday left Deschamps and Barcelona two points clear.
(CNN) -- YouTube is a source of entertainment and news for billions around the world, but Pakistanis have lost access to the video site for almost a year after clips of the controversial film "Innocence of Muslims" prompted a government ban.|||In Pakistan, more than nine months ago, a number of YouTube users were banned from the video-sharing service because of a false claim by an anchor called "Viva Mahila," the United States-based video platform. Hindu activist Tariq Aziz, who saw the news report on Tuesday, called it a "satanic attack." "I've been watching it (YouTube) for a year," Aziz told CNN. "I knew they [the government] were trying to censor it," he said, adding that he and other users who were upset found it was created with a stunt and copyright violation in mind. "Apparently this video is manufactured for this kind of political reason because this video will be shown anywhere and everywhere." Aziz thought violence was an important part of what was shown. "We wanted to put a figure out [that] it can be edited down with jokes and with this style," he said. The case caused controversy because on its website, "the point and purpose of a satire/art video is to celebrate and educate the young, to create a void to draw more attention for something that is an end goal in itself, to generate more attention for something it doesn't have yet." In a statement released on the site, the Pakistani Film Institute noted that "a video of an editing job like this does not in any way imply that it involves violence, in any case is pornography which is not punishable. Instead, it depicts a person's final moments in life as they say they are taking a bath in a hotel room and as punishment for a crime committed. The prosecution found it is against the legal premise of the film. The punishment was reduced to a cash fine of 150 to 200 thousand rupees (US $1,400 to $2,300)." Aziz described YouTube as a "fishing line" for the Indian government. "Our system has lost control over the internet for the last two, three months and perhaps it should have been dealt with sooner rather than later," he said. He said he and other YouTube users need to "vent and start recouping their budget." This the second time a video of the same kind has been removed, which was originally seen in the United States, along with similar content from Russian television channel RT. The most recent ban was lifted on October 31, seven months after the video first appeared online.
(CNN) -- Michigan and federal authorities will coordinate their criminal investigations into a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that killed 22 people in that state and 64 people total nationwide, the Michigan attorney general and the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts said Monday in Detroit.|||According to the Michigan Department of Health, an outbreak in November spread from Illinois into northern and central Michigan, hitting four people in that state, three in southern Michigan, three in Michigan and one in New York. "The seriousness of this investigation is our top priority and we're committed to ensuring that it is properly and swiftly addressed," the health department said in a statement. At least 90,000 people in 21 states and the District of Columbia may have contracted the meningococcal a.k.a. meningococcal meningitis since February and have now been hospitalized. The meningococcal meningitis strain, named 6-hr old that had been eradicated, emerged as an unexpected threat from Mexico. The so-called Meningococcal meningitis outbreak, first identified by researchers in January, is unrelated to the 2008 Yersinia pestis outbreak in which 63 people, mostly tourists, contracted fungal meningitis. Mexican officials said the outbreak started on the New Mexico coast in March amid wildfires. Since then, at least 95 people have died from meningitis in Mexico, with 20 others injured or missing. During the national outbreak, 34 people were found to have contracted Fusarium meningitidis, which is spread through direct contact with infected animals. Almost 30,000 people are in Mexico, the health department said Monday. Cases were identified from Miami, Colorado, Del. Florida, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, West Virginia, Georgia and Florida. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating the so-called massive meningitis outbreaks. New England is also leading the effort for coordination on that front. While the best response, experts say, will be until investigators gain access to the locations of the infected areas that are not easily accessible from the public. In the meantime, authorities in Michigan, Texas and New Mexico are sending out medical personnel, scientists, investigators, volunteers and state and local health officials to investigate the meningitis outbreak.
Washington (CNN) -- A Marine shot and killed two of his fellow service members at a Virginia base Thursday night and then apparently killed himself, base officials said.|||He was taken to a local hospital after the standoff. Police have not determined why the boy had entered the garage at the Cranbrook Barracks, according to Lt. Col. Wendy Condrey, a military spokeswoman. He was believed to have been a Lone Eagle, a unit special operations member. "There was no verbal support from anyone," Condrey said. He said the officer who opened fire did not report being shot and was being held for questioning. "When we found the fallen one was still alive, he showed us his ID," Condrey said. In a Facebook post, Condrey said two soldiers had been killed and four had been injured. The Baltimore Sun said the largest group of Marines stationed at Cranbrook is about 7,000.
Dorchester, Massachusetts (CNN) -- President Barack Obama insisted Tuesday that education spending needs to be spared from the growing drive for fiscal austerity, telling an audience of students and teachers in Massachusetts that cutbacks would ultimately prove self-defeating.|||Obama defended his administration's policies on education after the general election, insisting that his administration has not bowed to the calls of leading conservatives to curb the amount of public spending. Democrats were seething after the election and Republican leaders responded by declaring the fiscal cliff would not happen, and Democrats threatened to wipe out the federal government. While Democrats in the upper chamber insisted that more education funding was needed to secure a healthy economy, they criticized Obama's plans. "Obama's budget obsession stymies the important work of the American people, the unemployed, the middle class, and the students who he put into this nation during the recession and he returns it to ruin," said Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass. Students members of the state senate cast banners in support of lower education spending and also called on the senator from the blue state to defeat budget cuts in the next six months. The legislation, if passed, would institute the first-ever teacher payment program for new elementary school and extend the pre-K program for teacher aides to middle school. Children under the age of 13 would not have to apply for college funding, Warren said. They will be eligible to apply to tuition-free public universities and transfer to graduate schools. State lawmakers are looking to the bill for further funding, including for public-private partnerships such as the Common Core State Standards Program and School Choice. If Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell passes the legislation, that will be an additional $84 billion for education over the next decade. Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick (R) criticized Obama's budget proposal during a speech at UMass Dartmouth University Tuesday night. A major part of the bill would have slashed the amount of public education spending in state and local government, and state and local governments wouldn't be able to bring private investments in the state, especially small ones, into schools. Senate Leader Jeffrey Hart (D-Mass.) interrupted Obama's remarks to say: "Facts don't matter." In a quarter-century of federal deficits, the White House has also presided over tens of billions in government debt. Senior Democratic Sen. Michael Capuano (D-Mass.) told the president Tuesday that only 2009 was a better year than the one he faced. "I was more motivated and more energized because there was never the question that public education wouldn't be funded if cuts to it weren't," Sen. Cortland Smith (D-Mass.) told the White House. "Every day since the election, the president is saying he wants to ensure that taxes get cut more in his adopted state of Massachusetts, but can't make the cuts he's proposed that are going to hurt public schools, don't make his supporters happy in their districts happy, if it is going to cost them more money."
(CNN) -- If you frequent the pistes of the French Alps, you may see more than just skiers and snowmen scattered around the trails below. For the last 10 years, British artist Simon Beck has been decorating snow-covered lakes and mountainsides with massive geometric designs, often based on fractal patterns, using his footsteps as his implement.|||The artists are thrilled to be working in Europe in the snow and with beautiful fall art inspired by this spectacular backdrop. See how they're working it. Originally from Iceland, artist Michelle Ireland created a 3-D snow and ceiling paintings of Ireland's mountain for her seventh gallery:These are fractal snow patterns that abstractly follow the paths left behind by the skiers. "With each hand-print of the letters I make, I maintain a piece of ice that, when melted, contains a total of 30,000 times the width of the summits above the soil level," Ireland told CNN. "And it just keeps melting like waves, creating more and more minute ice maps with a "sunburst" pattern in vibrant colors." Marina Shnak, the artist behind the whimsical murals and mosaics, shares "a piece of nature inside a piece of land." The same sounds are evoked when the sharply turning patterns are combined to create a full-blown melody. "I loved creating the illusion that this is how my mother left the house. And I was amazed when I was seeing the result of the study and saw that it was recognizable to others who hadn't seen it before. I thought, 'Are you sure that's not a memory of me?'" asked Shnak. "We've had so many people have said this is the most amazing painting ever made! What makes it so beautiful is that you get to see all this detail. The art they create is the worlds." How snow came to inspire creators. Artist Tiros Bayras finds inspiration in what his son and friends have done to the Snow Company's bluffs in the Switzerland Alps. Artist Gody Hilal collects snowmen and ice sculptures inspired by Michelangelo's David. He began noticing that some snowflakes in Belgium seem to be patterned using the same fractal figures. Artist Julien Landry is now working with snow sculptors to create snowflakes made of a different color every week -- from lime green, yellow, and blue -- and creating miniature snowhogs. Artist Yure Valdez has so far made two snow figures. The artist said he plans to create an entire collection of snow designs in the future -- a larger one for each day of the year but smaller in number and at regular intervals throughout the season. December was a special time for Snow Day with 4,000. 8-foot snowmen form around Centaurcac, in southwestern France. Artist Eric Johnston described the snowmen as "slimy, orange-leafed little lizards chasing each other." Snowman illustrated cartoons complete with prominent snowflakes. Artist Jeffrey "The Snowmen Master" Bruce trains his snowman craft in a Swiss glacier. He calls it "building a snowman club for each season" and enjoys filming on his snowman. 3. If the snow is messy, I'm here. Besides the names of snowmen and ice sculptures you might recognize, all 31 employees work in one room. Paint, watercolor and make up the rest of the snow. The snow goes a few inches deep and it doesn't stay on the snow for long, until it melts in a little while, before turning to mush and dropping down onto the ground. "During snow removal, there is nothing like wet snow to make you forget you just walked into it," Valdez said. The painting is meant to stand out against all the white. It will take at least 30 years to complete. Artist Gilles Baas says it was an experience to create even the simplest snowman he had dreamed of but the results have been "astonishing." Artist Christophe de Lacombe also painted snowmen on several mountainsides in France. Artist Alicia Rinz and good friend Lee and Lisa Pennington created snow trees that look like complete snowcaps; the snow blanketing itself has also rendered snow on the creek below. The snow creators even have their own after-dinner specials. These stunning works of art are getting added to the gallery. Watch the interactive gallery above and visit the artist's website.
BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN) -- Preliminary DNA tests indicate a 3-year-old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels, Colombian officials announced Friday.|||After the biological tests and confirmed that the baby was one of 70 such children, the foster children were now turned over to authorities in Israel, Bolivia and Colombia, officials said. Authorities say the boy, born in January, was not released earlier this year and remains with rebel forces. He is survived by relatives, according to one of his parents, Patricio Galvao. It is not clear whether the boy's mother was an enemy combatant or a civilian who came to Colombian on a bus. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, controlled most of Andean country's North Antioquia province for most of 2001. It is believed the boy was taken from a hospital in the capital, Bogota, where he was being kept for more than two years, according to authorities. Three months ago, the Colombian government announced the release of two of its nearly 200 hostages taken by the FARC in the same province, authorities said. Authorities also say the biological child's father told them the boy is his son. Others in Colombia's military are a boy. In March, Colombia's president defended the government's efforts to find guerrillas among its teenage boys, saying they "treat healthy children." CNN's David Nakamura contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Last winter, the Chicago Crime Commission and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration named Mexican billionaire Guzman Loera the city's "Public Enemy No. 1." Also known as "Shorty," Guzman heads the world's largest narcotics operation, the infamous Sinaloa cartel, and allegedly pushes 1,500 to 2,000 kilograms of cocaine through Chicago each month.|||The Drug Enforcement Administration named Guzman Loera on the four-page advisory obtained from the U.S. Southern District of Illinois. He is also a client of Robert Allen West, a local prosecutor working with a federal crime commission's secretariat. Allen West -- who served as a judge in the federal district that executed Guzman in September, 1999 -- told CNN that he wasn't surprised the allegations of possession and controlled the $10 billion Mexican drug cartel in Chicago were still fresh in his mind, then. North Carolina resident Silvia Morales Barral, arrested in Florida in 2008, has connections to the cartel and has been charged with participating in the murder-for-profit operation. Guzman's son, Daniel Juarez Guzman, is also facing trial in New York on 10 counts of murder, and an additional five more from the U.S. Southern District, which are a lesser charge. Although Guzman was released on bail last December, a federal magistrate in New York had granted him the opportunity to make an appearance before the magistrate on February 19 and 21, but he allegedly sat in and waited for the indictment. This week, Guzman's defense lawyers said he had spent the past two months in federal custody and told them he had never left his base in California. "If the indictment is true, they are going to have to struggle to keep him on the streets of his base," said Miami defense attorney David Yancey. Authorities have identified four suspects, a man named Eduardo Limon Rodriguez, 23, and three women named Lourdes Arroyo Rodriguez, 46, and Julia Martinez-Arroyo, 44. They are from the Mexican cartel's Guadalajara Branch, which borders Chicago, La Paz, New Mexico and Vermont. Deliberations on Guzman's capture of Ramos-Arroyo, 46, at the Sinaloa Bridge would extend the costs of the smuggling operation from $8 to $16,200. Meanwhile, crime commission leaders continue to carry out a strategy that is working to crack down on Chicago's heavily regulated drug market, which is responsible for more than 80,000 murders since 2000. The city and the sheriff's department issue sweeping anti-crime, drug and weapon-control handbooks. In a September news conference, Mayor Rahm Emanuel said the "war on drugs" also kills 5,300 people a year, and he is committed to helping to change "the culture of all nonviolent homicides in Chicago." In September 2011, when the U.S. government charged Guzman, however, it was only a federal indictment filed in Chicago. Among the many crimes he was charged with in that case were organized crime. CNN's CNN affiliate WLS-TV and CNN en Español's filmmaker Leo Sanchez contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, the Justice Department announced Thursday.|||The guilty plea is in response to an "appeal to judgment" filed last year, according to an indictment charging Zyon Mizrahi with charges of four counts of attempted murder. "The charges stem from an open conspiracy to commit murder in accordance with the federal Second Amendment, criminal conspiracy to make a false alarm, and making false statements regarding the alleged scheduled target(s) of law enforcement personnel. A witness said Mizrahi used a bladed saw and carried a rifle, the indictment states. The connection to the attacks -- intended to show the Obama campaign its commitment to fight for the communities of color -- did not appear in Tuesday's FBI indictment. But the FBI has considered the 2011 primary a target for attacks. In response to the stunning 2012 shootings of two African-American politicians in Michigan, the Obama campaign. Bruce Bikert, who was charged with murder, pleaded guilty in connection with what was described as two stabbings with no metallic weapons -- in October 2007 and in May 2008. They used makeshift weapons, such as knives and small-caliber weapons, as well as large caliber semiautomatic weapons and rifles, the FBI said. "Bikert is accused of purposely causing four separate and significant injuries" to officers who responded to those shootings, according to a criminal complaint filed in August and affidavit filed in November 2012. It was not clear whether Mizrahi may have been in custody as part of a supervised release program at the time of the shootings. Zyon Mizrahi's indictment "ignores information beyond the time that this offense is revealed."
(CNN) -- As many as four African migrants from Ethiopia and Eritrea trying to cross into Israel from Egypt's Sinai desert were shot dead by smugglers and 10 others were wounded, according to state media.|||Minjdsw.org photo. According to police, three officers and a tribesman were killed Friday morning. The driver, a shepherd from nearby Ilor, was also killed. Around an hour later, people passing by on the northern front of the border near El Aziz refused to turn back, so Israeli Border Police intercepted and stopped the truck, which had torched its occupants' car and had abandoned their bedroll. According to the border police, the migrants have bandages around their bodies. The passing was done after the families informed police they were taking the men back to their villages in and around Eritrea, where the smugglers had been based for several years, state media reported. An Israeli paramilitary base used to fire on "hundreds of suspects and relatives of the attacking fugitives" after setting off a landmine, Israel Radio reported.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Comedian Conan O'Brien returns to the late-night television circuit Monday with a much-anticipated new show.|||It's the first of several extended stretches of regular early evening television on NBC that Conan O'Brien stretches his hours every night until he returns to the air Thursday night at 9:30 p.m. ET on NBC Universal's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien." The show will span 70 minutes and mark a milestone for the iconic comedian -- when he is the first black man to host a major live late-night show. "Conan" gets its start as a political musical number with guests who are running for office and donating blood donations in the city of Santa Monica and donating to an anti-obesity charity. Around 5:45 p.m., O'Brien will host "One Day More Tonight" with a full cast of celebrities, according to NBC Universal. The show will begin at 11:30 p.m. ET with a special "During Midnight Madness" broadcast that will be the premiere of the show. "You will see some very special people in this show, so we thought we should put it on as much as possible," O'Brien said of the premiere.
(CNN)  -- The death toll from severe storms in northern Arkansas has been lowered to one person, emergency officials said early Saturday.|||Snowden Public Safety Director Christopher Snowden said that death of five-year-old Faith Denison was caused by the passage of thunderstorms and lightning in the United States on Tuesday night. The girl's death took the toll of at least 10 people killed and dozens injured in severe storms that struck at least three lanes in northern Arkansas on Tuesday, officials said. Winds as high as 70 miles per hour whipped up winds of up to 60 miles per hour, blowing hail and rattles of lightning. The storm lumbered across the area in areas where they said there was already severe weather. About 5 inches of rain fell and lightning was seen across far-away towns, including Duxbury and Jett. The storm sputtered for several hours but weakened before reaching the Wichita area, where two deaths occurred. The girl was 16 and killed in Jett on Tuesday when a tornado struck, the Jones County Sheriff's Office said. Her grandmother, Geraldine Fletcher, 59, was also killed in the storm, according to the sheriff's office.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) -- Almost overnight, a patchwork of plastic tents appeared on an empty piece of land less than 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) from the World Cup stadium as a show of force from Sao Paulo's working poor.|||A military search has taken place around a man's makeshift encampment of police tents, tents that have included army and army vehicles and tents created by tents. CNN affiliate 11News reported that the workers, who live in the poor neighborhood, were asked by the mayor of Sao Paulo to put up the tents Thursday morning. Many said they wanted tents because of health reasons, suggesting the area often goes without proper sanitation services. But authorities disagree, saying it's done so to make it easier for the sleeping poor to make complaints to authorities. In recent days, four people died when buses passing by their homes, or those near the Olympic Stadium were set on fire. Dozens of workers say it's because the authorities have allowed an influx of trucks carrying garbage into the neighborhood. The donated money is intended to start a plan to open public health clinics for street construction workers. But the FAPAD electoral committee, the civic branch tasked with making government better, canceled the plan, saying the city did not have money. On Friday, the local press and judges gave the ruling in favor of municipal authorities: Ten men would stay in tents until the municipal offices reopen. In the meantime, more than 100 people organized a sit-in, demanding that five workers leave and two will be turned away. "This is about the early morning because nobody has showered and not many to drink and there is still smoke," a police complaint to the FAPAD on Facebook said. The protest has put the World Cup in more jeopardy. The group on Thursday, called Fitism, called on the state and the federal governments to improve public health, sanitation and safety in Sao Paulo. The community is trying to organize a host committee of local mayors from its 25 wards, the city's government said in a statement.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard -- who ordered jets over the Capitol amid the September 11, 2001, terror attacks -- was among those killed in a transit train crash in Washington this week, authorities said Tuesday.|||Former Army Maj. Gen. Carroll N. Miller was part of the Class 4 Union Pacific Express (USIP) and was a member of the Asst. Chief Warrant Officer for the District of Columbia National Guard. "We are incredibly grateful to Lord Justice Alexander and the District of Columbia's faith-based and coalition partners for the support and dedication they have shown us in the months since the National Guard was involved in efforts to help clean up the damage of the crash," said Matthew Summers, D.C. Police chief. "It is a real tragedy for our communities. It is certainly a tragedy for us as well, but we know that tonight we can ride on the train again to visit another part of the city," Summers said. A cause of the crash is still under investigation. Maj. Gen. David Brown, a U.S. Air Force veteran, was among the killed, according to the National Transportation Safety Board, which is looking into the cause of the crash. CNN's Nancy Klinfeld, Neil Jalbert, Edith Johnson and Peter Kastris contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting.|||The Portuguese coach was furious with the criticism that he was substituting Muntari midway through the second half of Real Sociedad's 3-2 Spanish Premier League win at home on Sunday. It sparked a Twitter firestorm after the long-time Barca star was "appalled" by what he saw as the coach's willingness to switch off his pressing capabilities and sloth. "Let me be clear, there was no problem, there was no time to change," he told reporters on Tuesday afternoon. "I came on and changed the performance of the team and the result. I stopped the game. I came in to the pitch and changed the game. This is where the dialogue started. "It's good that people want to talk about it and try to highlight it, but in this moment nothing happened and then we had to move on." Muntari's replacement: Liverpool's Ruben Loftus-Cheek. "Coach Mourinho has learned his lesson but he must remember, if he gets a chance he must switch off his players. It doesn't help to be irritating. He will know that if he looks at it in the moment as a coach, he must step in as manager and say, 'That's the reason.' " Football is so political there are people who want to be angry." Mourinho told media that it was the referee's decision to take Muntari off and that after training Monday there was a communication between the coach and the referee. "This was not a tactical decision by me, it was a foolish decision. If you wouldn't feel confident taking the decision and sacrificing your stars, I would tell the referee that you want it as a coach. Because you had a result. And you'd lose a World Cup final, which we are going to win because everybody is more confident after winning the World Cup. "It's not a strategy to change a team's system, but you have to have the confidence to do it. "While the players may sometimes feel if you do change their system then the players get suspended for playing in their weakest. At one point I had other players come on. I sent somebody out, some tired lads, maybe because the players were mentally on the end of it. "They are in one of the lagging places. "This could help to change the dynamics of the season, especially in this kind of league which is all African-centric, all competitive in nature." Sunday's match between Real Sociedad and Chelsea was dubbed the "Fight the Night" after the success of Barcelona in the Champions League. Chelsea beat a spirited Manchester United side 3-1 in the seventh-place tie, but Portuguese playmaker Adonai Gurung committed an indisciplined mistake which led to his dismissal. England's English playmaker Geoffroy Serendipit hinted that United players could have been naive and were delusional. Mourinho, speaking to reporters last year, said "I would make a coach change if they wanted to leave training early and they go away but they came back so mentally delusional and irresponsible." Asked about the difference in response, he said: "I have a different point of view but we had better communication and more understanding about the differences." Ferguson rebukes Mourinho. Despite winning the Champions League for most wins, the Portugal boss is off to an indifferent start in Europe. In the Portuguese domestic cup this month he missed out on a penalty that would have dearly scored a victory over Sporting Lisbon.
(CNN) -- A week after Facebook's bungled IPO comes fresh news to tantalize, or torment, the company's investors. The social-networking behemoth may be making a phone.|||The two-story entrance door is curved slightly right and will be "really pretty," Facebook said. It seems Facebook's story is bringing in something it was never supposed to do: operate a mobile phone of its own. The 38-year-old company was set to debut a Facebook-themed iPhone this week, though the latest news suggests it may be focusing on secondary or mini-iPad functionality. According to an internal Facebook Web site post last Thursday, the company is opening beta testing. The web page appears to show the Facebook iOS app on an iPhone and two-colored-windows Android tablets. As opposed to the now-known tablets, the blog post promises new functionality for the iOS version of the app, and currently, no mention of a mobile phone is included in the site. Facebook previously posted details of its mobile network interface. Facebook estimates that 300 million people access its mobile site -- which is larger than Twitter and iOS combined -- per day. According to the post, a recent Facebook user survey found mobile sites are blazing sales, with the number of users registering for them near 23 percent of the total site traffic. The social-networking behemoth is also working to create a high-tech mobile app that will feel more like a true smartphone than an app. Facebook says that phone owners could be searching for the mobile experience they want in its mobile app; it believes it could be shown directly on their smartphones as well as on other mobile phones. Facebook's privacy policy recommends that users do not monitor their phone, but it is -- but maybe not always -- visible on the screen. Facebook boasts that it has watched more than 400 million phone calls since 2007. Its website includes a lot of snippets of what Facebook engineers are trying to do -- and many of them have glitches. Facebook has signed up to be responsible for the software's possible patent or other patent claims -- but it claims they will only work if the system "operates as Scriptmatically as defined by Facebook." Facebook has said its mobile apps are its 'definitive' and its teams can create them whenever. But for now, engineers are still trying to perfect those missions. An FCC investigation reportedly uncovered customer questions about Facebook and problems such as invisible zoom, cross-check pages, messaging glitches and scripts that are shared as parts of the apps. The company "may have some other technical or engineering challenges. But it definitely has our interest at heart in mobile." Facebook's not entirely confident it can keep its mobile business on track. This report and the rest of this article contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- British Airways and Unite -- the union representing many of the airline's cabin crew -- reached an agreement on Thursday, reducing the threat of strikes.|||British Airways and Unite have reached an agreement on the terms of the contract, which includes changing how the company buys its packages, the countries where the airline based its mail, to the northern region of Eastern Europe. The trade union said the agreement covers workers at the airline's P&O subsidiary Luton and the airline said it will spend at least $600,000 on "worries and grievances" relating to the previous contract. The different rounds of negotiations were prompted by accusations made by a pilot of eating food placed in front of the cabin crew. Chris Kent, then a steward on a British Airways Boeing 747 and a chef at the Royal Ascot in the United Kingdom, told the union he was aware of misconduct by some of the cabin crew but he didn't want to see morale dropped by "25%." The pilots also blamed the union for a directive on cleaning staff at Luton airport, which saw a dramatic deterioration over the past few days and is now putting a closer eye on unsafe working conditions as gang gangs squeeze and burn. "We don't want to see the charge used against the cleaners put out by the Press, and I don't believe the press will allow it," he said. That saying comes despite Unite leader Ian Thomson, among the union's longest serving members, claiming Britain's loss-making airline has become "a socialist state." It was reported that several of the crew affected had fallen behind on allowances and were cut below the targets for their current positions. Heavy pressure builds on second-class cabin crews. The problem worsened during a three-day operation in late September, when United claimed several key crew members were suspended after rigging the flight deck near the illinois, Illinois, rail line. Conditions inside U.S. terminals suffered further as the National Air Transport Association reported Tuesday that a third of U.S. crew members had been asked to hand over parts of their rosters, leaving nearly 50% of the company's 230,000 members on long-haul flights. British Airways' cabin crew in distress. The news about the strike could cause morale to sink further. In a statement, the union said it believed the airways' future "remains in the hands of their lowest-paid cabin crew." The union suggested Britain's crew should set an example by rescuing more pilots in the dark. "Flights are under threat from shaky, waterlogged flights," it said in a statement.
A federal lawsuit filed Friday seeks to overturn portions of Texas' new abortion law, considered among the most restrictive legislation in the nation, just weeks before it takes effect.|||The latest challenge to the Family Research Council lawsuit, which seeks to stop Texas from criminalizing the death of a 9-year-old girl who became pregnant, was filed in U.S. District Court in San Antonio. Plaintiff appellie Ann Oakley said that in the act of killing a 9-year-old girl, a state resident, her Sixth Amendment right to bear arms was violated. The family's motion was filed on behalf of one of its attorneys, Grayling Mayer. The lawsuit says the wife of the unborn child "has a constitutionally protected right to order a pregnancy terminated until she is of age to lawfully provide an alternative option." Texas had passed an anti-abortion amendment in July. While it also specifies that subsequent 'cause' before funding of an unborn infant's care is not a basis for the rule, the state must rely on the fact that the woman's "arbitrary and capricious' nature" -- which equals pre-existing states laws known as RFRA -- renders any government action on the fetus in this matter illegal. In its ruling Friday, the New York-based women's rights group argued that the state constitution does not allow the banning of an abortion, which is the first step in removing the restriction. By law, the state cannot impose a prohibition on a woman's life. But it could have if it chose to do so. Women's rights advocates are already working to prepare a new challenge on abortion. Alex Myers, an attorney at Planned Parenthood of the Southwestern United States, said that though Roe v. Wade will be revisited, abortion rights groups fear that Texas will not have freedom to end the situation if the law passes. "Because of the right to choose, because of anti-women positions, the possibility of abortion has diminished," Myers said. "Women have been harassed and intimidated for years to obtain abortion care in Texas. It's just not a compassionate, legal and constitutional choice for them to make. Government can't turn around and demand to deny women the ability to choose what the law requires of them. "And being able to do that, is in direct conflict with what their right to choose says, 'This is a woman's right to a reproductive choice,' " he said. The Department of State Health Services said on Monday that the public health risks associated with medical abortions are concerning, and that it recommends limiting the number of abortions conducted. "Clearly, it's concerning that abortions have become the state practice and the political agenda of lawmakers in Texas," Dr. Sarah Johnson said on CNN's "John Alexander" in a conference call. Other groups are also suing over the law. "One of the groups that have been mobilized, many of them students of reproductive health sciences at nearby colleges, the SCET, has been actively engaging in opposing Roe v. Wade, all for the right to abortion," said Dr. Kari Blane Anick, executive director of the Human Rights Campaign in Austin. Taylor Gonzalez, founder of Women.org, said she was "disappointed" by the law. She said that "it kind of clashes with Texas' commitment to reproductive rights and the rights of women." "Like many states, Texas has put these restrictions on abortion access, especially for the few women that decide to pursue a potentially dangerous but safe abortion," Gonzalez said, adding: "But we have also seen that for many Texas women it is an option for them to pursue. But Texas is rejecting a federal question on access to abortion. What they should do is expand access and allow clinics to provide legal, safe abortion services to all of their patients." The lawsuit says that the "consequences of such action against a woman who chooses to terminate an abortion should not be applied to a woman who chooses to terminate her own pregnancy."
(EW.com) -- Four new movies were no match for the feline phenom "The Lion King 3D," which ruled the box office for the second weekend in a row with $22.1 million, according to studio estimates.|||”The Lion King” is staring buddy Charlotte Tilson Thomas in the mouth, and George Lopez, as a re-imagined Eric "Leo" Koster-Mae, displays transformation as he greets a friend named Tina, much like they met when Katniss flirted together with the lion-led 1959 movie “Cats." "The Lion King” dominates the box office with $22.6 million in its second weekend of release, beating out The Parent Trap (which took $18.1 million) to claim second place and Dogma (which landed the number one spot) and TV's "Murder on the Orient Express." The movie grossed at least $38 million in the United States, while each South American and African-themed fare is averaging $7 million per night. The combined total of five new movies included "Kong: Skull Island," ''The Fourth Five Years" and the "Donuts' Live" are split equally among the box office haul. "The Lion King" opened on Friday to an estimated $21.6 million. With four days, the film earned a hefty $45.1 million in North America. In China, the film spent $26 million on three shows, according to an initial estimate of Chinese box office data. The President: Kitting, with Timothee Chalamet and Michelle Pfeiffer, takes on the movie's leading role -- and rivals. The White House and Ford’s E-400 deal was announced this week. "The President: Man of the Year" was among the box office's five new releases, according to IMAX, the Cineplex and Universal’s Pictures units. There are about 3.6 million tickets sold in English and American markets. "The Big Bad Wolf" was another box office performer in theaters, with $17 million. The three-movie fix brought in a healthy $19 million. "A fox in Winter Town" was the only other big-ticket movie, and it only managed $8.8 million in North America. The studio's newest attempt to revive the Mythbuster franchise -- the zombie-battle tale "Vittorio De Sica" -- made a disappointing $2.3 million in its opening weekend. But not surprisingly, some fans were happy to discover Disney resurrected the form of "The Little Mermaid," starring Minnie Mouse and Don Cheadle as the misfit Tiana, Peter Pan and Tigress. "A major portion of the massive film was devoted to exploring the history of the 'Little Mermaid' in their original form," Universal wrote in its official box office report, which said "Much of the film was based on the original book that chronicles Tiana's recollections of Tiana's past year in Africa. There were loud cheers when Sebastian crowned his new reign as the King of the Lion Kingdom and the mix of live action and 3D content energized the story." "Lion King 3D exceeded expectations," Box Office Mojo said in a statement. "We want to thank filmmaker-composer J.M. Coetzee and his team of talented and experienced talent for bringing these stories to life, to this remarkable audience and to viewers. Sadly, having 2 sets of animal-centric stories introduced through this ensemble, it is difficult to compare 'The Lion King 3D' to 'Cats' [as the title means]."Speaking of cats, Juliette Lewis says, "We already feel like cats, and here we have two new cats. She's treated this movie very well and it's never been better. We're thrilled, we're so happy." Tennessee Williams says her poignant return as Lioness led to a new feel to "Cats." "This is just the beginning. The lion family" includes a new "Cats: The Legend of the Lion King," and the treatment looks like it will bring joy, warmth, fun and rainbows for the next decade. It’s bound to be an emotional and poignant conclusion to the series that was launched in 2011. The most heartbreaking moments, she adds, are the tomcats themselves, the cats are fine people, but the way they treat each other (and kittens and cubs) does not go without breaking hearts.
(CNN Student News) -- November 11, 2011.|||As part of a nationally shared curriculum for new journalists, the video below, will guide you through the steps to finish a learning-based program, take that final preliminary exam, and apply for an Executive Job. To access this transcript on your mobile device click here. This video is produced by the CNN Student News team. All national student news content is produced by CNN Student News. For more information on CNN Student News, click here. Click here to access the transcript of today's program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. This video was produced by CNN Student News.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- U.S. drone strikes in Yemen on Friday killed six militants, including two senior leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, four local security sources said.|||Sony Tanehiye said the U.S. dropped missiles that killed four militants at the start of the day. His tribe, a small and mostly Bedouin community, had six fighters, all of whom were killed, he added. Most of the militants were members of al Qaeda, the official Yemeni security body called Ansarullah, said Mowhid Abu Saja
Washington (CNN) -- Two major civil liberties groups filed a lawsuit Tuesday challenging the government's asserted authority to kill U.S. citizens living abroad who are designated as terrorists.|||The ACLU, the Federation of American Scientists and Public Citizen have filed a collaboratory amicus brief and Memo v. Patrick J. Sullivan Jr. at the Department of Justice, seeking to stop so-called "countdown" kills for "suspicion of terrorist activity." The ACLU argued that in a March 23 memo dated March 18, 2005, as the principle prosecutor, Sullivan wrote that the president and Department of Justice were "expected to authorize unilateral, indefinite and, through warrantless, unreasonable wiretap" of Americans. The petition then says that if pressed, the attorney general "may authorally direct his or her agents to take any citizen in the United States absent a warrant." The attorneys general are also looking at Executive Orders, Executive Order 13217, Executive Order 13222 and Executive Order 11219 and instructing them to proceed with a "methodical review" of both memos. At their lunch this afternoon in Manhattan, all three groups filed court papers asking Judge J.P. O'Connor to throw out the suit and set the terms for ongoing civil liberty litigation. No one at the group sued the Justice Department in 2009, but there are plaintiffs, plaintiffs have been gathered, and there are now more than 5,000 defendant indictments. The lawsuits collect information at those hundreds of arrestees sites. The groups say they are challenging the rulings as part of the Fourth Amendment's 14th Amendment rights to due process. That right carries protection for both the parties, and it is in effect, they argue, protecting the constitution.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A former New York City bouncer was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for the brutal slaying of a graduate student from Boston, the Brooklyn district attorney's office said.|||James Perry, 58, was arrested last month and charged with murder in the November murder of Ariel Reagan, 26, a Boston post-doctoral student who was visiting from Boston when he was killed. His former friend was convicted of murder, gang rape and driving under the influence, the district attorney's office said. Perry, who was convicted in 2009 in the death of a Bronx constable who stopped an attack on his friend, has pleaded guilty to first-degree murder. In addition to his first-degree murder conviction, Perry was charged with murder, conspiracy to commit second-degree murder, armed robbery, intimidation, driving under the influence and driving under the influence of drugs. The Boston District Attorney's office has accused Perry of smuggling drugs into the city and setting up a scheme to kill Reagan. In April, Robert J. Justice, the Manhattan federal judge who sent Perry to jail, told the jury that he acted with perfect calm and restraint. "We always feel for him," Justice said. "I feel for the mother and father he loved." Judge Thomas Hogan agreed and handed down the sentence in July in a homicide trial held by special prosecutor Malcolm Clark. The three men were behind bars -- Ronald Greenburg, the victim's father, and Greenburg's girlfriend, Malcolm Sickle -- when Arnold Reagan was shot multiple times with a gun in 2005 along Harlem's West End on First Avenue and 37th Street. Reagan was a 23-year-old graduate student who was visiting New York with his parents, the lawyer said at the time. Authorities began investigating Reagan after they received a tip about an armed suspect, who traveled to New York from Boston. The shooting happened hours before dinner at a residence party he had arranged with Greenburg. Police arrested Greenburg the same night after he had traveled to New York City from his home in Boston to attend the University of Massachusetts, a university spokesman said at the time. David Goldstein, a spokesman for the department, said a fight in the room between Greenburg and Greenburg killed Greenburg and was killed while Greenburg was outside the apartment where the altercation took place. Prosecutors have not said how the two men ended up fighting.
(CNN)F-16 fighter jets escorted two passenger planes into Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Saturday after a bomb threat made on Twitter was deemed credible, according to military officials.|||The F-16 fighter jets were escorted into the airport as the planes' four A321s were on their way to land. The A321s were "delivered to the aircrafts and were separated from the crew by firemen to ensure the safety of the plane's occupants and passengers," the Federal Aviation Administration said. "The threat was rated a credible threat and was reported to FAA. All crew members were safely evacuated from the aircraft as the plane was secured to the runway and was receiving firefighting training at this time. No injuries or injuries were reported on the A321s," the FAA said. The airline warned air passengers about the threat ahead of the flight as it took off from Phoenix International Airport. The AA grounded one of its aircraft, the J12-C Joel, for about three hours due to "criminal activity," according to the FAA. On October 6, the airport again closed for a period of nearly 20 hours after a bomb threat on a flight from Los Angeles. However, the threat was downgraded to an "event," a FAA spokeswoman said. The power to a nearby Boeing 787-8 jet diverted the planes "to a designated dry fuel port," according to FAA data. The company said the re-fueling of one aircraft should bring it to a capacity of 2,000 when it was eventually allowed to depart.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Actor Pernell Roberts, who played the eldest Cartwright brother in TV's "Bonanza," died at his Malibu, California, home Sunday at 81, his lawyer said.|||"I'm so sad to see this, but it was a real wonderful thing that happened," Roberts told The Associated Press. Roberts was born and raised in Long Beach, California. The best-known actor of his era, Roberts was one of the first to star in an adult drama -- a part that ran an arc of 60 episodes, as he played a member of a boarding school team. "Bonanza" followed a similar arc for Thomas Cartwright, the youngest brother of Cheyenne Mountain (Stanley Tucci) -- giving him full support in his dealings with cowboys. Roberts, who also did minor roles on the original TV series and "Unforgiven," began his acting career in 1974. He played Samson Prince, a native American youth gathering in New York. Roberts was just 15. His acting career began about 40 years earlier. He also took part in an NBC hit series on the same time. "Bonanza" is the oldest surviving film series, set in the Appalachian Mountains. Roberts and his late brother, Roger Spielberg, began their acting career as young men playing for the Roberts brothers in the hit TV series "The Odd Couple." Spielberg played Eli Martin, a vice president of a fraternity and one of the leading men of the 1950s Los Angeles football club that became known for a frat-boy scene. "Bonanza" was canceled in 1966 after two seasons, and Roberts and Spielberg both played themselves, playing Eric Cartwright and Bo Cartwright.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- All U.S. forces have vacated a military base in Pakistan, meeting a deadline set by Islamabad after a NATO airstrike killed dozens of soldiers, local military officials said Sunday.|||CBS is Pakistan's official state news agency. The Pakistani defense ministry and government officials denied reports the army was planning to pull out. The Pakistani military, on its part, said it has been trying to reach a deal with the U.S. and NATO to secure the area for its troops. I’ll let you know once everything is finalized, our people are ready to go," Prime Minister Zardari said. "It will not be easy to secure Pakistan now." CNN’s Clinton Stevens and Edward Dapneitz contributed to this report.
Oslo (CNN) -- While the Nobel Peace Prize was being awarded this week in an ornate hall in Oslo, a small island nearby was shrouded in a cold mist that made it seem almost haunted.|||The quiet could not help but provoke a sense of unease. On that bright winter day, the 48-mile-long lake on the northern tip of Jotunheimen was at a dangerously low point, minus 50 degrees C., making for a cold day in mid-January, said Nina Kjell Hansen, director of the Norwegian Institute of Environmental Studies. "This (gathering) is about survival," Hansen said. "It's about protecting as much as we can with all our might and as much as we can, but it's always going to be missing something." With 10 bodies in place, Hansen said, the cabin could still be occupied, but the lone occupant had already gone. The Nobel Peace Prize elbowing aside massive festivities, the destruction of that missing island seemed to be holding large discussions. Norris Ydel, who had won the prize in 2002, said the rain was the worst since he first took notice in 1996. The city of New York, on the other side of a snow-covered Manhattan, was at that time cuddled up against a solitary tree. "Look at the shadows of the Statue of Liberty," he said. The are like there are things hidden beneath the clear sky, small shadows that keep extending their shadows over the entire landscape of a landlocked region. "This guy's trying to explain to people that those small, dark shadows are growing." This landlocked region is already partly covered with ice in places, so the crisis seemed to hit at a more desperate stage with satellite anchors being broke off and dropped in and out, in addition to satellites being knocked out by strong winds and ship-to-ship collisions. The destroyer USNS Hudson, the USS Spencer, is considered the best-known memorial, according to Japan's Ministry of Culture. No visible objects have been recovered from the water, and the largest salvage effort is in the planning stages. But the San Francisco-based Los Angeles Times reported earlier this year that rescuers were missing more than 3,000 objects, mainly guns and other powerful objects, estimated to be at or near the epicenter of the disaster. Since January 25, Toreus, which is responsible for removing the debris of the stricken ship, has done nearly 300,000 pounds of salvage. Its state-of-the-art antenna tests regularly. "It looks like a missile, but it just turned out to be a salvage vessel," Johnson said, comparing the vessel to a dish from a radio dish. The US Navy may have become weary of the situation, Johnson said. "Obviously, you would never want to do something like this for an entire country." He said at least three ships have been damaged by the storm, but the damage was mainly minor. No plans have been made for getting rid of the damaged vessel.
(CNN) -- Frances Reid, best known for her decades-long portrayal of Alice Horton on the soap opera "Days of our Lives," died Wednesday at the age of 95.|||Frances Reid died Wednesday at a private hospital in Boise, Idaho, two sisters who'd worked for actress Agnes Reid, the Reids said. "The electric climb she made up for John's loss was obviously in the process of coming up here to Idaho to play with her sisters, and she always looked forward to seeing those two Rollers and ballerinas," Agnes Reid Reid wrote in a note in her workbook. "A special gift to all who followed her, she made us believe that in heaven she would be with us all the time. The roller' roller' roller rollers. They reminded us that there is more than one shade of green. "Farewell, my sister." Rolling Around In Your Head: List of celebrity names who have come out, people they've never heard of and why they are popping up around the country. Here's where to find them on the internet.
(CNN) -- A suspected serial killer has killed for the last time.|||The two men survived after seven days in a Memphis, Tennessee, jail. Two local police officers, Hillary Clark and Karl Hunten, worked together to free the men, who were out of jail Sunday night. According to authorities, Hunten shot them in the street and Clark drove them to The Cramp. They never made it to a hospital. Hunten shot the victim in the left arm; Hunten shot the man in the leg; and Hunten shot a man in the torso.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The Defense Department will release "a substantial number" of photographs showing abuse of prisoners at prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.|||Even after orders to issue photographs of Guantanamo detainees that involved the United States and other countries ordered by the government's court of appeal, the Defense Department has yet to respond, a spokesman said. That means if those photos are out there, it would be too late to do anything about them, he said. The civil rights group, which represents about 35,000 displaced Iraqi and Afghan prisoners of war, says photos and video evidence show abuses that could threaten the fight against terrorism and torture inside the government-run prisons. "It's very troubling to see photographs of torture and images that indicate medical and medical staff deliberately fabricated activities and evidence of health care needs for detainees, among other things," said Iman Raheem, director of Human Rights Watch's Middle East and North Africa Project. "Many of the photographs of the photos in Iraq date back to as far as the end of 2005, yet for no apparent reason the American government has withheld them. We still believe that the rulings have been arbitrary, that the detention of these detainees was unlawful, and that they have been subjected to tortures," said Raheem. "These photos and videos clearly demonstrate that many of these violations have been occurring and are continuing to occur." Afghanistan is not part of the U.S. program for disclosures of detainee experiences, though it has a similar program in Iraq, which provides family members with materials and shelters for prisoners it guards, or a detention center in Afghanistan. Releasing images that could help illustrate detainee abuse could help build civil institutions in Iraq to improve treatment, and overcome convictions for assault in courts, Raheem said. Iraq's Baghdad governor issued a statement Monday calling for an investigation into the deaths in the U.S.-run prisons. He said the media that have seen the photographs of mistreatment at the U.S. prisons in Iraq "illegally frame detainees and use the negative words and judgment of others to blame the detainees, and intimidate the detainees." The Afghan president issued a statement to CNN on Monday calling for the release of the photos. "If there are such individuals, who is it holding the photographs? Do we not want the images to show what is taking place? Let's be clear on that point. This is not political." CNN's Kikash Taras contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- With the presidential race heading into its final stretch, both candidates vow to protect the sacred promises made to military families. But neither is offering any details on how they might support military families if we hit a fiscal cliff with budget cuts that could wipe out services for military and veterans' families.|||There are reasons to be worried about a fiscal cliff. And none of those reasons alone will be enough to put the brakes on President Barack Obama's plan to make unnecessary cuts to military benefits. A House of Representatives committee is conducting a hearing on the Senate's proposed "Stop the Nail" resolution that would force veterans and other service members to live with the cost of cutting up to $50,000 a day in benefits. Many of the funds used for programs that provide care for veterans would have been paid for with future taxes. Until the bill passes, the House will continue to levy several taxes and impose new restrictions on spending. For example, the penalty of a $20,000 tax could increase by $4,000 and would be applied to all veterans and their dependents in the military system. Those entitlements would be subject to an enhanced period of eligibility for benefits, such as time off, single-payments, job training or accelerated citizenship, similar to the loosened restrictions that were made after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. During tough times, veterans often face extra burdens in tough times. Medicaid cuts are one example. Other veterans could face penalties from such cuts. No amount of spending cuts could balance the scales of the country's economy, given the growing cost of producing the products that produce wealth for workers and businesses across this country. The continued reliance on military spending comes as many states struggle to adjust. Since the end of last year, some states have seen unemployment rates as high as 7%. Meanwhile, Washington, D.C., has been facing the consequences of its war with Iraq and has threatened to make more security cuts. The latest example is Wisconsin, which has seen average wages go up and income drop from about $63,000 a year to $45,000 in just 10 years. In a nation plagued by spending problems, it is essential for these workers and companies to find a way to adapt and thrive. Starting next year, these workers and businesses can apply for special tax breaks with different (generous) exemptions, and in some cases even "temporary" healthcare measures. Those actions will "double or triple" the federal funds available to help families as they transition to a new fiscal year. There is also the imperative of balancing the books and getting the spending cuts implemented. If funding for current programs is extended over the next year or less, the money will actually increase. During the campaign, the president's backers have struggled to articulate how he and vice president candidate Paul Ryan -- who has pledged to create a new independent fiscal office -- will balance the projected cuts and ensure funding remains adequate. During the presidential campaign, both candidates say they will protect the values and sacrifices of the service members and their families. Hillary Clinton talks about keeping the sacrifice that Americans put in their service members alive in 2004. She had the most memorable words when she said she would work to ensure veterans' families are better off. Ronald Reagan has made clear to the world that he wants to maximize revenues from defense spending. And he has called on all of us to do more to make sure our services remain free and fair for our troops and their families, and to provide timely and appropriate resources to help give our troops that they deserve. But making those promises with no specifics, creating unrealistic deadlines, or trying to write a budget that restricts services, do not solve the problem. One focus of this debate will be whether our next president will be willing to use taxpayer dollars to make fair and real cuts to the military. How will he manage to mitigate such cuts? How would he protect our national security? How would he ensure the safety of families and military families? We will need to know more, particularly as swing voters across the country come to vote next week. Americans will vote next week. The results of the Alaska and New Hampshire special elections will be determined on July 17. Washington will be led by a coalition of Republicans and Independent and Unaffiliated political parties brokered by House Democrats. Alaska must also vote on March 27 to avoid a filibuster. And Idaho will vote on March 4, along with 10 days before Nevada, all "elections" are counted. Do we have much leeway to make good on our promise to honor the military? Comment: CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Dave Heisler and John Curtice contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Car tires disappearing under knee-high water. Rescuers ferrying residents from their homes in inflatable boats.|||Car tires disappearing under knee-high water. Rescuers ferrying residents from their homes in inflatable boats. Miami residents back from the middle of the island as Hurricane Jose increases the rain. "People need to live, they need their homes to stay," Mike Johnson, a spokesman for Hurricane Jose National Emergency Management Agency, told CNN. After days of flooding, including a tornado that destroyed much of Palawan in May, the population was dry again. But the problem left nearby Manzanita Island inaccessible, in an area that was flooded in December, and manzanita villagers complained that no help arrived. Signs urged residents to donate any food, water or rice they may have along the sandy and muddy streets. In addition, black life nets are being made to evacuate those who drown. If rescuers cannot save them, they will get moved. Good Samaritans also helped villagers stranded by the floods. Four people were killed last week and at least 15 others were injured.
Princeton, New Jersey (CNN) -- There is at present a profound uncertainty about currencies. That is why the president of the World Bank, Robert Zoellick, created such a stir with a brief reference to an enhanced role for gold in the course of a plea for a more sustainable international exchange rate system.|||The price of gold has been absolutely fundamental to most peoples' daily lives, and when factored in with other world events, how much money can be spent -- and captured -- by the average citizen today? A crystal ball is worth a heck of a lot more than a bill for a hoverboard, and some experts would say that is increasingly a reality at both the World Bank and at large international organizations. Such an approach would have merit, and the World Bank certainly is looking for ways to help its member countries. But the goal is sound monetary policy, not gold buying. While it is true that there is some evidence of over-inflating of the greenback since 2009, the world bank believes the many reasons for this increase are partly economic and partly technological. And they are not the first up concerns to crop up. The Pew economic survey said 10% thought a gold-backed U.S. dollar would cause inflation. According to the WFP, China is on track to face deflation around $300 billion in 2014 and is the second-worst country on the planet for inflation after the United States. Moreover, the banks predict that they will continue to need to pump trillions of dollars into debt service, which would further increase the uncertainty and expense of managing monetary policy. Such measures are discouraged by the WFP, which it has said would amount to a reduction of the authority of the president to make monetary policy decisions. Of course, the president does not need Congressional approval to take this extraordinary action. Money and its demand in this respect is a problem it has both historically and recently been subject to. At his address to the United Nations, Zoellick presented his long-term view of the World Bank, which is based in Washington, which is where President Barack Obama is. The president's view of the World Bank's usefulness is to prop up world economies when they are, in fact, in dire need of economic stimulus. It was, after all, created by the then-British prime minister, George W. Bush, when his failure to stimulate the economy caused Britain and Europe to drive a recession, and it was during the sale of oil assets which prompted the development of the Bank of England's plan to build up the Bank of the World. Today the benefits of investment in the bank have been recognized. Now, the important question is what is done with the proceeds of that loan? The World Bank has been holding discussions for many years about where investment in the bank will go. Questions of short-term policies must be resolved in an approach that will have a positive impact on global economic growth and peace. A matter of fiscally prudence should be at the heart of any conversation, but the reaction on the world stage to the theme is something we are all fully aware of. There are several grounds for change in the World Bank's approach to the U.S. dollar and for our country's approach to rising interest rates. Zoellick is more an advocate of global cooperation and central bank supervision. He sees the need for central bank power to help countries that do not have the means and goods necessary to protect themselves against an economic downturn or stagnation. Zoellick views nations' debt problems as their legacy. In an interview with CNN's Elise Labott, Zoellick said: "But our jobs are tied to taking out trillions of dollars" in deficits. I think this is a good, and a sensible, option, but not a bad, one, and at this point we are in a period of economic challenges where the World Bank should not be spending the public funds to try to stimulate the economy." It might be hard to act on any other possible option, but on this issue when you have a long-term view of a long-term vision like Zoellick's, U.S. weakness is also a serious problem. Even if the world can win over many more developing nations, many are bound to continue to struggle against this dark development.
(CNN) -- Whether you're looking for a laid-back evening or want to party the night away, there are plenty of bars and clubs in Malmo to keep you entertained.|||Seen of these performance hall-friendly music venues have been hosting fascinating bands for years, from jazz trumpeters to soul bands. Last year, McNally Kennedy was one of the venues playing live at the Unseen. This year, the children's act Thambo and the Latin Female Fallacy is taking over one night of the festival. Organizers say patrons can expect to see some great folk tunes, feel-good tunes and general friendly entertainment. "Over the years we've seen great groups come and go," says Mollyjoe Reis. The crowd is filled with excited children as they watch the event from the back of the room. "We always have a good crowd on hand and have great welcome," she adds. Ghanaian musician Murf says he got to know his countrymen. It's unlikely he'd become so popular if it weren't for this music venture. An Djual are described as "a son of the city with an abiding love for those on the street," Julebo says. Solo act 'Two For One-Square' takes a better look at the city of Malmo's variety of music venues. The bills change as the night goes on, according to singer Christopher Weber, who wrote two books about the city in 2001 and 2004. In a list of the nights to expect, he gave one of his favorites: "Four beautiful young men outside, just a chance to play in the village, it's rather surreal in Malmo -- totally quite different from Stockholm, but maybe there's a similarity." Julebo plays traditional folk songs and also includes a few '80s songs written by veteran English performers, they say.
Tucson, Arizona, public schools suspended their Mexican-American studies program after an administrative law judge ruled it violated a new state law and the state said the local district was going to lose $15 million in annual aid, officials said.|||The law bans the "appropriation of private property and private rights" by any race to gain entrance to public schools. The law targets any plan or program that would likely encourage schools to turn students away from race-neutral courses in an effort to increase racially diverse enrollment. It also prevents courses from being based on race, if only a racial composition is achieved. Educator Michelle Corbin, the assistant superintendent of the Apache County Schools, submitted a request to the Arizona Department of Education to suspend the law based on the challenge by the academy of education. The decision has been appealed by parent activist Rodriquez Martinez and the teacher-teacher alliance, according to the Associated Press. The law was implemented after Mariano Barbin began speaking to a group of parents and students in the Art Library and told them about the lack of information they had received about the government run program. According to state documents, the state assigned an administrative law judge to hear the hearing. The records provided Monday show that the judge designated the academy teacher as "instrumental in the operation of the program."  Read more: It had nothing to do with conspiracy. The curriculum was handed down in October after about 3,000 people attended a three-day meeting with 10 or more classroom teachers. About 300 students completed a work in progress, the transcripts showed. The three teachers had been working on the program on two different days, in addition to making time for individual field trips. The law requires the Arizona Department of Education to conduct a detailed review of existing race-based planning for public schools, and the program was suspended while the state reviews its policies, state officials said. A state district board recently named Dr. José Manuel Perez, the architect of the law, chairman of the board, in the wake of a report by the Maricopa County School District, according to the AP.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson's children, and Dr. Arnold Klein denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs.|||During an 18-hour video interview, Klein downplayed the contention of Jackson's lawyers that he drugged the superstar during the health care system overhaul and claimed he had every right to test whether he had given Jackson any type of illegal drug. His attorney, Randy Lautner, told CNN: "You're crazy." Klein denied he ever gave Jackson any drug or gave him any alcohol during the health care system overhaul, but was willing to acknowledge that the two children were adopted. He said he may have given a child not reported living as Jackson's biological son if he had known that the former star was sterile at birth, CNN's Kareem Aden Allman reported. Klein, who was also known as Dr. Harvey Kohlberg before his career at the dermatology clinic, has spoken out in the past against legal proceedings that have been filed against him and Jackson, and he described the practice's litigation process as "zealous and adversarial." He told CNN's Larry King he hasn't helped sick people due to his job, although he said he did read reports and write reports and he "maintained a good relationship with the patients he treated." He said he and his wife did not give many months of maternity leave to their daughters, Jessica and Heather. Klein said he didn't take a photo of the two of his children before the decision to foster them to try and prove whether they were a genetic sibling to Jackson. "We're not concerned for the outcome," Klein said. Asked about drug use, Klein said: "I cannot speculate on anyone's illness. ... What I know about medical conditions is, you cannot isolate and isolate from another person's illness, so don't look for a healthy relationship. Any future genetic motivation is gone," Klein said. In 2005, he said he was recommended to Jackson by a family doctor, but he said the doctor didn't know the children's mother's name. Klein, who has eight children from three relationships, says that the three children are autistic and are suffering from postpartum depression, post-traumatic stress disorder and some mental illness. "Although some of those conditions are both disabling and related to the patient, I never went to perform a controlled (surgical) operation on them," Klein said. Klein said he used only professional judgment when he gave Jackson certain drugs to help keep the children from seizing. An 18-page biography of Klein's appearance and family life appears in the biography of Jeffery Christensen. The biography is by Elaine Levy, a friend of Klein's who said Klein has long battled with a sex addiction. "My parents were not wealthy enough to afford good health care," the biography quoted Klein as saying. "They were never able to afford it. It was always a struggle to insure proper body care." Klein is famous for his on-site surgeries. For many, Klien testified, a months-long series of no-nonsense procedures to protect children against diseases like SARS and PEDs were confined to surgical rooms. The surgeries went beyond operating rooms to harm the children. Klien said he used laser, Botox and various injections. He says his job is to remove excess sores. Klein also testified that he has given Jackson two prescription and perhaps even three to four back-to-back shots of a powerful herb called Suboxone each day, both which were tied to organ failure, which was discovered after Jackson's autopsy in 1992. One of the three types of drug that Klein said he gave Jackson during the drug regimen was a combination of sodium oxycodone and codeine, which is a drug used to slow the development of hepatitis C, heroin and other diseases, he said. "I don't know whether we injected (Jackson) any or not," Klein said.
(CNN) -- Imagine sitting at your desk at work and overhearing a co-worker sharing the good news about his or her latest raise, bumping his or her salary to $50,000. You have worked at the company five years longer, in the same position and your salary is $5,000 lower.|||The Huffington Post asked for the opinions of a large number of recent workers about their compensation and raises. Read on to see whether you feel a jump in your salary should be the ultimate sign of better times. And if you are a worker, don't be alarmed. Most jobs that you have worked at pay your salary less than $50,000 for the past five years, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). At the same time, consider this more realistically: After seven years, your job could have paid you $37,000 in 2008. That's three years that you have worked less than your first full year at the company. Since then, it's not much different. Five years later, the average employee is still sitting at a desk in the same work environment, earning $37,400 a year. That's not very good. You have worked at the company five years longer, in the same position and your salary is $5,000 lower. The BLS recently asked whether you think the raises taken out of the employees' paycheck are fair, but I raise my eyebrow. Do you? And are you angry with those who got richer by a dime while you worked for your job, but your pay remains lower than yours? Read more here and let us know in the comments.
(CNN) -- Mila Kunis -- and her baby bump and engagement ring -- are out of hiding.|||Kunis-and-the engagement ring. Fifty Shades Darker star Mila Kunis is expecting a baby next year. The 35-year-old actress and actress, who is deeply married to film producer Jason Bateman, has been keeping her pregnancy private. After the star's surprise world premiere Friday night, fans questioned whether or not she was trying to prevent them from finding out that she was expecting a son. "I'm super-happy and honored that people love me," the actress responded on Twitter. "Merry Christmas all! Thank you for respecting my privacy. I love you, Big Apple, Big," she told Twitter users. "I'm just a happy actress. Love, the world. And yeah, I have a ring." At the time of her announcement, only Tate Taylor, who plays Carly in the TV series "Divergent," was believed to know about the actor's name. "You're the only person I know who's ever tweeted that you are my wife," Taylor reportedly told Kunis, "so I don't know if she's got any idea who you are." A source tells CNN.com that Makkareh Mansfield, who has known the family for the past three years, was told during the January 2014 "Bumblebee" premiere that Kunis was expecting. Abigail Isaac recently spoke about the child's birth and motherhood on her show, "The Amber Project." "What an honor to be here," she said. "They are going to kick it one day."
(CNN)If Nintendo has its way, you can prepare for a visit to the magical land of Hyrule, looking more real than ever.|||The kits show a living-simuring-looking Mario on display in the era of Nintendo's revitalized toy division. Nintendo even replaced "Halo" (yes, not "Cool Kid") with "Plague Kingdom," says an official at GameSpot, a major tech blog. The time-traveling giant dragon drifts around instead of chumbling down the giant crystals in the hallways of Hyrule. If you look closely enough, you can see Mario falling to his doom from the perspective of a fallen mushroom. But Nintendo has plans to get it right in its latest, the newly revamped version of "Halo." It's a result that looks like it will take "forever to appear" because of the changes to the graphics. It's already been called some of the most advanced rendering system ever found in gaming. Many computer graphics companies have resurrected the "Happy Moments" game from its early days in the 2000s. While a title like "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" simply shows where Mario got his start, "Hyrule" has been improving since the original title's release in 2002. It was a hit, and it quickly re-emerged as a game with a bright future. Although recent patch for the 2012 version of the game, the Central American Adventure of "Suburbs" has still to be released, the trick is to have it look realistic enough to be played by many residents. "Halo" could be updated to show Hyrule under a lot less lighting. Its main focus is on the Sky, with space and town features that have received hints from the animated source material. Gamers will also be able to choose where to walk, step out of the main hall and into a local marketplace. Another perk -- halo shots. Virtual planet park in Florida. And an augmented reality! Google Earth. A camera on your smartphone lets you zoom into other city faces. You can visit the Grand Canyon or take pictures of waterfalls and spots inside cities and can take a self-guided trip through a luminescent world. What is an interesting mix of weather. Bloomberg, China. (cnbc) » Reports: Game features glitches affecting Las Vegas trip.
(CNN) -- A 6-year-old girl, detained in Arizona on suspicion of entering the United States illegally, is now at a shelter in El Paso, Texas, as authorities try to locate a relative.|||Sued in the Sept. 27, 2010, incident, Meganita Martin, who was with her mother in Michigan, did not speak with authorities on the day of her release. She is thought to have entered the United States with her mother in New Mexico, Mexico. Mexican officials believe she arrived after the Sinaloa tribe, which has long controlled the area, and had been running away from a coyote attack on the border. The Sinaloa government brought the girl into custody Monday night. She has not been charged, and authorities have yet to say whether the girl was deported. Assistant U.S. Attorney Maurice Griffith says Mexico does not extradite its illegal immigrants. "This is a situation which has been deeply rooted in racial profiling, ethnic profiling, and targeting Mexican immigrants in the United States," he said. My mother and daughter crossed the border with money from Mexico on Sunday and then came back. Authorities say the smugglers in Mexico have taken the girl's entire eight months of life and concealed her with false papers. Mexican officials received no known tip about why Meganita had reached the border with New Mexico, and the shelter in El Paso is monitoring her welfare. Mexican federal authorities say the girl is American, but cannot specify which country her mother was with. Mexican officials claim they are dealing with an "ongoing" case involving Mexican federal agents, as well as local customs officers. They have no evidence of the girl's relationship with her mother, said Maurice Griffith. Mexican migrants arrive in the United States via the Mexico-U.S. border nearly every year, and some are forced to cross Mexico's Mexican-American territory illegally. All Mexicans face greater risk of deportation if they cross the border with a broken ankle or other law enforcement obstacle, but the odds of crossing into the United States are great. Mexican immigration and borders are part of the U.S. debate over immigration policy. That debate has evolved and escalated in recent years, as the drugs war between the government and the Mexican-American illegal immigrant population has flared. Former President Felipe Calderon, who twice waged a war against drugs in his country, is facing calls from immigrant rights groups to secure his country's borders. CNN's Roan Bendalo contributed to this report.
(EW.com) -- One of the more intriguing pop controversies of 2013 was the friendly fire exchanged over the perceived similarities between Katy Perry's "Roar" and Sara Bareilles' "Brave."|||No doubt: innovative storytellers fall for hits with an explosive hook. This article was originally published on March 18, 2013. Copyright © 2011 Entertainment Weekly. All rights reserved. © 2013 TIME. For more on top artists and their musical statements, see: Your Guide to Changing the Game. "Your Name" contains a look into one artist's musical sound and trademark and proposes at least two ways to design songs and graphic design in relation to those sounds. By mid-year, it had already been disputed over the following songs: "Hello/Live Bullet," from the follow-up to "No Tears Left To Cry," and "I Wanna Fall in Love With a Girl," from the sequel to "Brave." "Heroic love for a friend in love." "I fight against my nemesis in this song, in this love: triumph, in rebellion, in rebellion. There's a feeling of a forgotten woman on my arm and yet I'm meeting her. It's a whole lot." "Lovers. We wanna slay you." "Slay you with our blood." "Break your woman's heart and you become a King." "Some of the melody is even a little hip hop." Watch a photo of the lyricists of "Thank You For Listening" clip at the right: Wes Anderson, Tyler the Creator and Kyle Kashmore. "Lady Bird." It's "Solve You." And, "Billionaire Woman" by Common, Eli Roth, Evan Goldberg, David Foster, Jason Derulo and Ciphers. "Head Over Heels" and "Kill Me With Your Bare Bones." . The hook: "You (What They Say) Won't Have My Name." . . . It's a beat said by two guys when they were on stage at the Red Room's Gala. "The tune you're listening to right now could actually make my chest hurt. I might jump, I might flail around, I might bang my head really hard." . While Craig Thorsen said it "doesn't have to make me feel like crap," and he said I had the idea for the track, and most likely that's what he had in mind, he did it without actually having a hip-hop background or having recorded it. . . "Astrobe." "Head Sweep." "Head Over Heels." "Dear Shh.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong is on high alert after an Indonesian domestic helper contracted the city's first human case of H7N9 avian flu, the city's government says.|||The Hong Kong Health Department said Friday that a 28-year-old man and a 33-year-old woman have contracted the H7N9 avian flu and have been hospitalized since being diagnosed last week, it said in a statement. The department said it didn't know if the man is related to the woman. The investigation is ongoing, the department said. The three victims are young people between the ages of 18 and 25 with no records of previous contact, the department said. H7N9 has made headlines for its virulence, it's the most widespread strain ever recorded, the life-threatening form of avian flu and is feared to be the world's deadliest, according to the World Health Organization. The virus can also be fatal. The maximum number of H7N9 reported cases each year is about 20, and by Tuesday there were two cases of H7N9, according to the WHO. The Hong Kong Health Department spokesman told CNN it isn't putting the virus on high alert because of the reduced numbers of laboratory tests. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Nearly 400 people were killed overnight Saturday by government shelling in what is supposed to be a "no-fire" zone of Sri Lanka, a humanitarian worker in the area told CNN on Sunday.|||Respended 30 kilometers (18 miles) east of the capital, Colombo, a Reuters witness reported dozens of people killed in three villages in North Karmawati village. The curfew was imposed after a Thursday morning shelling. There was no immediate official casualty toll or information on the toll Saturday, said Salahuddin Motwara, a spokesman for the United Nations humanitarian agency in Sri Lanka. How many people killed? U.N. Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) spokesman Sanjoy Somali. Thirty-one people were wounded, he said.
It breaks my heart to read about the death of James Boyd, a homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in March. Boyd was apparently mentally ill.|||The Albuquerque Police Department released the findings of its investigation into the shooting death of James Boyd on Wednesday. "The investigation of this case has revealed that James Boyd, a homeless man, had a medical condition that caused him to be at risk of more serious physical injuries," the Police Department statement said. "In April, police located Boyd with a gun and arrested him. He was armed with a knife." Investigators are looking into whether Boyd did anything to warrant a point of interest, such as a polygraph, because he was so agitated. Boyd was a married father of two children, ages 11 and 9, who wrote an open letter to Albuquerque police. Boyd was apparently mentally ill. People care about people. Boyd's family isn't surprised. Police Chief William Botticelli defended his policy of not releasing specific details of an individual's medical history before releasing it. "This particular individual may have required extra counseling in order to adapt to a particular situation and take other steps to keep him in his community," Botticelli told reporters. Boyd's wife has been and still is suffering from mental health issues. Her lawyer, Susan Farmer, couldn't be reached.
(CNN) -- Nine U.N. peacekeepers were killed in an ambush Friday in Mali, a U.N. spokesman said.|||The operation took place when French troops had planned to drop anti-terror equipment in Azawad, southwest of the country's capital, Bamako, according to a French military spokesman. The U.N. peacekeepers from Colombia and Honduras were operating in a larger convoy. It was unclear who was driving the convoy when peacekeepers in the Azawad area were attacked, government spokesman Adama Diarra said. The rebels had been battling Tuareg, mostly Islamist rebels, in northern Mali, the official said. In addition to the French troops, at least two other French troops were killed in the operation, according to the Defense Ministry. The rebels also had two U.S. combat advisers and two U.S. airmen, the official said. In the early hours of Saturday, al Qaeda's movement in the Islamic Maghreb said it fired upon the French aviation observation center in the Azawad region, and then targeted a French plane carrying French troops in the area, the U.N. said. A French military spokesman said at least 20 French troops were killed in the attack. But French troops told the opposition that they had shot first, fighting the rebels as they tried to escape. The two attacks took place minutes apart, it said, according to the radio station al-Masira. French troops were preparing to land at the observation camp after President Francois Hollande tweeted that "the Malians have courage."
(CNN) -- Hamburg have moved up to fourth place in the Bundesliga, only behind Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg on goal difference, after a comfortable 2-0 home victory over Energie Cottbus on Sunday.|||"This was the first time that we won in the league, which is an important step in our development." He took over from former coach Erhan Löw, who went to charge at Cologne on Wednesday. But it fell apart as it does often in the championship. Minutes after half-time, Hamburg goalkeeper Wilfried Bony forced a fine save from keeper Sven Eriksson after he tried to punch home Danny Welbeck's corner. Chelsea striker Cesc Fabregas, though, was denied a second goal after diving to head home Daniel Sturridge's side's second, but his strike cost them their chance of progression. Sturridge will be expected to replace compatriot Fernandinho, who was dropped by Sjoerd Bertelsmann. Liverpool coach Luis Felipe Scolari, who agreed to terms with German head coach Pep Guardiola earlier this month, will look to maintain his European qualification credentials if Germany secure top spot with victory against Bayer Leverkusen at home to Bavarian side TSG Hoffenheim on Tuesday. Sampdoria swept aside Eintracht Frankfurt in an extremely fine display at Struttsberger Haus on Sunday, while fellow Serie A side Napoli beat Schalke 2-0. Toni Kroos played out of position for the home side, having been denied by the post by Monchengladbach's Gustavo Bobadilla, and Marco Mazzioli followed up with a thunderbolt as the away side made it four in all. Ludogorets stunned SSV Frankfurt 3-0 with an extra-time winner from Alessandro Nesta. However, German top flight side Bayern Munich made it four straight wins as they overcame sixth-place VfL Wolfsburg 2-1 at the Allianz Arena to move three points clear of Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg. Bayern have a game in hand and will welcome Paderborn to their home next week. Their trip to Bavaria will come with no fear though as they now have a combined 45 points from 25 games -- with 14 coming from their home games, 17 from their three away matches. Leverkusen, who have been suspended following the FAI's ban on former players, were outclassed by Malmo at the Allianz Arena. Second-placed Werder Bremen beat the lowly Weinzierl FC 1-0 with a goal from Robert Lewandowski. Group B's PSG are in serious danger of missing out on the lucrative Champions League knockout stages after, despite winning 6-1 at last week's Venlo on Saturday, Bassem Dekker was sent off and defender Gianluca Marin gave VfL three goals in three minutes. Stoppage-time winner Bruno Brane (33) also returned to action after Hamburg sacked him. Nuremberg stunned second-placed Nuremberg to move four points clear of the drop zone and just outside the relegation zone with the triumph. Borussia Monchengladbach, who had been almost three points clear of the relegation zone just four days earlier, lost 2-1 at Werder to what could be a disappointing victory for the German outfit. Vassilis Viltez proved instrumental in the rout as he scored three goals but was also forced to suffer late to his own goals as Nuremberg capitulated and endured a second successive defeat after a 2-0 defeat at VfL Bochum. Third-place FC Ingolstadt SV are three points above the relegation zone after earning three points at bottom club Schalke on Sunday. Roma's Salvador Tovar opened the scoring in Trabzonspor's 1-0 win. Portuguese striker Mario Cesar drew level in the first leg of the corresponding leg of their Champions League qualification play-off with Espanyol later Sunday. Forged in competition. Bayern have clinched their place in the knockout phase with a last-minute goal from substitute Mario Kempes in his home city of Freiburg. Bayern will go to the final of the U.S. Open Cup on May 10.
(CNN) -- U.S. law enforcement seized thousands of pounds of drugs and arrested hundreds of people in a synchronized bust targeting Mexican drug cartels and their associates, federal authorities said Friday.|||The raid, dubbed Operation Los Traitor, targeted a large-scale operation in the southern border state of Sinaloa and the cartels organized by San Miguel Cartel in Michoacan state. About 605 kilograms of methamphetamine -- between 7,500 and 10,000 kilograms -- was seized between July 31 and August 6, authorities said. Two the Banditas, a cross-border cartel comprised of Mexican-born women and children from Baja California and Guadalajara, Mexico, were arrested. Twenty-three others were arrested Thursday and July 18, authorities said. The operation is coordinated by the San Miguel Cartel to disrupt its operations in the Baja California area, and also addresses Hidalgo state, in southwestern Mexico. Investigators also targeted a major arms market in San Diego, executing more than 700 felony drug and weapons charges, according to authorities. The operation targeted the UN CHI organization, the Michoacan Drug Enforcement Agency, and the Mexican federal drug trafficking crime task force "J6." The U.S. operation also targets the U.S.-Mexico border, according to U.S. Attorney Ashanti Chitwood for the Southern District of New York. Organized crime and drug gangs take advantage of the U.S.-Mexican border for profits, and some participate in organized crime across the border. For the group organization that runs the highway market in Sayulita, Mexico, authorities said trucks and buses with drugs in them were running into the streets on Thursday. They carried cargoes valued at over one million dollars. Authorities said the hundreds of people arrested in the operation traveled to several Colorado-area counties, where about 260 pounds of drugs were picked up. The operation targets the Los Cartel's violent affiliates and the Mexican drug cartels. The Juarez Cartel is one of several cartels, operated by people nicknamed "Little Locos" in Mexico. Some of the cartels known as the U.S.-based Juarez Cartel have operations in Mexico, according to the Justice Department. The Mexican drug cartels are separate and separate criminal organizations that are separated from Mexican law enforcement agencies. Some of the drug cartels have a presence on the Mexican-border, however.
JAMAICA PLAIN, Massachusetts (CNN) -- Lucy Valena is hooked on coffee.|||WOOO!OO. So, how do you spend this much money on coffee? To find out, visit coffee.com or download the e-book version of the website at www.coffee.com or start a personal barista in the cafe. ROLL CALL. The program costs a few dollars for the basic coffee or iced coffee options. But it costs about $55 per month to do more, according to Valena, who moved to New Hampshire last year from Chicago to be closer to her family. Starbucks is also opening a Boston store for "the Coffee House Experience," where coffee brands compete with their own brands of coffee. She says the name is because she was a student of the University of Chicago, where she read college library books. That launched her affinity for coffee. HA.C. store is launching when it opens in November for a small group of coffee enthusiasts "who are also big fans of coffee." Enjoy, Ms. Valena. Such are the aims of her new pop-up coffee shop. "I love coffee- and croissants -- they're really good with you. Then, I love coffee- and like you to ask the questions. I read poetry or just facts about coffee," she said. "And a lot of books. I spend a lot of time on the computer. I love it because I can sometimes be distracted by my coffee." While coffee has an individual character, the Coffee House has a universal language -- even if they are different cultures. The coffeepot will have a media team available. In the meantime, be sure to order your cup of coffee through the library. "Taste becomes part of the experience," Valena said. "To use the library as a store is like putting a good home office and yourself in space." The library's new sign for coffee with the words: "Joanna's books."
"As we approach the end of our first year in prison, I cannot help but feel proud and strengthened by all that has been achieved so far," said journalist Peter Greste in a letter from a Cairo jail cell.|||"Instead of coming home," he sent a letter to his family to let them know that he had finished reading his book, which detailed the life of former Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi and his regime of repression. "Don't forget that your freedom is a gift that your family has received."Mursi is currently held in a military prison in Giza, Egypt, accused of involvement in last week's terror attack in which more than 40 people were killed.The blast occurred near a heavily guarded mosque in the Suez Canal city of Damietta, killing three people, but injuring dozens of others, said Hisham Cawaj, head of the information desk in the Ministry of Information and Communications. At least 19 others are still being held. "My question is who will monitor them? Who will make sure that they keep doing this, and what sort of justice will they seek? This is a legitimate investigation," he said. Human rights activists called for an immediate end to Greste's jail term and the right of all political prisoners to obtain a fair trial.
Beirut, Lebanon (CNN) -- Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, considered Hezbollah's first spiritual leader, has died, his office told CNN Sunday.|||Hezbollah, Lebanon's powerful Shiite resistance movement, and reportedly already has appealed to U.S. President Barack Obama for help. Earlier this week, the group took out a full-page ad in the pro-war media with a directive to focus on Syrian and Egyptian Prime Minister Hosni Mubarak. Two Hezbollah rallies were held Saturday in Geneva. Lebanese politicians and rivals from neighboring Egypt also turned out in support of Mubarak and al-Assad's rival in the presidential election. Hezbollah Secretary General Rafie al-Alyi is a major backer of an activist coalition inside the Israeli-occupied West Bank. Israel accuses him of close ties to al Qaeda. Al-Alyi said at the rally that Hezbollah "burns for passports and remains a free society." He called for pressure against al-Assad, but warned that only Israeli Jews who were opposed to al-Alyi's agenda would be permitted to vote. The campaign and death has captured a lot of the attention in the Middle East.
JALOZAI REFUGEE CAMP, Pakistan (CNN) -- It's an exodus on an almost biblical scale. And it has produced a mosaic of plastic and canvas that is now home to more than 93,000 people -- with more arriving each day.|||Jalzai refugee camp is emblazoned with the name of refugee support services coordinator Kamran Ghazi, highlighting the extraordinary generosity of people in the region who made this land a reality. Please enable Javascript to watch this video. Campaigners run the camp using "building blocks" -- mattresses, blankets, clothing, for food and for clean water. They turn trucks into supply routes. It has been a special operation. Despite last month's four-year civil war and the fact that the Russian military is still demanding that refugees continue to leave, even with its full support, Pakistan has turned its back. Wars in Syria and Iraq drove most refugees from their homes during last year's war, and the trek through southern Afghanistan has been a great source of inspiration. In Pakistan it's the exodus of perhaps 1.5 million people trying to escape. On the way to their destination, they sometimes ram a truck full of people carrying food and other supplies. A group of trucks carrying sanitation workers brings mobile showers and medical tents. Soldiers provide free drinking water, ambulance runs, and wait for doctors, patients, and other patients so they can deliver goods faster. The first of many displaced people who came to this camp are approaching their homes in parts of the country that are largely uninhabited. Wherever possible, they want their photos taken before they go on to their new homes. The process of acquiring or procuring items will change over time as things get more complex, but first it has to be what people can see. Plain clothes as everywhere, normal shoes that just happen to be clean and better than they were before, and a sense of simplicity that allows them to travel with ease. And there is, so far, no other way to get to their homes other than by using the tents -- the most basic means for temporary safe haven. They say it makes it easy to know who to talk to, and who to tell. They know that a lot of people have benefited from a sense of generosity that has come from the social services working in the camps. They have received letters from friends and family, including the President of Pakistan himself. They have heard many stories of soldiers doing "exercises of bravery" and "the exchange of word of salvation," and they are grateful to be here with their people. They say they are happy that sometimes, with the military still battling, they can find out the truth.
(CNN) -- One week after Edvard Munch's "The Scream" shattered art auction records, Mark Rothko's "Orange, Red, Yellow" has broken the price ceiling for a work of contemporary art.|||The item came to auction Tuesday by auction house Michael Gallers auction house at auction house Jackson Hall in Indianapolis, Indiana, where it was unveiled at Christie's in an auction. The artist of "Orange, Red, Yellow" worked on the painting around 1757, commissioning it for President John F. Reagan, according to the auction house's website. Rothko won the commission as a gift to the Irish Republican Army under a land claim, according to the auction house. The artwork sold for $1.1 million. The piece is a masterpiece of what may one day become known as the Landscape at Winter Wonderland exhibition. It is the first completed work by Rothko to go up for auction. It was handed down from hand to hand with his mother and only two of his brother's works remained, according to the auction house. See the other art from Hollywood in "Forever Magnified" here. and e-mail to a friend. The price of the painting was broken last week after a portrait of MoMA founder Charlie Chaplin was sold for $350,000 at Christie's auction in New York. The artist was killed, and his home was spared, according to Christie's. "Gentlemen and Famous, With Pictures," by Charles Scribner's Sons and Francis Bacon was recently auctioned at auction at auction house the Buckner Company in Virginia. Not all of the art was sold at auction, though. About 600 pieces of artwork from the works of Sun Ra -- through January 14, 2005 -- are held by art fairs, including at the Landscape at Winter Wonderland exhibition. See a complete list of today's art fairs. Visit all of the ART events in Boston (Click here to access that page) and the accompanying video..
College Park, Maryland (CNN) -- In his hectic, noisy laboratory at the University of Maryland, Michael Pecht is wary when it comes to assessing whether Toyota's suggested repair of sticky gas pedals will have any real impact.|||The "I have never seen an issue like this. Never," Pecht says. The assumption among local farmers and engineers is that any wet or sticky material on the pavement will roll off, causing problems for the plants. Toyota says the sticky material is pulled away by the gas pedal to protect plants from it. But on the ground, Pecht says, he's not so sure. "And I don't know what other remedies would work. They are chemicals. They are kind of hard to find." The plant originated in Japan, Pecht says. The hemp cell, which is tried to keep the pollen and secretions from damaging plants, was caught on a nearby wind turbine. "We first thought that the tree grew to the pedal but it has since snapped off," Pecht says. "It started getting scented and then you had this giant fog going out of the car and it smeared to the hood." By late August, he made the decision to work with Honda to see if it could improve the tapered gas pedal from Japan.
(CNN) -- Fifteen years ago, representatives from every nation came together to voice one common goal: to advance the global status of women in the spirit of equality.|||Women's Summit in the brazilian capital, Sao Paulo, delivered results last week that reaffirmed the promise that the initial pledge of the Women's Summit made 15 years ago. As the world wakes up to the female empowerment promise of the original summit, the 30 first-in-line representatives of almost all 27 nations taking part this year in Sao Paulo set their sights higher, predicting that in a year, the number of women in public office will more than double. One map of the summit showed that 20,000 women attended. The march was the third worldwide women's conference, dating back to 1992. Until the start of the Women's Summit, women only participated in each other's protests or in the way they came together. That changed over time. Women began to think about what the world would really look like with men as leaders and building a population. By the time the first women's summit was held on September 28, 2003, women -- 57,000 men and 58,000 women -- had formed the Global Divisions of Women. A half century later, women voters still see themselves as the ones headed to the polls. The world has been looking for a solution to the challenge: Helping to pass a law that would help women, man and child. High above their children's heads are opinions expressed by female politicians, organizations, civil societies and individuals worldwide and to their fellow citizens. Here are the leaders of the women's sessions around the globe, who work for the top decision-making organizations in their countries and the ways that they contribute to their societies. A year ago, women's rights groups opened the doors to an exciting national gathering of women on a rural road in north Africa, where women gathered along with ordinary people and military men in civil defense teams, answering questions from reporters. During the midst of violent rioting, they decided to speak for themselves and demand that their community do more to empower women -- female politicians, women, men and children alike. A statement released last year by the Women's Summit of the Americas said that it was "very important to realize that the signature of the organization is not about the women of the world but about the women of Brazil." And it was not just the women of Brazil who came together in Sao Paulo for this campaign. Next year, at a women's march in the city, not one man stands at attention, but more than 4,000, held by thousands of women, braving in the face of deadly violence and the power of police guards. Women do work as advocates against state-run businesses and against business ownership and ownership of businesses, taking on tough questions about unequal policies in major cities and domestic affairs. It's not easy to demonstrate that one wants to work for a better future for women. But they're here. Vote anyway. The election results will be verified by next week, but so far it's clear that 82 percent of men and 20 percent of women nationwide support women running for office in Brazil. That's up from 74 percent in 2003 and 79 percent in 2006, and 42 percent in 2010. Some of the major other candidates were women, and some of them have left their party and have contested -- but for very limited periods. They were either reprimanded, barred or did not even run. Then, they won, and the women essentially have every right to remain silent. For the first time in Latin America in more than 50 years, women participated in an election. It's a project that provides a historical and important step forward for women's rights and the international community. Watch experts explain.
(CNN) -- Forget shoot-em-up addicts -- video games are reaching out to the rest of us.|||"The people who played games were adults. They can take anything that comes their way. So what are they doing?" That led to some controversial works by video game designers. The lobby for Hellboy Promiscuion took part in a video game industry summit in New York last week, surrounded by outfits and costumes worn as horses in the exhibit. The designer, Yasushi Diwakar, left, poses with her knife after fighting in a not-so-polite video game in November, which has stirred controversy in India. In one of these works, she paints a picture of what it's like to grow up in the internet age. For instance, she's fought a man who raped her and her parents. Women are dying of cyber-attacks daily. At Stanford University this year, U.S. Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services Janet Reno worked with scholars to teach videos games to mainstream audiences. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, cyber-worlds are seeing some significant trends, including the relatively rapid decline in suicide rates. The data suggests that people are looking to the internet for an escape from depression and stress. And seeing that the Internet is closer to the real world, especially to women, suggests they should start building their cyber-emotional resilience, too. According to researchers at the University of Southern California, the effects of information technology on the people of today are "tumultuous."
(CNN) -- It's at least as welcome as a warm face towel or the ping of the seatbelt sign going off: A beautiful view as you land.|||This is probably a case of capturing the view before it's too late: Gas station, car wash, the parking lot and other locations are filled up, and families frantically search out vehicles to take to the airport. The passengers below have heard almost a lot about the fog at the Florida airport. On Tuesday, as a U.S. Department of Transportation operator opened an emergency navigation lane, passengers were instructed to check their cellphones. Millions of people tweeted about the fog -- but then it turned out most of those tweets had nothing to do with the fog, but with their actual flight path. While some people have tweeted about mist and rain on the plane or even how the plane was transformed into a snow-covered snowball, everyone got the photo of the actual fog -- so much so that a few of the passengers were able to post it on social media without fear. It isn't unusual for plane planes to have mishaps. In April 2014, a German general aviation Boeing 737 "Liberty" suffered three mechanical problems in Chicago. On June 19, 2014, a Boeing 737 "Ruched-Ness" had another mishap when it experienced turbulence after returning from a stop in California. As they started descending to the ground, the plane went through "the most somber, tumbling and weaving" waves, CNN crewman Patrick Knight wrote. A large white body was visible below, it was the first sign of turbulence and passengers began circling the plane, looking for safety. A picture taken with a camera on top of the coach seats showed the jetliner just 36 degrees off the ground with 50 percent humidity and 1.6 feet of snow. From the water, the turbulence faded. It was described as "an unprecedented experience. . . . but no one would have predicted that," Knight wrote. "There were passengers as nervous as I was, considering the turbulence just below us." Soon they were at the bottom, the 737 came to a graceful halt, merged with the tumbling storm, and took off through the sky, wheeling over the crow's nest and into Arizona. Wednesday's photo is of the plane at a stretch of the La Mesa-Dallas-Fort Worth-Phoenix International Airport. "My absolute favorite photo today was taken from my coach at about 10:15 am," Knight wrote. "I've been trying to see Mt. Garfield in Arizona for weeks as my husband and I have been trying to get a houseboat." "Coming back home and seeing that picture is the best part, no matter what has happened or happened to your car. I'd say that person does their job very, very well in any situation." Until, of course, you try to collect more stats to pick out the fog or if you've seen others it's called 'wiper weather' that brings the whole experience to a sudden stop. It blends from cloud pattern to cloud pattern, with views that may be dim but a particular color called 'fog' probably in the sky. You might recognize those images if they've been taken hundreds of miles away. The next flight out from Atlanta was also not as bad. Just 3½ hours later, a French aeroplane took off and arrived about halfway down the Atlantic. It took the same trajectory as the plane. A foggy sunrise in Atlanta reminded the passenger on U.S. Airways about its purpose. "Swing down to Georgia, see where I'm from! I love Georgia, and they are right at my path," she wrote. "Sighting the Georgia plate while heading south is also fun." The view from the air appears to be good -- until you realize how much fog it is. A solid 40-mile view of the Metro Atlanta area (named Skycam) is below. See the Rocky Mountains, with the mountain tops to your west. "Wow," I think. "I can't believe I'm awake!" The sweat is fast-running. After you land. There's a 40-mile run up to Tucson, you look up at the Superdome, the grand canyon of North Park and the tumbling pine trees.
(CNN) -- Apple on Wednesday said it would cut the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display while simultaneously updating it with faster processors.|||According to recent rumors from an Apple spokesman, Mac computers will come up for sale starting this month, with most of those coming in the form of the 32- and 64-bit versions of the MacBook Pro. Apple is bringing the 17th-generation MacBook Pro -- the highest-resolution version yet -- to market starting at $1,579, compared with $1,599 for the original MacBook Pro, according to this report from MacRumors.com. The current MacBook Pro, which came out April 3, now comes with a Retina display and a 2012-based processor, the J.K. Millward-Perez said. A new processor, iDevices 2K U265, will replace the iDevices 2K, and this new processor will be able to bring down the price by $750, Apple said. According to a MacRumors report published Tuesday, Apple also plans to drop the price of the 32-and 64-bit MacBook Pro to $1,599 from $2,199. The MacBook Pro comes with the iDevices 2K and newer processors at no additional charge, the report said. The new MacBook Pro with Retina Display could cost $1,179, according to the report.
(EW.com) -- Two weeks ago, EW premiered the trailer for Nickelodeon's reboot of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series, and now we've got some more exclusive information for you: The children's cable network will premiere the show on Saturday, Sept. 29 at 11 a.m. in a one-hour special event. Nickelodeon will officially announce the premiere date on the network on Saturday.|||Early Day 1 of Season 6. There's more on the website!
(CNN) -- It did not happen when the top job opened up at the International Monetary Fund: Christine Lagarde of France won out over candidates such as Mexico's Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens, who put up a good fight.|||The White House was expected to select someone from among the heads of states and agencies attending to Asian issues on Monday. But, it didn't happen. Seven leaders of the world's major finance ministries and agencies declined to attend to Asian issues ahead of today's commencement of the International Monetary Fund Annual Meeting, reported Time. "No business is more important than the country's well-being," said U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Monday. Incumbent Christine Lagarde, with France, also declined to participate. A number of others were expected to do so. Carstens "has always regarded his positions with great distinction," Geithner told Time. "He is well regarded as somebody who he chose based on his record and personal credibility and we think that is good. "Every word that he said was credible." "The expectations that he had to be supported by the members of that group, the members of the board -- whether it was other central banks in other countries, a fiscal secretary from the International Monetary Fund, or the cabinet, or the human rights commissioner," Greenstein said of the first hour of the hearing.
Like nearly everything else Clinton-related this week, Hillary Clinton's convention speech remained a question mark until the last minute.|||Hillary has put together a lengthy campaign speech for Monday's Idaho Republican National Convention. That's if she's ready to give one. Election officials have been scrambling to get the speech ready since the Friday news that Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Joe Biden would no longer be attending the event, as he was announced last month as his replacement. "It's been an experience of a lifetime," Biden told CNN on Sunday, praising Clinton's focus on foreign policy and the importance of the Middle East in American foreign policy. "I'm grateful for the opportunity and honored to be there." Pre-clearance for Clinton's speech was by far the worst-kept secret this week. About 100 delegates in Honolulu are registered to attend the convention. Polls suggest a record number of people will cast their votes for her. A delegate indicated he would not vote. At the convention, delegates take home the awards they receive when they leave the gates. The next two days bring the main convention speeches and the winners of that year's GOP National Convention. Other scheduled speakers include Vice President Joe Biden, John McCain and speaking host Jim Lehrer. The weekend's CNN election night broadcast included only one candidate who didn't make the top five: Meghan McCain. Back to the main event. Nationally, Clinton is also scheduled to appear with President Obama at the convention next month, at which he will deliver remarks about prescription drugs and regulation of food and energy. Clinton's speech will take place Tuesday after Delegate Anita Bryant spoke at the official launch for the Vice President's wife, Alicia Machado. The Clinton campaign released the transcript of her speech later on Sunday. While it was clear that Clinton was keeping her remarks to the end of the convention to be her own, party officials were left waiting for "Clinton time." Many wondered what she would say. Clinton's chief of staff said he hoped she would take the stage at the beginning of her speech. "We've been looking forward to this, and we've been waiting to see where it takes us as the state goes forward," John Podesta, Clinton's chief of staff, told CNN Saturday. Earlier in the summer, CNN reported that Clinton could be the first woman president to bring forward legislation to consider expanding Medicare for all. Meanwhile, Clinton campaign chairman Bill Kristol is traveling across the United States next week.
LONDON, England (CNN)  -- A wicked opportunity is brewing at Wookey Hole Caves in western England.|||Co Man's past led to home. In an online studio shot, caves could emerge from the ground. Unfortunately, miner's best hope for the situation at Wookey Hole Caves is the 500-year-old Lohane station, one of the darkest and darkest UK caves. If no rain, snow and ice can make a pitch, then beautiful small-scale settlements can be invented to fill it. Caves were originally discovered in 1633 and become the site of the first permanent miners' works. The 'dark coal' ruined by the coalminers' below-ground exploitation is believed to have left only 3,000 permanent rocks at Wookey Hole Caves. Three tradesmen - builders, health and safety trainers and skilled care workers - are trying to re-create the place like a great masters of chess and match-balm match. Accompanying them is caterer Alfred Duckerman's massive training for search teams, dog walkers, exploration dogs and even a poodle, a rescue dog. They lead the 24-hour guided site call: 800/246-1908 to meet in the bush for only four hours. There's nothing like falling through the layers of sand for a 21-minute trek across a sparsely defended patch of rock.  If the last steps are not taken, some of the structure will be thinned with the perfect balance of destruction and preservation. One exploration set-up has already been successful and a large banked base can accommodate a team as well as one craft employed to follow conservation preservation steps. CLARENCE WELLS  What is he dreaming of? "A spectacular long-term panoramic view of this area, without machinery or extraction methods. "I would like to mine some of the more exposed areas in the area and then explore how the tunnelled patterns function. If this is possible, the underground shelter will be nearly covered with rock." The team is seeking to drill a 60-yard-deep underground trench about once a week for 10 seconds, snaking through prehistoric rocks, timber and timber buried in the back of a hillside. Too hot to go into at first? Too wet? In recent years, increasingly, the site has attracted interest as an alternative habitat for the more inhospitable caves. Daily rains cause a boiling mist that pulls large volcanic rocks upward. Dozens of clay tablets were dumped, some five feet deep, and pitted into the side of the cave in July and August. There's more great things than simple tidbits found in caves, including species of sunfish, spider, cave scorpion and other moray eels. Some six spider species can be seen throughout the cave, and the tunnels are only one of many known to have long passages or side passages that are used for spiders. There's also a superb headland, which is home to a series of escalators and lifts.  The room is underlain by the remains of stone buildings and a century-old mound of late-Liddiardite masonry. Exhausted by erosion, it is likely that long-lost medieval buildings lay buried over the hillside.  There's plenty to do, in fact, not just to climb up and look at rocks, and in keeping with English tradition, there's a toilet even better than the loo. The keg in the western entrance of the cave can be seen and enjoyed by many. . The last time I stood in a hole in the middle was in 1996 after falling into it.  
(CNN) -- Mark David Chapman, the man convicted of killing former Beatle John Lennon, has been denied parole for a seventh time, according to the New York Department of Corrections.|||John Lennon, left, was shot six times in December 1980 while walking on the streets of Liverpool. The killing of the Beatles star set off a worldwide manhunt for the people responsible for her death. Chapman was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to a life sentence without parole in January 1980. A parole board in November 2007 upheld a lower parole board's decision that Chapman be released after nine years. Last October, a commutation -- the rarest kind of parole -- was denied. Monday's parole panel decision echoed the state Supreme Court ruling in March that he would get lenient parole terms, arguing that he would need no record of recidivory if he returned to the United States. Chapman's parole board heard from different legal experts on the case -- former State Supreme Court Justice Lisa Zimbalist from Boston and Philadelphia, Philadelphia State Supreme Court Justice Martin Robertson, and forensic psychiatrist John Yossarian from Syracuse. Chapman has called the decision "disgraceful" and said: "They (the United States) basically are effectively saying you're going to shoot me at my own personal expense." In his statement, Chapman said he has read "any number of versions" of his biography and, "can't fully understand how the English courts could erode or increase Mr. Lennon's estate's respect of Mr. Lennon's brand." Lennon's handwritten note to then-wife Yoko Ono reads: "She will get what she deserves. Never forget what she did to you." Lennon's mugshot in 1980, showing only one armed arm, appears to be two fingers in the air. He also wrote two chapters on three pages of handwritten notes: "People say I just died, but I just died." In the March 1987 photo, the Associated Press says the magenta shirt on Lennon's left upper arm shows an egg cut. On April 12, 1980, police found him lying in front of a molotov cocktail pill jar in his bedroom. Lennon had been shot five days earlier during a break in his long feud with Ozzy Osbourne, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the shooting. Lennon lived with mother, and other family members in New York City until her death.
London (CNN) -- Pakistani girls' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai, who has found international fame since being shot by Taliban militants last year, met with another icon Friday: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II.|||A dark-haired student who founded the anti-bullying charity Lady Margaret School for girls after becoming a child -- which celebrated World Day of Action for Girls last year -- met with Britain's Queen Elizabeth II. The monarch, who personally turned a 43-year-old scholar into an activist, went into more detail about her role in the fight for education, a major issue in her country, while in London to examine the actions she had taken for girls' rights. The Queen examined Yousafzai, one of the few female Prime Minister's of the Pakistani parliament who sat with her at Buckingham Palace Friday. "After weeks of campaigning and in many areas of public life -- political, social, cultural and educational -- I am delighted and thrilled that you have been able to join me this afternoon and on this special day we are looking forward to meeting your classmates and winning your confidence," the monarch said in a letter to the teenager. The monarch also praised her for what she described as her "virtue and ability" and suggested that she use "both her great name and her great stature for the good of education." The 51-year-old Yousafzai examines a stethoscope as she talks with the prince and their wives. The UK government is familiar with her life after the attack on her father. In 2001, she led protests across the UK in support of the country's right to vote. She is also a trustee of the governor-general's office, which helps oversee government spending. She is a particularly warm former pupil of Alexandra Bannister, Britain's former social secretary and now a friend of Yousafzai's. More photojournalists: Ambassadors go in search of rare talent. From left: British royal student at school to advocate for girls education. Also seen: Palestinian activist after attack. More photos: A shocked teacher at school. Also shown: Patrolling a town with fellow young people. After learning about the importance of education for girls, President U.S. President Barack Obama vowed that the United States will increase its support. "This is a historic moment for us," Obama said Friday. Yousafzai spent time in her native Pakistan in May, where she met with leaders of the country's education movement. She has become a national hero and is a kind of feminist cheerleader, with the constant comments of a child who has seen the dark side of the global struggle for girls' rights to know equal rights. "My wish is for all girls everywhere to have a bright future and for me to be able to help my fellow students and those who are in my charge to reach out to girls who are in need of education."
(CNN) -- They were fathers and daughters, tycoons and spiritualists, Westerners and Asians, who were in Mumbai for different reasons. But they met the same fate in the indiscriminate path of gunfire and explosions in a string of terror attacks across the Indian city this week.|||Indian security officials stormed three locations in Mumbai -- two residential locations and a bomb factory -- on Wednesday morning after several attacks claimed a total of 130 lives, India's prime minister said Thursday. "A fanatic Muslim fanatic pushed through a 17-story building, targeting a march of Indian citizens," Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said at a press conference. Eighteen people died, including the man who was the driver and 11 others who were still injured. Police suspect five people took shelter in the building on Wednesday morning, where they were fatally shot. Hours later, a 26-year-old woman wearing a headscarf attempted to flee. The woman was shot dead. Attackers planned to kill -- three with lives in danger -- women working at a roadside roadside bomb site on Wednesday, police said. They were targeted because they did not work with a vehicle, the police said. Now, they say, the men plan to carry out more attacks. It is unclear whether they have cells or were planning to call a fresh attack. Police arrested 11 men from outside residential complexes in raids on Thursday. None of the 12 arrested had actual connection to the attacks, the police chief Abhay Bhatia said. Another suspect, Adil Shashi, was arrested in the same area, and 13 others, nine of them minors, have also been arrested. The police chief described them as "terrorists," while a Hindu from southwestern India's Jammu and Kashmir state told CNN that he "bears no connection with the crimes he (Taseer) carried out, or his brother the attacks on the judiciary." The other six are prisoners of the various terror attacks who were also taken into custody during police raids. Two to a row have killed at least eight people. Wazir Shah, 25, was killed in the blast and an enterprising prime ministerial adviser for public security said Tuesday that the group claimed responsibility, while two other police officers were also injured. Telcor's chief executive, Jitendra Singh, and fellow tycoons and entrepreneurs were at work at the number-one building of the Indian Communications Association when an employee was shot and killed. Ranged by the government-sponsored Mumbai branch of Lashkar-e-Toiba, the Mumbai branch's chief, Shani Radhakrishnan, said that the cell "wanted to kill the entire organization which was really considered a terrorist institution.". Explaining the motive behind the Mumbai spree He claimed that the group was involved with militants in the southern city of Gujarat. "We believe that the reason why we targeted these organizations is because they are supporting the operations of these terrorists and have been investigating our security forces," Radhakrishnan said. Religious fanatic attacks. What does he mean by that? The Pakistani-born attacker, Ahmed Urdu Rajput alias Abu Duz, was the driver who carried out Wednesday's attack. His only motive was to kill and torture Muslim men. Shah denied killing anyone and was instead critical of the way in which police had been moving, police officer Abbas Morey told CNN. "Of course you can't kill anybody, they have nothing to fear from you ... But they are responsible for murdering 20,000 people because they are Muslims." Resurrected violence. The violence followed a flurry of a series of attacks on visitors from Saudi Arabia, allegedly targeting pilgrims who were interested in religious practices. On Monday, three priests, believed to be pilgrims from a pilgrimage group, were gunned down outside the Kotwal Hindu Women's College. Rahul Bhandari is the guest of honor at Fatwa Sahib Annual General Conference. Sunday Masjid: Kashmir protests. Video shows injured pilgrim falling from a plane. CNN's Devidil Govind and Nina Herar contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Chad Dickerson's shoulder bag is made out of an old bomber jacket, sewn together by a craftsman in Germany. Out of it he pulls a few of his favorite things - a linen laptop case, and a travel document holder made from Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line" album cover.|||One shoulder bag, Matt Dickerson says, was sewed together from scraps over a period of six months. Out of it he pulls a few of his favorite things - a linen pad, an electric iris ID reader, his favorite wallet, a travel document holder made from Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line" album cover. "It's fascinating and eye-opening how the process can be just so simple," he said. Dickerson, 40, landed a ride from the Colombian border town of Los Angeles on Wednesday to Belgium where the original Black Watch bomber jacket was made -- originally by a traveling style jacket maker out of a yard sale. Modern process of repairing an "Old West" jacket became one of his favorite pastimes. As he negotiated the time to move from one city to another, he took out an old folding chair, which he left on the curb. Sitting on top of that, he found a coaster from a London radio show, which he returned to. That helped the jacket and tie it up. Dickerson decided not to take a photograph of the bag because it can be too tempting. "I wanted this to be as easily seen as possible, but I also wanted to put a price on it," Dickerson said. "Because when you open it, it's a great sense of freedom. Because you go, it hits you that this is a nice thing and it's a good feeling and I just don't want to throw it away."
(CNN) -- I have so few images of myself as a baby that 30 years ago, when I first picked up a camera, I never could have imagined that my imagery of other babies would resonate around the world.|||This photograph brought three baby girls to life in 2012, amid a theme of protest. The documentary "The Carrying End" harnesses a beautiful technique of baby photography to break stereotypes about skin color, leave things as they are, often generated via protest signs, and a color scheme -- so flatter than our own. It works. When the color change happens, in different countries the child just melts into the background -- a blanket that forms a small, cheerful blur. One protester stopped and held a sign: "This is my son, Adan. You're the reason I'm standing out here. I'm his mother." The message is powerful. And time and time again, when people read the story of Adan, no one can object to it because they have seen his pure, delicate features. Adal's inspiration shines through -- his picture on Pink Paper Puppies brings beauty to the small, light pink bones that in many women's breasts. But many may not realize that Adan's voice is beautiful -- and breaking even when just a human being is equally beautiful. Every time Adan's picture disappears, someone shares it. And there is a world where he and Adal go unclaimed, grieving over their loss, haunted by incomplete versions of their lives. He is not alone. He has inspired countless others through his conviction. Adan's photographs set the tone for a year's worth of celebration of Adan's life, his sweetheart, Ritu Marquez, who is about to be married in Nigeria to his live-in caretaker. Adan is incredibly powerful, but he is also a reminder of those lives that may not be as bright or vibrant as his photographs would have been had Adal stayed inside. Perhaps a reflection of their journey is that the article never made its way to Twitter -- the platforms where the tide is changing, to the mobile phones of the future -- as opposed to being buried in husks. But there are other advantages to the legacy of Adal's photographs -- a reminder of the freedom that he set out to provide, hope that all dreams and fantasies are possible, and a way that we can continue growing together. I hope Adal will carry through. And if he stays to the end, as he always has, it will be love and connection with the dear children who have come before us in so many lives, so that they will remain in our hearts, so that their values and memories may live on forever. Adal’s three love stories will continue to grow and expand, allowing us to continue advancing. Adal's photos and touches are being shared widely and shared across different social media and Facebook pages. Without Adal, we could not bring Adal's story to the people of the world. Words can have only a limited impact on the context in which we see them. Because of his positive message of forgiveness and compassion for the heartbroken, Adal is living proof that there are still those who can see beyond the brutality of war and oppression to see the liberation of lives as well as aspirations and aspirations. The more faces we see that are sad and vulnerable and lift us up to become more liberated, the better we are all capable of living our own dreams of happiness. On Adal's Instagram page, Adal's images reflect the honesty of his wife, his family, his community and his culture, and are posted with love and optimism expressed about Adal and his family's lives. As their own shared photos emerge from the web pages of the university, they communicate both the strength of love and resilience of the man they love and the resilience of their family, so we know that his words have a future.
(CNN) -- Torrential rainfall unleashed flooding and spawned a rare tornado warning in California on Tuesday as a series of storms moved through, with more expected Wednesday and Thursday.|||Throughout the morning, heavy rainfall and thunderstorms rolled through California, leaving areas from the central coast to the Pacific Coast flooded and some areas in California on the north and East coast reporting tornadoes, heavy snow and saturated ground. At 1 p.m., E-Tornado Watch reported 11 tornado hits on Tuesday, with one storm leaving a strand, according to the warning posted on the internet. The total was two, as were 14 twisters that struck two counties. Many tornadoes were "confirmed or possible in California," the watch noted. While many people report electricity outages, schools are open, the NWS said. Rain and a lightning strike are blamed for widespread damages caused by heavy rain in recent weeks in northeast and southwest Texas, the officials said. Thunderstorms combined with heavy rain over the last week has forced the state to close roads to mountains and valleys along the Central Plains and the East Coast, said David Kirby, a National Weather Service weather forecaster for northern California. "Forecasters expect saturated ground to wash out streets and to wash out the banks of already saturated rivers," he said. "Flooding is a concern." Utility companies are reporting "alarming power outages" following the rain. Electricity users must stay off their lines until the area is deemed safe. Both trees and power lines were down in the areas of flash flooding. The National Fire Protection Association said storms left trees down as they tried to catch water. The swollen rains also caused blazes in the Berkeley Creek drainage in Northern California, although no fires had been reported as of Monday afternoon, the AP reported.
(CNN) -- The taxi rocked to the pounding sounds of French rap music.|||In France, it's not as if rape is a rape prevention program -- it's just like when you learn that there's also a rap app that breaks rap music into different, fun, hip hop styles and that you can use those genres to pick up some gangster and gangsta rap music as well. In a crime in southern France, rap music caught up with women they believed to be demure and unprotected as they were walking down the street. "French music is 20% funny, 20% terrible." As the child was held for so long, the woman accused of rape confessed to silence. But Rap music, she said, broke both languages. "No character. Rap music is -- it changed women's relationships. Rap music broke up rap music and change your relationship with the culture." Banger style lyrics punctured the French language rap music as well, as the vehicle sped down the Tébarch Boulevard and drivers pounded on the horn, propping up the singer's hips to give him the best shot at delivering his dope hit. I was a kid and would find out it was roger. A rapper showed up at the home of my friend's daughter to steal some of her stuff, only to have the thing stolen. In a wild and violent scuffle, the men in the cars and trucks surrounded the cafe, trying to install boom-bangers and pro-loogie stickers. The driver was thrown in jail and released on the same night after a lengthy house-sitting trial. The man who brought the bomb also was charged with attempted murder and attempted rape, according to local police. A French judge acquitted him in November, saying that the defendant was unarmed. "It was a difficult case to determine," he said at the time. "In France, rape is something that has been dealt with with culture. Rap music broke up Rap culture."  In the end, as a rule, "Nobody likes Biggie," said rap star Mobb Deep in a recent interview. "Everybody knows him now. Biggie's a fast track singer and every woman knows him."
(CNN)  -- Sudan on Tuesday signed a framework peace accord with rebels from the nation's volatile Darfur region, state media reported.|||K. The rebel government rejected all demands for dialogue and military leadership to end the conflict and to declare a cease-fire within 14 days, state media reported. Sudan allows only two sides to head the peace process, and their opposition parties must pay $8 million for every member of the opposing side to have a hand in any accord. More than 800,000 members of Sudanese armed forces are deployed in Darfur and are working toward a cease-fire, whose implementation could take years. Sudan's leaders faced intense pressure from the rebels over the area's disputed pipeline, as well as a vicious inter militia war. During the ongoing peace process, the governing party was accused by the opposition of meddling in the affairs of the government and a large number of the armed forces units were decimated. In an attempt to reform the country's constitution, the president issued a declaration to implement a peaceful referendum to pave the way for independence. The president said the referendum would take place on May 20. Ibrahim Kathir, Sudan's interior minister, called on Khartoum to support the new government. Sudan's Deputy Prime Minister Omar Hassan Beshir and former Prime Minister Omar Suwan Dan Ali, one of the main leaders of the rebellion, said the parties should not be blamed for siding with militants who are attacking key government offices in Khartoum, threatening civilians and crossing the River Nile. The truce has been touted by diplomats as a symbolic move, saying it will finally bring peace to the region. The United Nations is stationed in Sudan and Egypt have already signed an agreement with the insurgents, according to the state-run ENEA news agency. CNN's Raphael Lennox contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- World number two Novak Djokovic extended his winning run in 2011 to 27 matches with a 7-6 6-2 win over Spain's Feliciano Lopez to win the Serbia Open in Belgrade Sunday.|||Dokovic in his own words: "If all (people) say I am winning and I'm having this same feeling they want, then I'd like to be consistent throughout the whole of 2011. I just had a really good tournament and won a lot of matches. "It's been amazing, it's nice. I just want to be battling all the time for a chance to be in the semifinals, to not be thinking about missing some, getting bigger problems, things of that nature." Djokovic, who is seventh on the ATP's list, has won 15 of his last 16 matches. He beat Adrian Mannarino to move to 10-0 in first rounds of the top-10 and will now face William Evans and David Ferrer in the semifinals on Friday. Evans beat Berdych 6-4 6-2 in the semi-final on Sunday, Ferrer won 6-2 6-0 against seventh seed Tomas Berdych. After their quarterfinal meeting Sunday, Ferrer won the Russian Open in September, beating Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 6-2 and Davis Cup teammate Davis Cup star in the final on the same day. The top-seeded players will meet in the final Sunday at the same time for the first of their two grand slam tournaments of the season.
(RS.com) -- Neil Young has filed for divorce from Pegi Young, his wife of 36 years and frequent musical collaborator.|||Neil Young says Pegi Young has filed for divorce from him. The iconic 80-year-old star, a James Bond and Royal Blood star, announced the news on his website. In a statement released Sunday, the digital music superstar said: "She has decided to ask my permission to dissolve our four-decade marriage by the mutual consent of our two children." The head of Tomorrowland Inc., the father of the iconic NeverEnding Story stars Ziggy Marley and Brad Paisley, cancelled their February wedding.
(CNN) -- With the third season of "Games of Thrones" under way on HBO, series star Kit Harington opens up to Glamour magazine about what to expect from his character, Jon Snow.|||Jon Snow, who holds some magical powers as a high-ranking government official, lives in a fantasy world on a southern farm in Georgia. The secretive character's new home now will also test Jon Snow's ability to fight. According to fantasy fans, he'll be battling for a place on the Iron Throne where dragons could emerge from the dragonskin shields and battle to the death. Harington is hoping to debut his role as the show's courtly dad, Peter Dinklage, at Season 4's close later this year, he said. "And it's so fun to wonder what will happen for Peter when he's just a little kid. And, I think there is a pretty amazing dragon." "I'm really excited to get to that fantasy world," Harington added. See the full interview at Glamour.com. More on 'Game of Thrones': 'Morny Jane' to be crucial to show's depiction of war and heroism. HBO spring 2011 season. The second episode of the new season, "Morny Jane," airs October 26.  Watch a sneak peek at the episode ».
(CNN) -- California Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor ruled Thursday that two autopsy photos of Michael Jackson can be submitted as evidence during the upcoming trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, a person inside the courtroom told CNN.|||The California Superior Court judge ruled in favor of the motion. "I'm very pleased with the outcome," said Brady Stribling, one of seven jury members scheduled to watch the trial in Sacramento, California. The ruling raises questions about the proper use of state victim's rights law. Stribling told CNN she didn't know whether the judge would allow the photo-review before the trial begins. "I am hoping that he will," Stribling told CNN. "If he allows it, that will be good enough to me." Murray has pleaded not guilty to the charge of involuntary manslaughter in the death of a young boy. Prosecutor Ann Clifton asked Judge Pastor not to accept the pictures. Murray and Crumley accused each other of an abusive relationship. Crumley testified last week that Murray caused Jackson's death by harassing her and trying to gain access to Jackson's medical records for sales. According to authorities, Murray showed Crumley photos of Jackson's autopsy, a crime he called a "physical felony." "When, as a physician, you think you have to lie on a sheet?" Clifton told the panel. "And you could easily lie and take these autopsies away. It's frankly absurd and horrible." Jackson's agent, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, asked the judge whether they would let the photos be released to show people when they're pleas are made. "You just can't allow that," Pastor responded to Murray, according to a source who was at the courtroom. Murray is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday. Rolling with the beat of a hammer at the court this week: Looking back on Jackson's death, what's it like to be 'that human' to so many after a tragic death. How Jackson's death broke James Watson's heart. How black Jesus continues to hold the heart of some after his death. And how powerful can the media be today? How potent and iconic can Rihanna be. What five of the world's most well-known killers are they? -- "Justice delayed, justice denied," wrote Christie Eileen. A witness who says she was raised in the New York family of Dr. Eileen Eileen Sutton, knew Susan, who was the twin sister of the young girl who gave birth to the twin. "Susan is a kind and loving mother who thought of Joanie for more than 40 years. A kind and wonderful woman. I'm so sorry for this loss, Susan." Susan and Joanie were a new addition to the mother-daughter relationship when their mother died. Eileen and Susan Sutton couldn't bring their twins to California at first, but their twin sister headed for California later that year. The school took them away from their mom, and they wanted to visit San Francisco at the time. She said she didn't know from the time they came that the mother sent out an apology to the twins. "My daughter was too young to know what had happened to her and her sister," Susan Sutton said to her sister. "We were so confused. We went back home from California to try to find answers in the middle of nowhere. We also left behind the son." Murray's lawyer Terry Castillo, a former lawyer for Michael Jackson's father, had argued that some circumstantial evidence at the autopsy could not be thrown out. But Pastor ruled that the photos should be allowed, the source said. But Hall added that prosecutors "just can't afford to fight it." Judge asymptotically barred medical experts from submitting private autopsy photos after 20 years. Judge, Supreme Court of California Judge Michael Pastor ruled Thursday that two autopsy photos of Michael Jackson can be submitted as evidence during the upcoming trial of Dr. Conrad Murray. (CNN)
It's a tied race between two unpopular men.|||It's never been closer for anyone to a bit of a sense of home, but Harrison House in Riverside, California, has become a battleground ahead of the recall elections on July 27. Every seat that's up for grabs in the election will have a different face. Republican Gov. John Bel Edwards has become the most unpopular, losing both the governorship and his own seat. Democrat, Elaine Ivie, who is running against Edwards, is gaining traction. Former three-term Democratic senator Steve Wozniak, who is up for reelection next week, trails by two points in the most recent polls. And a new Republican, Sam Masothra, has become a serious challenger to Josh Alipayan, who is running unopposed in a bid to become a senator.It's a tied race between two unpopular men.
(CNN) -- Marcel Hirscher continued his red-hot streak with a stunning victory at the Moscow parallel slalom Tuesday.|||H/TWC Middle East / Strategy First of five runs at the Sochi Olympic Oval. Can Hirscher add to the bronze medal he won last week in nearby Garmisch-Partenkirchen? Team Austria's Hirscher made history on Tuesday with the first professional downhill of his career at the famous St. Anton Group ski hill. A little later, he looked to have matched the superb performance of defending champion Mike Schneider at Munich's famous World Cup downhill while Gary Bruning of the American Invitational Ski Club -- who is in the Russian capital -- snatched the silver. Team performance. Meanwhile in the Pyeongchang Winter Games, his teammate Brady Huston led the way into second in the downhill, after all, as he came into the final group from a crushingly close second position at St. Anton Gilles on Saturday. Hirscher clinched the top spot in Saturday's overall standings by winning a new course record by just two tenths of a second, keeping him in front of China's Li Hongkun, who was second. The speed lapped the course in one lap in a combined after a strong run of practice and runs. No senior skier has won the medal for the Grand Prix style of downhill in the Winter Games since Ingemar Stenmark in 1968. That held true Tuesday. If this was a thrilling downhill event, Hirscher would have to beat his Olympic teammate Schweigern in his usual downhill. The Frenchman, who dominated the two prior events, was eventually sixth and finished 12th overall.
(CNN) -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he would step aside as the head of football's global governing body in 2015, if he wins the June 1 presidential ballot.|||Blatter made the announcement in a letter to a member of the FIFA Executive Committee in Moscow, who has suggested he is in his second bid to become the next president of FIFA. After four years in Qatar as president, Blatter announced he was seeking to leave the position after the July presidential vote, but can stay on until August. The 67-year-old former footballer and Real Madrid and Barcelona star gave no indications of what would happen if he were to lose. But in the first round of the tournament for nominations to decide whether his candidacy is formal or unofficial, Blatter -- who withdrew from the vote last year after suffering a painful collapse at the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup -- "came out of the closet and told journalists to expect me to go ... that is the decision that I am taking," he told reporters. "I am thinking on whether to keep my commitment and enjoy the experience of the presidency." Blatter has been serving as FIFA president since 1998 after holding the post for a full decade. The 54-year-old presidential contender's International Football Association Board membership, which has gone over 40 years, is administered by the International Federation of National Federations. FIFA surveys its membership for candidature each year, but Blatter's outspoken statements have missed the mark.
The man accused of opening fire at a Seattle college had a fascination with school shootings, telling investigators he had once visited Columbine High School, a police source told CNN affiliate KIRO on Friday.|||The FBI is looking into drug use, a counter-narcotics agent has said. He is related to Muslim extremist Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who is accused of killing his cousin Tamerlan Tsarnaev at a Wheaton, Illinois, pharmacy last week. The same person killed at least one U.S. Army veteran last week at a hands-only nature school. The Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, attack stunned the nation. Some experts told CNN they've never seen such a massive massacre. Federal authorities have tied the attack to the use of a shotgun and accidental shot through an office window. The suspect is charged with 15 federal counts and two state charges. A federal agent declined to speak to CNN on condition of anonymity, saying it was still an active investigation. His alleged motives are unclear. Federal authorities discovered the suspect on Thursday, according to a news release. They accuse him of allegedly tearing up his computer at a Providence College campus building to prepare to open fire, and also stealing from the campus bookstore to buy a handgun and ammunition that he later put into his car. According to a law enforcement source, when a representative from a teaching company showed them the gunman's paperwork, he told them that there was no pretense whatsoever that the man was planning to conceal a firearm. The suspect apparently dropped his gun and left the school. Police have searched numerous vehicles and search zones and are still on the search for the suspect, authorities said.
ISIS militants are fighting Iraqi military and tribal forces close to the main government complex of Anbar province in the center of Ramadi, according to a local official there.|||According to Nuri Shiab Al-Khalidi, a leader of the Free and Popular Forces of Ramadi province, a "terrorist group" was pursuing the forces. He said that a large number of jihadists had infiltrated the province from the north, where they are posing a threat from a jihadist group inside the Sunni al-Qa'ida mosque, Sunni militant group that has driven out a group of similar names. According to an FPA member in the village of Mousul, there was fighting in three areas: a mortar launch, a rocket attack and a fighting. Rawat Mohsen, a member of the Associated Press delegation in Ramadi, said the militants were using an area the village's militant wing had control over. He said: "ISIS is targeting villages near where the military base of the chief of staff is located," and the fighters have arrived on foot. Haider Mansour Mansour told CNN affiliate al-Hawa in an interview from Anbar that the U.S.-led coalition is currently trying to reach the militants. U.S. officials, however, said the estimate of casualties was without proof. The militants had originally been fighting the Shia militant group, Hajji Masoud Hosein, who wants to reform al-Qa'ida, according to Hamid Mohsen, the commander of the military council in Ramadi. An eye witness said clashes between the militants and the Iraqi military started earlier this month, causing dozens of deaths in Iraq. The governor of Anbar, Omar al-Hosni, had identified some of the casualties, as Nouri al-Hussein, spokesman for the Joint Military Council, and the provincial commander for the Anbar Armed Forces, Asad al-Gani. Iraqi forces are a mainstay of Iraqi security forces. Iraqi army forces recently retook the city of Tikrit from al-Nusra Front extremists and inflicted heavy casualties on the militant group, which has held it since 2006.
(CNN) -- Earlier this week, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, agreed to a deal to fund the government past this November's elections. The deal leaves working out a budget up to the next Congress and provides funding for the federal government through March 2013, well beyond the presidential inauguration in January.|||Reid and Boehner also agreed to fund the government past the September 30 budget deadline that is "emphasized in the negotiations," according to a joint statement released by both parties. The deal leaves working out a budget up to the next Congress and provides funding for the federal government through March 2013, well beyond the presidential inauguration in January.   The Senate passed the spending bill and the House passed a budget that includes $1.3 trillion for this fiscal year -- the largest ever for the government. The last Democratic president, George W. Bush, signed a 2008 agreement with the Obama administration that included a 2013 spending measure that addressed, among other things, a payroll tax increase.  The budgets move to action came out of an October 6 spending review session of the House. Democrats were in session because of the previous session's debt ceiling debate, but Republican members of Congress continued to hold votes during the session. The House passed a budget that could start up a government shutdown, but Republican leaders pulled back to allow more time for negotiations. "I like to call this a balanced approach," Reid said. In addition, Reid said the bill will not require the National Parks Service to reauthorize its property to increase funding. The deal clears the way for Congress to reach agreement on spending cuts over the next three months, which would include the elimination of many tax credits for people to offset payroll taxes paid up to this year, as well as the unemployment rate that remains at 27%. In October, President Obama signed a new spending plan that would fund the government into March 2013, with less spending than Bush's earlier attempt at a budget agreement.    In return for the deal, Boehner said he would work on how to "ensure that we get the appropriate level of safety net funding" to ensure financial stability and a budget that doesn't compromise the economy in the future. Obama called on Congress to take up immigration in the debate over the budget, with the most controversial proposed solution to being the passage of an immigration bill that would put pressure on the country's citizens by increasing immigration. The bill, known as a "clean H1B" program, would direct agents to open doors for people of "low-income" and "colored" countries to come into the United States, relying largely on information from the FBI. It also would strengthen penalties against people who were involved with illegal immigration. But this bill remains controversial among some Latino leaders in Congress. In a statement, GOP Rep. Justin Amash, a Massachusetts Republican, said, "No one wants to see hundreds of thousands of law-abiding Americans deported because they aren't able to handle the consequences of living in the shadows of the police state." "Simply put, this bill fails to secure our border and it's fiscally irresponsible," he said. "The government is being overrun by violent gangs that need protection from law enforcement and the possibility of dealing with immigration crimes is starkly demonstrated." "Sen. Dean Heller is not standing with us. We are not just two lawmakers. We are a coalition," Reid said.  When asked about whether he believes this bill will bring down the government and bring about change in the country's population, he said, "No, because it's in our job to provide jobs for millions and create jobs and create a way to break the cycle of poverty. I think it's extremely important that people understand that, if we give up today, we will never get the kind of impact on the economy that we needed. And to people who are suffering, we will never see their lives turned around." Mormon Immigration Bureau director: Combating extremism. "The fact that we are losing our faith in this immigration debate is more important than reducing the number of immigrants coming forward. We are also working to cut down on the number of illegal immigrants coming here," he said. Those numbers will rise, he added. Other changes to immigration could include the ban on racial profiling, stricter definitions of what's acceptable to impose, and some comprehensive immigration reform.
(CNN) -- Russell Westbrook's impressive 43 points were not enough to end the Oklahoma City Thunder's losing streak in game four of this year's NBA finals.|||With that seventh game of the Western Conference finals already decided, Westbrook had plenty left in the tank after dropping 42 of his own to lead the Thunder to a 235-219 win over the Indiana Pacers. But with that run over he and Anthony Morrow gave the Pacers a two-game lead after Michael Malone's late scoring. But with the game in the balance, the Pacers held on, eventually advancing to the NBA finals. The Pacers now lead the best-of-seven series 3-1. How they got there. The defending champion Cavaliers were victorious in the NBA semifinals, going to their sixth straight conference finals with a Game 7 win in Chicago. Atlanta defeated New Orleans for the third consecutive season. With Derrick Rose struggling, New Orleans face another battle in the NBA finals, as Corey Maggette takes on Stephen Curry, who sat out Thursday's game against New York. New Orleans will take a 3-0 lead in the series, with Tommy Lasorda as the head coach and veteran veteran Spencer Dinwiddie providing valuable experience to coach. The defense, meanwhile, is where it has to be in order to give Phoenix a chance to win in the NBA Finals. Davis, an injury replacement, also had a good game, going 10-for-15 from the field and posting 20 points and seven rebounds with five assists. But neither performance was enough to lead the Cavs to a victory. Three NBA finals game ejections.
Washington (CNN) -- When it comes to the trust Americans put in government, a new national poll indicates it's a matter of location, location, location.|||The annual Gallup poll of 8,000 adults also finds the experiences of 81 percent of those who vote are influenced by what's happening in their county. Among the issues are economic insecurity and how well the people understand public services. "Four in ten survey respondents said the lack of education and a lack of an understanding of government are important to their decision-making process. 'The same results existed for both rural and urban areas," poll director Leland Duke said. "I just think that people are less likely to be able to relate to the economy when they live in a place that has problems." In a county, particularly education or health care, if there's an economy affecting jobs, 67 percent of those surveyed trust the local government. In another county, 67 percent of those polled say a county will lead the nation in job creation. "The issues that pose the greatest challenge to the government are going to be keeping jobs and housing, housing stability and reducing the unemployment rate," Duke said.
Rome (CNN) -- Missing: One small, round, golden container. Contents: The blood of the late, soon-to-be-canonized Pope John Paul II. If found, please notify Italian police and the church of San Pietro della Ienca.|||Rescue operation to find unclean basilica and blood of John Paul II. A rescue delegation is calling for the aid of the Vatican and Pope John Paul III, the first pontiff to die without being the recipient of miraculous miracle, to be held the vigil vigil July 24-25. Public remarks are also needed, because a donation of more than $10,000 is required for this year's important event. "This is a vitally important item. Most important, it will contribute to creating a permanent impression of John Paul," said the Sacred Heart of Mary, Darmstadt. "There is no more beautiful iconography in the world than this one, and that's why it will be needed forever. It will be highlighted. It will be available everywhere." The small container also contains 13 pieces of pure white pewter, finished off by rose petals. Another intriguing composition comes after Roman rescuers removed, during the weekend, Vatican President Pro Tempore John Paul III's body from a French country house, where it had allegedly been mistreated. The incident led to a manhunt and the closure of a nearby chapel to the light of the current artwork. The Vatican says the artwork was left overnight inside a walled and locked structure overlooking the Pantheon of the Sistine Chapel. Public comments about the missing church item, which sits on a street in central Rome, have been going unanswered. Italy's National Police have honored donations of over $21,000 on behalf of the church since the October 24 attack. Police received more than 3,500 calls, in which Christians were in panic calls. Notes were sent in on a hard copy of one of the envelopes from the order. The envelopes carried declarations: "John Paul II, departed." The seven pictures in the church pile are of Saint George the Lingua and St. Ignatius. (The pope has refused to be canonized.) A steward held off some boiling potels over red chili peppers outside the church, which has some nearly complete service on May 6. According to CNN's Martha Raddatz, through the priest, 'Donna Vattini,' John Paul was receiving a white rose gift. "It's this cup," Rosina Stora, a parterre da church e dell'italia, explained in the suburban neighborhood of Villardia. "We are deeply grateful to the pope and his supporters, who work so hard." Raddatz said the San Pietro della Ienca was the last stop on a quest to unearth the empty box.
Nearly nine out of 10 people "stopped and frisked" under a controversial New York Police Department policy in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic.|||Nearly 60% said they were stopped under the non-stop policy, which requires the police to pull over and look at the person's license and registration. Nearly a third said they were stopped because they could not produce their driver's license. Police could not find their license and registration in a person's vehicle and so they couldn't be questioned. "If we did not have a driver's license we would not be searching for [African-Americans and Hispanics] for drug offenses," said Col. Asher Le. Thorne, a longtime uniformed officer who has manned the New York Police Department "to the extreme," when an officer is asked if anyone is in violation of the stop law, he says. It's called "stop-and-frisk" because officers do not ask if a person is carrying a weapon or had the right to access the location. According to a recent issue of the New York Daily News, officers are forced to stop an 11-year-old girl who is standing topless outside a local club, "but in some situations, it takes place in public." Some 70% of officers order an officer to reach into the purse of someone suspected of a possible crime. That tends to involve what critics say is racial profiling. "This is a [police department] program that goes against everything American's values, principles and the public interest. We cannot tolerate violating the trust and rights of the public, regardless of whether the individual is Muslim or of Middle Eastern descent," said Officer Eric Friedman, chief of patrol for the 46th Precinct. Mayor Michael Bloomberg also said Tuesday that the city "resorts to finding another way to serve the people of New York," including the content of its policies. The policy was created in response to protests in 2011 in New York City over what the police chief called "a pattern of racial profiling" that critics contend was racially motivated. Review board that authorized the policy changes found it did not violate U.S. Constitution or international laws. On a separate Tuesday court ruling, federal prosecutors in Boston, Massachusetts, found the NYPD "acted in poor faith" during a practice observed on July 22 and July 28, 2011. Those convictions could be overturned by the federal court, but, the district attorney was fined $4 million. Releasing a record of surveillance images on the Internet using the database, the Rev. Jesse Jackson III said Tuesday that he believed police frequently used discriminatory and unconstitutional tactics when they arrested, questioned, stopped and searched members of the public. "Police use unnecessary force, unnecessarily pat down and violate people's privacy to stop and search individuals suspected of criminal activity," Jackson said. "The NYPD keeps an appalling record of racial profiling and routinely drops the bar for criminal activity." "Our big goal in targeting crime in New York is to protect all citizens, but with non-violent crime doing so much damage, the Department of Justice believes it is crucial to have a level playing field," Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement. "Our hope is we can find ways to stop all attacks in this nation in which the use of stop and frisk is used to target vulnerable people who are seeking a safe, peaceful life." The New York Police Department said in a statement that it is "deeply disappointed by recent news coverage highlighting this and other inaccuracies in the media." During a press conference announcing the New York Police Department's updated policy, it said: "Our family is comfortable with the decisions we have made and believes that New York City is a safe and inclusive place for all individuals." NYPD statement: "While there are some discrepancies between the data we released yesterday, the overall picture is consistent with recommendations made by the NPD's Board of Commissioner." The city release reads: "The New York Police Department believes that racial profiling is a widespread and serious issue in the metropolitan area, where approximately 72 percent of the population is minority.
(CNN) -- After less than a week at sea, the Vendee Globe single-handed round the world yacht race has lived up to its moniker as "the world's toughest race" -- with nearly a quarter of the field crashing out in the first few days.|||As those shells empty, the old goldies are gone and Britain's John Tesh is among those who have paid a heavy price for their dream: a lousy three months in the Mediterranean. Skipper John Tesh says "the young guys deserve a break," but winning a whisker brings huge rewards. Although the result came amid heavy competition, who could say the reasons for the 2972 meters (8,419 feet) skipper's triumph are as silly as it is devastating? But it's not all a story of nervous or melting shells. Sally Charette, from France, is sailing in the Patagonian 'I' class of super-slopes. But she's slouched in and out of the sea at dizzying speed: two hours 57 minutes 23 seconds. Her final stop was Norge, 5.1 miles (10.2 km) off the Norwegian coast, where she and Australian David Stirling have been resting since Friday night. Anne Raney, from Australia, the reigning world record holder, was among the crew -- they're all in good shape after taking time to rest and recover -- in Cape Town after seven days at sea, the Aqueduct, its Dutch counterpart, wrapped up its first two legs in Brazil on Saturday. A privately run water surveillance camera-equipped plane passed between a straggler and the 11th stage cross. It had been just over 100 miles (190 km) when the plane finally dived out. Raney, who has been sailing since she was 19 and has had a sailing career going for almost four years, said "I had a really strong feeling that today would be the day."
(CNN) -- At the start of the 2012 Formula One season, with a driver pairing that comprised of a virtual rookie and a former world champion who had been out of the sport for two years, little was expected of Lotus.|||"I couldn't be prouder," he said in the press conference that opened with a speech aimed at fan viewers and TV commentators. "To be competing with McLaren and to have such high hopes, it would be surreal." But at the same time, he said, "It is an incredible beginning. We've had a difficult year. What will stand out at every circuit is our chances of getting into the podiums -- and winning races," he added. "However, this starts with a head start; we needed qualifying to be really competitive and let the other teams have a chance to finish there, too. "What's remarkable about Kimi (Raikkonen) is how well he maintained that pace and kept the same pace. He really took full advantage of his 'precautionary stop' that allowed us to set a quick qualifying time, and we also took advantage of rain as well -- keeping the temperature as low as possible after the March 24th incident at Monza when Kimi Raikkonen flipped the roof of the car." Test drivers have proved invaluable to Force India's new generation of V8 turbocharged F1s, who make up a team called Rubicon. During the testing of the V8s in 2008, driver Christian Horner showed his race prowess, taking second and third place. Four years later, Horner, who won a record 11 titles with McLaren before retiring in 2010, took another superb early success in the Spanish Grand Prix. He took the lead to lap 14, which he rode home despite having to duck the entire banking wall of the pitlane, and he held on for a second and a half-lap lead to add to his riveting lap of 1:55.43. He was able to extend his stranglehold on the lead, and once the Red Bull switched cars at the line to limit his gap ahead, he and Felipe Massa were able to take over the race. "There has been a lot of communication between the team and the drivers and I don't think anyone has really understood what to do on the track. ... I think that is the key to the race, and on the street circuit, to hopefully the overtaking is also important and [to be] so secure we can find ourselves on the lead lap as well." Vettel has a reputation for nailing corners. "It is very special to see these guys do what they do -- surprise! They do a great job," he said, "but obviously they will have to look at themselves for how far they have come since coming back. "Like Nico Rosberg for example, and obviously our way of overtaking there was a big part in this, but you just need to stay alert so you get overtaking on the fast side of the race and stay out of trouble as well." Will he make it 10 years in the race without being overtaken? Who knows but at least Lotus have one thing in common with another Formula One team -- they are competitive. Jenson Button brings emotion to racing, pure and simple, as he showed in his race victory against Hamilton. "We race the team for the success and having the championship as a positive experience we will now move on to how do we build more of that in Formula One and race for the coming years and how do we all benefit from that and how do we see Formula One going forward," he told reporters on Tuesday.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there, the U.S. military announced Friday.|||David Peterson, 46, had been serving as a flag carrier in Afghanistan from 2013 to 2015. He and his unit had been supporting their company's 2nd Battalion, 3rd Infantry Regiment, Paratroopers, when he was shot at 9:45 a.m. Friday in Kunduz Valley while riding on a Chinook Air Force C-130. The Patriot air defense plane was "entirely dedicated to the role of fighter support in combat in Afghanistan," the statement from the U.S. military said. "PFC Peterson and his unit managed to quickly locate and secure enemy combatants and fighters," the statement said. "PFC Peterson's unit provided combat support to the other units' 3rd Battalion, 3rd Infantry Regiment, Paratroopers, CH-53E Ranger Regiment, 3rd Parachute Infantry Battalion." "He was killed by enemy fire while directing combat support to the other troops," the statement said. The helicopter crew members were providing medical aid as well as medics and courier truck drivers to the medic unit. Peterson earned the Bronze Star Medal in 2007 for gallantry in combat during the Korean War. He is the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat since the war in Korea began in 1968, the U.S. military said. "His bravery on the battlefield will always be remembered," said Gen. Gen. Glenn "Wally" Perry. "The VA is proud of him for his service and devotion to the country." Novena Rose, a fellow Vietnam veteran and Army veteran, died in Afghanistan in July 2012, after suffering a nonfatal wound to the leg. She was honored on the battlefield a year ago for her life's work. Her official cause of death was posthumously. CNN's Brandon Machado contributed to this report.
Madrid (CNN) -- He's fast on the football field but apparently even faster behind the wheel.|||The 30-year-old was part of a team that were defeated 4-3 by Real Madrid in Sunday's derby. In just a single lap they raced to fifth place in a qualifying time of 18.553 seconds for April's famous motorway tests. The teams made their way down a 290-kilometer (220-mile) stretch along the paved fast roads of the Sierras pass to attend the event. The wheels were straight, the wheels steering point on and the speedometer read 280 km/h, a very fast pace given that the World Championship at 85,000 cubic meters (24,895 kPa) of oil and at least 97 mph KTM (1000 km/h) was the maximum speed allowed. A recent speedway record was set by the MPLS DMP at 100 km/h (62 mph). World track standards do not always justify such speeds, but March was a very fast month for England and Spain. The record was beaten in an 18-mile-per-hour event in March by a German team doing just 104 km/h. Major League Soccer's Europa League champions Bayern Munich have already signed Burea and would have been looking to add the trophy to their trophy collection by reaching the final. Madrid speedway team's highly qualified driver proves capable. Read more about driving.
Washington (CNN) -- China said Saturday it had suspended military exchanges with the United States over Washington's $6.4-billion arms deal with Taiwan, the territory that Beijing claims as its own.|||The agreement is an armistice to arm China with exclusive property rights in the self-governing island. The issue is likely to take months to resolve, given that the agreement was struck last week. It comes as the United States is prepared to halt the Tri-South military exercise if Beijing objects to the step. Earlier this week, China announced it has suspended the high-profile naval exercise with Washington over Washington's opposition to its military aid to Taiwan. Washington has said it has "publicly" put "greater tensions" between the two sides and has hinted that weapons testing is a major threat. It has said it will take another two years to conclude the exercise. The president of the United States had earlier called on China to cease the arms sale to Taiwan, saying that it had violated U.S. policy and had violated the "East-West Security Partnership" treaty. The Taiwan issue arose after an April 1962 ground attack on a Chinese air defense radar that led to widespread casualties in a civilian area near the Chinese border. China criticized the United States for its actions and has warned it will take retaliatory measures if America moves to wage war against it. The war is unclear. The East-West military exercise at Shenyang Air Base in southern China, which China does not recognise, will not include additional forces. Monday is the 38th anniversary of the launch of China's nuclear first weapon. China is threatening to resume talks with South Korea to halt the development of a nuclear bomb in the region. CNN's Tracy Cairo contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A proposed Arizona law would deny birth certificates to children born in the United States to illegal immigrant parents.|||The bill would require eligible illegal immigrant parents in Arizona and other states to sign a form with a birth certificate before anyone gets the birth certificate, according to a policy statement from legislative leaders and legislative members. "Ex-illegal immigrants don't belong in America," it said. The White House has supported the bill since it was introduced last year. "It is a Texas law," Justice Department spokesman Peter Sewell said in a written statement. But immigration attorneys representing illegal immigrant parents told the Federal News Service they don't recognize the law. "It is a way of stopping the birth of our children," Barbe Brouniga said. California attorney general Megan Dunn declared the law unconstitutional in August after it was added to the bill.
(CNN) -- The arrest in Serbia of Ratko Mladic brings to an end a 16-year man hunt for the highest profile suspect still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s.|||The Serbian military operation to find Mladic, who is thought to be in hiding, began more than a decade ago, when NATO members destroyed Serbia's air force after it bombed Serbia's airbase on Novi Sad. It sought a ploy to lure the former general into turning his attention to Italian commander Eusebio Di Nuzzo's palace after Italian government officials complained that he had emboldened radicals to use Yugoslavian forces as their base. Mladic, 76, was behind 933 Serbian citizens killed during the Mladic regime's bloody campaign between the fall of the Serbian dictator Slobodan Milosevic and the fall of the Iraqi government in 2006. The year 11, he led a terror cell called the Deveza Battalion in an ancient concentration camp on the Dead Sea in northeastern Bosnia. In Europe, Serbia has largely been considered the only country in the region not to use Serbia as a launching pad for Islamic militant groups during the Yugoslav wars. While Serbia wasn't part of the Bosnian or the former Yugoslavia wars, a lack of public involvement by Serbia in the Balkans inevitably undermined the government's declared neutrality. In addition, Serbia never formally recognized Serbia. The war and the aftermath of the war brought about numerous conflicts in Serbia, including the so-called Kosovo War, which included Serbia's 1998-2002 civil war. Lebanon also played a key role in Serbian independence, with Serb forces battling Albanian, Iranian and Turkish forces. When Mladic rose from a top post in Serbian security forces to run a network of secret military base, including Mladic's movement, the name Serbian media began referring to him simply as "Dragan Mladic." This set of reports referred to Mladic's real name as Nenad Jovanovic. Asked about the report that the Serbian military prosecutor has been to Serbia to meet the former lieutenant general, a Serbian official confirmed Monday that General Nikola Vucic had confirmed it, calling it "an authentic announcement." Secretary of State for Education and the Arts Dr. Zoran Salačevic later said that, "On this very eve of the First Serbian Republic, unfortunately, we are informed that (Mladic) has been arrested in Serbia." A source with direct knowledge of the arrest told CNN that Sinan Galeanovic, a member of the Council of State of the Republic of Serbia, said early Monday that the arrest took place during a New Year's Day conference. Secretary of State for the Republic of Serbia Vasiljak Mostuli, like Milosevic, said: "We confirmed that this evening in Belgrade the arrest was made during the meeting of the High Council of State, and it is an official announcement for the Serbian people." The arrest also was confirmed by Serbia's two Central Intelligence agencies. The U.S. State Department officially confirmed that the investigation into the 1981-82 "Heinous crimes against humanity" of Mladic and his network is complete, but added that the State Department was not operating with the full authority to release information. The European Council of Government, an international organization that includes representatives of the United Nations, which was originally created to aid the reconstruction of the Balkan region, reacted negatively to the news. "We welcome his capture and we express our gratitude to the Serbian authorities for their cooperation and support," the White House said, saying "we hope that we can continue to support Serbia in building a bright new future for the peoples of Europe." This year, Milan Lisic, the Interim Minister for Interim Peacekeeping and Humanitarian Affairs, condemned the alleged arrest of Mladic. He said that the U.S. government will work with Interim Prime Minister Boris Tadic "to secure and secure the political and diplomatic future of Serbia." The United States said it is monitoring the suspects. There is a chance that Mladic and his organization could return to Serbia but were not immediately able to confirm that. Last month, journalists reported that civilians caught during a bloody attack by a paramilitary guerrilla in southern Serbia were subsequently locked in a military prison inside a rebel compound in Monza, Italy. CNN's Martin Schwerter and Laura Qintjes contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Many have claimed to know the identity of the notorious Zodiac Killer, who terrorized northern California with a trail of unresolved murders in the 1960s. But their stories have not panned out.|||For most of the more than 40 known murders in Northern California since 1968, this is where the "Zodiac" nickname originated. Read more ». For more than a half century, authorities have wondered if the Zodiac might have been a cult leader, serial killer or simply an infamous serial killer. And for much of the past half-century, there have been numerous claims and theories about the Zodiac's identity. In 1976, for instance, the 'Forensic Investigators Magazine' detailed an elaborate scheme to bring the Zodiac to attention. In the ensuing TV appearances, the magazine quoted the mysterious Zodiac show author as describing the Zodiac. "It always appeared that the Zodiac was a wonderful guest at every major group event," the magazine reported. The show also noted that most Zodiac members said they came "straight from the pages of a newspaper or in a few key pop culture magazines." When a hit killed a man -- a popular Zodiac suspect known as "Superman" -- the next few days took turns airing a newly discovered body. On one day, half a dozen of the victims came to seek justice, and the next came back with reports suggesting a different man had killed a different victim. But the theory about Zodiac variations morphed into a cult-like cult, and a sketch of a Zodiac by Killer ID requested by a person who was not known to investigators was painted. A new sketch sawered off. Most Zodiac killings remain unsolved and there have been more than a dozen cases. The official Zodiac magazine revealed this week it is cutting down on its pieces of Zodiac content. This means the magazine is removing the character's articles to reduce its reach. With a news release this week, the magazine said it will now avoid portraying the Zodiac as an "evil," angry serial killer or a hoax. The Zodiac Killer hoaxes have, in some cases, created headaches for authorities, who attribute errors in police paperwork and timelines to the Zodiac.
The submarine's body may be constructed from drainage pipes and the hatch from a recycled skylight, but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet and has already completed three successful dives.|||Onsite of its launch on July 2, the Guangdong U-boat drills in the region between Chongyang, China, and Chengdu, China. It will be just a few months before the underwater robot is deployed to the first U.S. military base, according to father and son engineering students. The Class B U-boat design is said to "articulate a nuclear force and could operate as a nuclear weapon," the Chengdu University Department of Engineering said in a statement. If the research remains successful, it will provide China with a rudimentary submarine-hunting target to improve its nuclear arsenal, the school said. "The U-boat was originally painted with a rusty brown color. It soon gave way to a subdued brown when the design elements were changed to include the two propellers," the college statement said. The U-boat, named Rytsa, will be drilled in the Gobi Desert while underwater, in preparation for its first diving dive. "The deep sea is a sport for research, education and entertainment," said the Ocean Dynamics Construction University, studying the design of submarines. "It is a living history tool that might be used to restore a submarine when it is damaged and might also be used as a vehicle for some kind of technical adventure that might benefit the world." The graduation project aims to become a test spot for a boat that can be used for diving tests. "The goal is to build a stand-alone submarine capable of diving and coming out of the water, in the same direction as the American base in the Arctic," the organization said. The U-boat's location will be determined in 2013. You could say the class has joined the Olympic team of scuba divers. China has tested its submarine, along with the 'finisher' of a Japanese submarine and the India-based design work of a German submarine. The submarine will operate off the Chinese coast for now, but it will also be used to scout out new locations around China, the Chinese military said. Its surface speed is thought to be up to 5 knots (8.4 miles per hour). It's unclear exactly how long the New York submarine will last, but there are some significant deterrents, including liquid ant ant detergents and abandoned military vehicles. The secret service of the former Soviet Union suspected the U-boat was salvaged in 1996 after a German submarine got stuck in a mine shaft after the vessel started sinking and tried to resurface. It has also been revealed that the U-boat was deliberately destroyed in 1968. The U.S. Navy wrote off the building's construction earlier this year, due to a leak in the bilge, leaving one of its three tanks decommissioned. A Mexican submarine station remains under construction in Lake Temecula, but the U-boat is being kept under close guard. The U.S. has a submarine base on Lake Chapala in Tijuana, Mexico. Japan plans an underwater toilet after failing to find an underwater toilet at a test site. Russia and Ukraine have approved submarines and commissioned armor-plated submarines. Other U.S. warships currently are believed to be in U.S. waters. Author Alf Alfonso Borges contributed to this report.
A JetBlue pilot who was locked out of the cockpit by his co-pilot after his odd midflight rants in March was ruled competent to stand trial Friday morning.|||Jonathan Sanchez was responsible for all communication during the four-day incident, which began on March 20 when he was ordered to step down as a captain of a plane being taken to Boston's John F. Kennedy International Airport. Because his Sunday evening flight to Los Angeles was delayed by a mechanical issue, he decided to check in at the airport and find an alternate flight. On the first attempt to communicate with his co-pilot, Samuel Quesada, Sanchez discovered the flight was being held in the control cabin by a crew member. When he tried to leave, Sanchez locked the doors. He jumped off the plane. The American Airlines plane landed safely at nearby Brady Airport after numerous passengers reported he was out of the plane. The pilot apologized and, at one point during the trip, calmly spoke to the flight crew about having to follow a procedure based on someone on the ground doing all the work. The method used in his initial solo flight was probably a bus, but they decided to do everything they could to help his flight. At that point, he asked the co-pilot to try to get a camera into the cockpit. In response, Sanchez told the flight crew to stay in the cockpit while he was in the cockpit. After waiting around, he walked out. The 10 pilots and six crew members who were with him left the flight. Most of them followed the traditional approach and plan for takeoff, but two did a reverse and landed in front of his jet. Like all other pilots during the incident, Sanchez was made to receive medical attention. Starting on the third flight to Boston, both of the pilots applied for no-fly certificates. As a result, the flight was canceled, but the rest of the flight was carried out with the help of tailwinders. The New York Times reported that those who accompanied the passenger described him as "bossy" and "disapproving" and that he yelled and screamed at them. "Why does he do this to me? I'm a loner. I don't go on the back roads,” the pilot told U.S. agents in the Bahamas. When he spoke to security, he said that they told him to exit the cockpit because they wanted him to take a hanger out. His next flight was held in Fredericksburg, Virginia, the last was from L.A. to Bogota. It was the last flight Sanchez was on. When it was time to land in New York, he decided he'd consider a return trip to the same airport, which is where his flight was being held at. The "gang tactics" he used got a negative response when he landed. About one hour before landing, the plane was able to obtain a "hanger" on the landing gear. Investigators have not yet determined why Sanchez turned in his seat to a security officer, who spoke to the aircraft control team. "My mind was blown," said Sanchez. When the jetbro plane's pilot tried to force him out, Sanchez, who was not on the plane, broke a vehicle window and hit it multiple times, the New York Times reported. Sanchez was told to leave and the Boeing 777 he was boarding would not fly because the plane was too old and damaged. The incident quickly gained national attention. Eventually, the Federal Aviation Administration issued a warning against all future fights between pilots over flights, the Washington Post reported. Tuesday, Simon Francis, a JetBlue executive serving as a "board help" for the plane, notified the NTSB of the situation, according to the newspaper. "The preliminary hearing for Jonathan Simmons," is scheduled for September 28. Zavala denied knowing anything about the incident. His attorney, Samuel K. Cohen, will also say he'll go through the process of searching a helicopter so that he has access to the controls.
The state attorney overseeing the probe into the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin is known in Florida as a tough prosecutor ready to pursue what she believes is right, even in the face of media glare and public pressure.|||Monderminative to the two grand jurors in the case, Ocwen Rocha. The 17-year-old University of Florida student was a clear target of George Zimmerman's cold-blooded killing at the hands of police officers in February of 2012. Zimmerman was captured nearly six months later by police after a car chase. On April 19, a grand jury convened to determine whether he violated his probation and was in a condition not to leave the state. Martin was shot six times, including a gun shot through his head, investigators said. In his statement to the grand jury, Zimmerman said: "In the last two years, I have overcome tremendous grief, pain and anguish while protecting the trust of the citizens of this country. ... We intend to finish this investigation in the most transparent and realistic manner possible," he said. Rocha has been acting as the public face of the case since prosecutors returned after an appeals court ruled last month that he should face charges of second-degree murder. If he does not face charges, he will have to give himself up to U.S. authorities and prosecutors will decide whether to take him to trial. Both state attorneys who prosecuted Zimmerman will be seeking the death penalty, the U.S. Justice Department has said, but are not required to talk publicly about the case. The prosecution will meet six times to discuss his case, but will make no comment until the end of the investigation.
Washington (CNN) -- Is bipartisanship in Washington really dead?|||There are similarities between Blue Dogs -- some voters said they hope President Barack Obama sees a victory Sunday, but others disagreed. As he stood in front of a statehouse in Brooklyn, New York, where he has a rally planned for Sunday, Clinton touted the results of the recent election and said he hoped Barack Obama would be allowed to be the one to help carry Ohio, the swing state that has resulted in his being unable to win re-election. About half of all Ohio's Democrats vote for the president, many more agree the Democrats need a big boost, and say he won't work hard enough to get it. Last year, as McCain was rising to the Democratic leadership in the Senate, Clinton visited with the president about how to make it happen. Democrats rallied around Obama and led him in the fight against a spending plan that Republicans had championed. The events also suggested that Obama had lost his capacity to provide a bipartisan impact on issues like health care. Since he was reelected, the senior Democrats in the state have kept focused on health care. The left has not backed down either. Ten days ago, it criticized the idea that the president needs help when health care is a problem. One Republican senator from Oklahoma, Andrew Brown, said Democrats must stand up for people who rely on clean water, clear air, rivers, and carbon tax revenues to make ends meet. That's the last issue that Democrats can't handle, Brown said. Others want control of Washington, such as those on Capitol Hill, say, as the economy grows. "Bills are not going to solve our problems," Brown said. "Government is going to talk, tax, and pass laws. It's going to talk about those issues." Where do they stand on climate change? What's more important to the country, Brown said, is bipartisanship. "We have to find the solutions on those issues," Brown said. "If we want to cut the science, we have to put a stop to this. If we want to grow the federal government, what is our investment in the environment?" There's also an obvious safety issue for Democrats and Republicans. As a child, Warren learned on American stamps that a family member should have one year to take a pledge to take his or her children out of school and into debt. At 38, Clinton has never held a public office. He hopes that the elections that are headed for the Northeast soon will be a referendum on her experience. As Speaker of the House for several terms, Clinton, speaking at the Republican Women's Convention in October 2008, agreed "we have to reach across the aisle to open eyes on these fundamental issues."  Watch the video at the top of this page.
New York (CNN) -- The American Automobile Association is suing the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey over toll increases that recently went into effect at New York City bridges.|||The group claims that the increase in tolls, known as U.S. Bridge tolls, violates the tenets of the Trans-Adirondack Park and Aquatic Transit Act. They add that New Yorkers are "in thrall" of the bridge and place their hope in a "favored passengers' program that streamlines fares for downtown New York," while less people are -- in fact, more, of all -- involved with the process. Among those who objected to the plan included Broadway businesspeople, a longtime carnival employee and a civic member, Irvin Schwartz, who has enjoyed a ride on a ferris wheel for 15 years. A majority of U.S. bridge users, the group said, own the bridges. According to the American Automobile Association's website, some 60 percent of the 13,000 bridges on the Hudson River "boundary region of New York City." The user average is about $26, according to the American Bridge & Tunnel Alliance. 
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before, State Department officials said.|||Hillary Clinton will be sidelined for several weeks because of the health issue, Clinton's office said. The official said, "As was expected, Secretary Hillary Clinton will be sidelined for a few weeks due to a blood clot in her arm." A few hours after the fall, Clinton made an appointment with a doctor at New York-based Lee Strasberg and Anderson Cooper 360 for an appointment to examine her elbow. Clinton told CNN's Elise Labott via e-mail that the doctor told her that the clot had formed "right above her atelier." Clinton later attended medical X-rays, and an orthopedic surgeon, Franklin Spicer, said the doctor initially told her the clot was in her lower right arm. Obama extends OK to Clinton. Hillary Clinton, who celebrated a campaign event with a fashion show the night before she broke her elbow, posted to her personal Twitter account, "This makes sense for the current president and Secretary of State," according to CNN affiliate WND.com. The celebrity status of Clinton cannot be explained. On Tuesday, Clinton retired from the United States Senate. She has sat out four terms since her party won an overwhelming majority in the 1992 election and was re-elected twice. Clinton received the Medal of Freedom in 2009 and was an honorary U.S. senator from Montana. Since then, she has run for president five times, but had not won. Even a few months ago, after the midterms, she was still viewed by her supporters as too vulnerable to continue. A video appeared on YouTube that showed Clinton in a wheelchair being taken off from a campaign event, slumping forward on her head before the Obama administration falls. "Hillary Clinton is incapable of dislodging a head." The clip, posted by feminist website WebMD, had more than a half-million views. The video show Clinton's face slumped and a crown placed over her head. In the video, there were reports that she tapped her leg, and a newspaper reporter said it was later determined that she grabbed her right shoe. Clinton will undergo an MRI followed by a full physical exam and speech reconstruction, her team said. "I have to rest a little bit and rest a little bit until I can handle everything, get some rest and get back in the box," Clinton said. "For me, that has to go in very slow motion." Earlier this month, Clinton was injured when she fell during a concert in Arizona. Video showed Clinton attempting to carry a sign to advance the issue she wrote on her memoir. The "Hard Choices" movie was critically acclaimed. However, CNN has not been able to confirm the link between Clinton's speech at the invitation-only Women's Convention and her impending surgery to repair her elbow.
(CNN) -- Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey on a day of toil and trouble as Ireland's Dan Martin won the ninth stage of the Tour de France.|||The end of the day begins on a penultimate day of racing with eight stages left and Martin won the stage finishing on the edge of Jerusalem in Vienna. Froome also took an extra day off of racing, after struggling to stay with his sister Mary on his back in the hills. Philip Deignan won the hard Sagan-Stein group. Domenico Pozzovivo also won the stage in Basel-Bastogne-Liege, with attacks also appearing to confuse the peloton, although not serious enough. Luke Rowe was fifth on the race to leave Froome with a comfortable 21 seconds for the general classification lead. Meanwhile there was in a special classification bonus point ride to pull the Specialized group together. Thomas Kvist claimed fourth, 12 minutes 14 seconds ahead of 'UniCompetitor' Wilfried Micheland-Luxembourg after adding 56 seconds to the previous day's time trial victory, and Irishman Rory Sutherland claimed 29th on the Col de Valenciennes, eight seconds behind. Manx rider Bob Jungels was solo third on the second stage in Aigleau-Wevelgem, after having to fend off Spanish rider Arminio Blanco during the 50km 14-kilometre cobbled section. The sprint feature saw a series of sprinting gains in the final kilometre by Spain's Victor Botero. Flemmings on his last stage of the season, taken at the finish in Col du Portet, the 31-year-old was an impressive 20 seconds clear of Froome, who is back in the top 10 of the general classification. He also moved up to fifth place in the yellow jersey standings. The resulting one-day detour caused Froome to take a cool down in the final ascent of St George's Hill. He then attacked only a minute later on his return and was unable to catch the peloton after pushing hard for the line. The 20-day Tour, now completed in a total of 182 stages, starts in Toulouse on Sunday. The peloton will be subject to some sniffing around the final 15km when they attempt to escape for good.
(CNN) -- A fast-moving wildfire destroyed at least 20 homes near Guthrie, Oklahoma, on Sunday -- one of several fires to break out amid unseasonably high temperatures and windy conditions in the state, officials said.|||But on Sunday, in western Oklahoma, a wildfire was started by a citizen who filled an aviation fuel tank with 280 gallons of the fuel, said Tony Dennis, a fire department spokesman. That building caught fire and erupted, destroying about 20 homes. At least one home was partially destroyed in the fire, officials said. "It is fairly unprecedented for this fire to touch this many homes," said Tom Spencer, the forest service's fire management service in the state. The fire was untenuated by wind, according to Dion Woodruff, who was trying to determine how low the humidity level was at the time. "It's unreal," he said. "We have had a lot of people come and ask us what are we doing to fight this stuff?" Gray Derby, a deputy fire chief for the Kansas department, said the city of Grain Valley in western Kansas likely lost its home and saw ash fall in the area when a tree went down. It's unclear if any fires have been linked to the Kansas government's emergency declaration, but Anderson said normal fire behavior has not changed. There were 15 to 20 fires in the state, he said. Heavy ash had fallen, and trees and brush were on fire, so fire retardant trucks were sent to irrigate crops and water back fields. "This is very typical," the fire service said. "It's a regular summer. It's becoming an intense summer season." Arizona and Kansas have also gotten abnormally hot temperatures, followed by rain that has fallen to a little over 1.5 inches in parts of the state. With the dramatic high temperatures, tornadoes, high winds and a record-breaking wildfire season, Texas is more likely to have more active wildfires than usual. The first announced wildfire of the season in Texas started in August in the Los Angeles area.
(CNN) -- When CNN's Piers Morgan asked actor Matt Damon if he was happy with the way President Barack Obama has been running the country and if Damon was "a fan" of the president, Damon answered "no."|||Paul Damon said the 2008 Democratic Party launched a movement to undo the policies of Obama, the former campaign chairman of Black Lives Matter, told CNN Tuesday that Democrats were attempting to intimidate voters through their opposition to his economic policies. And in those congressional investigations into him, Damon said he was told by one Democrat that the investigation was a "political attack." And, he said, then Democrats have been saying Obama's an economic success story. By voting for him, according to Damon, voters send voters a message that they are concerned about how their money is being spent. Damon took on the line in the resulting HBO interview, which was made available through the body of a transcript of Morgan's show, and said he felt a lot of pride in the work he does on behalf of what he calls the disadvantaged and disenfranchised in this country. "Everyone thinks we have unemployment problems," Damon said. "We've increased education. We've increased college graduation rates. We've increased GDP growth and we've decreased unemployment." Although Republicans claim that opposition to Obama can be seen through the prism of obstruction, Morgan contends that the main action of Democrats has been pointing his finger squarely at him. "What do you do if you think Obama and his opponent are going to get along? It's politics," he asked. At the end of the interview, Morgan wrote that on the surface, Damon was a political figure sympathetic to the former president. "With good reason." According to Morgan, Damon is also aware that the media "makes politicians look bad, and that there have been some positive things that Obama has done and that we all enjoy." "At the same time, we have been handed a lot of coverage by the media about liberal people who want to praise and give praise to Obama," Morgan said, "but then the press doesn't want to say anything about that whatsoever because they want to keep the opportunities they have got," Morgan said. "That's what it is." On Tuesday night, Damon said he didn't know which Obama supporters were on the one side, ones supporting Obama's platform, the Democrats, or people against Obama. "I'm no fan of either, but I certainly don't think that's what's happening, either, you know?" Damon, who is said to have offered financial support to liberals in the past, is a Democratic activist who has been involved in the investigations of the media since she was a teenager, and who has also appeared in political cartoons and television shows. Most recently, she starred in a sketch with Kate Spade about a female army officer. Damon said the public believes he went after the wrong people, like that Siddhartha Desai, a famous British anti-Americanist. However, he said his mission is to promote community, saying he wanted to bring some kind of unity between Republicans and Democrats. "The popular enemy for American [is] black people," he said. "So maybe if you look at people who've come on television and seen what [white Americans have] experienced that the thing that resonated so much with me is that they like to be treated differently. For them, I think the past six months in the U.S., much more than 50 years in the U.K. is the reason. "It's been very divisive in our country. It's been fascinating for me when I walk through the community to see the anger and resistance, because the stories of black Americans who are being taken advantage of in the military and in jails are all over the place. In some ways, I hope to end that by some way in this time. I hope we'll be able to let this be the case and prevent this from happening again in the future." Damon said he would release a book on black issues. He said that he'll eventually do so in a book he is hoping to write in the next five to 10 years, a book he hopes "will bring some face to our movement and hopefully make somebody who disagrees with us feel less isolated and unheard than when we were at the helm back in 2008." Damon wrote a blog in the autumn of last year criticizing politics in general as "hipster economics" and said the United States has become a "lone wolf tiger that's draining the economy away from the middle class and dimwitted." Earlier this year, Damon penned a poem about his fundraising via a letter to a gay man to his congressman, which spoke about his compassion and solidarity with Native Americans. Two weeks later, Damon said he was "not engaged politically." Democratic primary candidates against Obama: Conspiracy theories, racial animus, and national character.
(CNN) -- For desperately ill patients with serious, life-threatening antibiotic-resistant infections, access to new antibiotics is a matter of life and death.|||"In the United States, drug resistance is a critical problem for medical students who have chronic illnesses that are associated with a family member's infection of some kind, causing their illness to become fatal," added Dr. Gerald Kerin, a division chief for the Dr. King Foundation, in a July 27 letter to Dr. Brian Walch, the president of the United States Antimicrobial Resistance Network. About 900 American children and adults with life-threatening infections have been treated with drugs like Prambananib, the antibiotic knocked out by Follistim. The group's annual report, The Urgent Life and Health Risk of Infectious Diseases, published July 27, describes the list of resistant organisms that have been discovered in the clinic. What does it mean? Experts have said patients who have resistant organisms can be in for a rough ride. Many people don't even know where they get the bacteria, some to which they have been exposed. The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists states that antibiotic resistance spread from "a single gram of bacteria to other gram that was made available as a bug drug. It spreads rapidly," it said. "At a dose over an hour, it can cause a serious and sometimes fatal infection." About one in 16 U.S. children and children living with underlying cancer develop colitis. Nearly three-quarters of those who develop C. difficile rotator cuff (CD-RTCC) will get more than 10 cases of the infection, as well as further symptoms. It can be extremely distressing, causing poor hospital care and hospitalization. Often, the diagnosis remains in the back of the doctors' mind, especially when they experience symptoms that are too severe for antibiotics to treat. Patients want relief as quickly as possible, Kerin said. "It is so important we keep them on the antibiotics they are on, that they are treated and we can give these [recipients] the correct drugs they are on and safe drugs because antibiotics are complex, important and effective," he said. Allergan makes Apothecary Trcadar/Lercicitin for SSRI (salicylic acid reductase). At night, there is intense pain and abdominal discomfort during the treatment period, and many patients do not remember that the medication was even in their blood or in their urine, he added. Prambananib, which is approved as an antibiotic for patients with other life-threatening infections, has gotten stronger with time. The FDA last week lowered the dose limit for Acordicosterib, a generic version of the commonly prescribed antibiotic riboflavin kristin in the formof riboflavin acetate, according to a statement. The letter said FDA reviewed clinical trial results from 13 hospitals across the United States and found that, "Some of the patients were able to communicate correctly with their physicians."
It's the one fact about Mexico that you probably didn't know. The country's name is not really Mexico, at least not officially. After gaining independence from Spain in 1821, Mexico officially became the "United Mexican States."|||It's no secret that Mexico's called "Oaxaca," as in "Mexico City," a designation that originated with a British colonial commander and even descended as his children from Spanish-born Spanish settlement on the U.S.-Mexico border. Well, it is now the Andes, although that's not necessarily the case. Puerto Rican-born missionary Domingo de la Cruz took over as president in 1925, though that designation of his office was eventually dropped by former president Arturo Zapata in 1937. However, in the 1880s, the Chihuahuan-Arizona River that runs through Mexico gave rise to the "Nueva México" -- which took its name from the state of Chihuahua -- because it provided a nexus of trade and agricultural irrigation. This V-shaped feature resulted in the creation of Mexico's irrigated lands, which were in turn flooded by a run-off from an unnamed river. The chuapalico river eventually returned to its natural state. But it would be quite the trick to reintroduce it, as one theory has it, given the vast western reaches that remained undereducated. This is what has happened. And right now, with a U.S.-Mexican border now separating this tiny region from what it was before the expulsion, the Chihuahuan-Ariz. river has resumed its former berth at the Guatemalan border and has a gaping new mouth that could become the country's first rural and agricultural prairie -- providing the foresters with a project that can irrigate millions of acres of land in otherwise barren wilderness areas. It's a deceptively pristine process, which allowed Chihuahuan creeks to begin to flow and help recharge the once-dense chihuahua population. A few years back, a group called the Chihuahuan tribe paid an $80 million ($85 million today) reward to be allowed to return. This brought the Chihuahuan River to its full hydrologic potential, but, as another theory has it, the Chihuahuan has no indication it will, and it would probably crash before being allowed to. Something has to give. The Chihuahuan River, as seen from above, has a curious design: it has no banks, no "corpo" or inlets. The Mexican government considers the Chihuahuan National Monument to be a natural disaster mitigation tool and considered the Chihuahuan term for a "bad river." In November, the former Chihuahuan National Monument was completely deserted and no evidence of life was ever found. What's the point of Chihuahuan culture? Here is some thinking you might want to consider when visiting the country for the first time, as documented by Jesus de Santa Cruz Catholic Church in Chihuahua, the office of the national missionary.
(CNN) -- The two women shot and wounded by Los Angeles police during the manhunt for renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner are "not doing well," their attorney said Thursday at a news conference to announce a resolution to the loss of their bullet-riddled pickup truck.|||The traffic crash in Los Angeles' Santa Monica neighborhood left Kelley Ogden and Channell Vandenburch dead, her attorney, John Glenn, said. Dorner had claimed that the couple, whose vehicle caught on fire during the daylong manhunt that led to his capture on December 16, had been planning to try to kill him "like I did last year," Glenn said. Dorner, who got away a day after his arrest, then shot and wounded several people in an area near his home, including Jennifer Broome, Dorner's wife, according to police. "Detectives have a gun in the truck," Gordon Kulin, Dorner's attorney, said as he broke a screen door glass to show CNN reporter Jim Morgan that the locked doors are still locked. Kelsey Ogden died in April. "She's here in God's hands," Jonathan McMahon, Dorner's friend, said at a news conference on Wednesday. "People are praying for her ... for her parents ... for her brother, who is also ill," McMahon said. Gorwengan, a 36-year-old nurse, was shot in the torso in that December shooting. Payne McGowan, 28, was shot in the back of the head. Guera Nadie, 35, was taken to a hospital that night with multiple gunshot wounds, Glen said. Dorner shot himself during a confrontation with police, according to a source with knowledge of the situation. He made no demands in his final statement before dying in May, which resulted in a criminal case against him, the source said. Melanie Pena-Los Angeles, a 26-year-old psychology researcher and professor at the University of Southern California, said Thursday that Dorner is now at large, and her motivation remains unknown.
(CNN) -- Gareth Bale scored both goals as Tottenham Hotspur bolstered their burgeoning title challenge in the English Premier League with a 2-0 win at Norwich Tuesday night.|||Bale's goal at Norwich City saw Tottenham regain the lead to put them eight points clear of a potentially difficult Manchester United side with three games remaining. Manager Mauricio Pochettino's side were before the game underline that the title lies at stake. The away side, who were already in control, won the first half with 16 shots compared to Tottenham's five as Lucas Moura and Ryan Bertrand fired in the early stages. But the match started to turn when referee Ron Atkinson gave the ball away late on for a second yellow card for a bizarre and apparently stray ball kicking challenge. With referee Tony Moss poised to award the controversial spot kick when a few seconds had ticked by, the original count was overturned and the ball returned to the goalkeeper who steered home the second goal. There were other things causing the disruption at Carrow Road, too, as Paul Dales' team was twice forced off late on because of goalkeeper antics. But the clash ended in a 1-1 draw with visitors Hull City, who will now face West Brom on Monday. Two-time champions Manchester United play Crystal Palace in the other clash on Tuesday.
Doha, Qatar (CNN) -- An international donors' conference on Darfur kicked off Sunday in Doha with the hope of raising $7.25 billion to bring aid and sustainable development to the troubled region in Sudan.|||The Darfur peace conference aims to provide international resources to help the area improve its governance, and aims to foster peace and reconstruction after Darfur was part of Sudan until independence in 1991. Announcing results at the opening of the conference, Sudanese Foreign Minister Idris Ali directed delegates to take part in campaigning for the liberation of Darfur and its state. During the June 29-July 7 conference in Doha, Qatar, organizers announced that they expect to raise $8 billion. A further $5 billion is also to be set aside to help support the United Nations Emergency Response and International Organization for Darfur (UNDISASTRO). More than a million displaced are concentrated in Darfur, according to the local government administration, but there is a large waiting list. Some counties lack local officials and administrators are needed to conduct repairs, restore aid to aid crisscrossed by militias, stop traffickers, and rebuild the towns in a failed region plagued by frequent drought. "We would ask all the people of Darfur to freeze or starve to death," said Mr. Ali. "Riots would break out, there would be children dying because the weapons that have been seized by the rebels for the past few years are not available. People will starve because they have nothing in the stores and there is a military presence." The main goal of the conference is to aid rebels and implement reforms to control the Darfur region, including its developmental institutions. Throughout the country, drought has been linked to drought, a serious offense punishable by up to four years in prison. The punishment has been harsh for thousands of civilians, including hundreds of young children, as well as former rebels. These dire statistics alone are so controversial that the Darfur government and opposition leaders consider them a "burden of contradiction" for the United Nations. CNN's Hillary Clinton contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Texas grand jury declined to issue charges Thursday in a November 2012 deadly collision between a freight train and a parade float that killed four veterans and injured more than a dozen people, Assistant District Attorney Eric Kalenak of Midland County said.|||Authorities had reopened their investigation months after it faded from focus. The closure comes after four men died and 16 others were injured when a parade float and a four-ton train carrying beer and food entered an industrial area in Midland County about 2 a.m. on March 30, 2013, according to court documents. Both of those vehicles crash into each other, killing the man and injuring six. The accident occurred about a quarter-mile from where the National Police Foundation's parade was scheduled to begin. Full disclosure: CNN contributed to this report. Earlier reports of the crash highlighted concerns about the sound of the train horn. A witness said the train's horn blew twice before it stopped, a second time as the was approaching the midway point. The accident is the deadliest incident in the history of the parade. But jurors are not disciplined in the military's largest parade, which was held each year on the banks of the Permian Basin. In some communities, such as Midland, it's organized to help veterans through a series of events. In the more populated Lone Star State, the trial occurred in 22 of 34 counties, as part of a specially convened trial chaired by Judge Charles L. Thornton III. At the time, authorities were not allowed to close the highway where the parade had been held. Three of the parade's participants were on a truck that was hit by the train. The truck slammed into the oncoming train. Seven of the 14 men on the truck were injured. The driver of the train was not injured, but he appeared to be pinned inside as a result of the accident, officials said. Soon afterward, a passenger train slowed down and went around the oncoming trailer, causing the train to hit the truck, which crashed head-on. The train eventually hit a building on a nearby street. There were more than 20 people on the street at the time, including four children who were on their way to school and an elementary school bus, said Randy Rutherford, a spokesman for the school district. A billboard on the highway had also crashed while people waited for the bus to get on the highway, according to the affidavit filed by the school district, which played a key role in the case. Deputy County Sheriff Lorenzo Galindo, on top of the truck, survived the crash, according to the affidavit. Authorities spent months combing through video taken of the scene in hopes of determining if anyone deliberately ran the train or was merely careless with an equipment failure, it said. After releasing dashcam video of the crash, the school district began "examining" the history of the parade. Authorities urged parents and anyone else watching to remain calm, Rutherford said. Protesters targeted parade and rally before news of crash spread, a statement said. Organizers had staged a walkout weeks earlier to protest the outbreak of the accident.
(CNN) -- One of the most enduring mysteries of the 20th century has been put to rest: DNA analysis of bone fragments has proven that two of Czar Nicholas' children believed to have escaped were killed with their royal family during the Russian Revolution.|||DNA testing has confirmed that the remains of Czar Nicholas II come from his children, Mikhail and Alexandra, two of whom are presumed dead. The Kremlin said the results of the laboratory analysis prove that "they were killed and buried in the Crematorium of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, one of the largest of many war cemeteries in Russia." More than five centuries ago, the case marked the emergence of a shocking secret. A young man had written that the remains of the second Czar Nicholas -- who was previously a commoner -- had been "chewed out in the Russian Academy of Sciences." The Czar.
Two weeks before he tested positive for Ebola in Liberia, American journalist Ashoka Mukpo talked about the bleak situation there.|||Two weeks ago, I reached out to Dana Kaya Killian, the head of Liberia's Center for Disease Control and Prevention. As part of her exhaustive job, Killian is working to help physicians get the word out that Liberia is facing a multidimensional epidemic of Ebola -- an incurable virus that has killed thousands of people in West Africa. Killian says Ebola was predicted, and later became established, because of a gang related fever and mysterious fungus, among other factors. She also tried to get public awareness of treatment options. Killian said most of the West African countries that have Ebola do not have the necessary infrastructure to fight the disease. She also said more equipment was needed -- and money -- for acute health care, with only a "tiny laboratory" able to collect and analyze patients' samples. There has been no previous reports of anyone being helped in the health crisis, so the concern surrounding the isolation of Ebola patients for long periods of time means no one knows if it has spread to hospitals. Doctors say that protecting patients is more important than assuring that they are free of the disease. In a news conference held the same day Killian told reporters in Monrovia, Liberia's capital city, she said the number of Ebola cases rose because more than 1,300 people had been admitted to the hospital since early October. The announcement was followed by another ambulance that was supposed to transport patients to the emergency room. Killian said it seemed Ebola was changing at that point. Kaya Killian said at the time that people were thinking that the disease was sporadic. She said the situation has been "very grim" in Monrovia -- up to 50 percent of all cases are unsightly. "If the real Ebola spread now, that would be the worst," she said, warning that people in need of medical attention are still waiting for help. WHO first declared Ebola a “disease of international concern” in January. Though there have been no cases attributed to vaccine-preventable complications, Callum McClellan, director of the WHO's Martin Luther King Jr. Center for Humanitarian Affairs, has said that "multidrug-resistant" Ebola isn't yet a disease of concern. Kenyatta, a Kenyan health care worker, said it could have a long-term impact on the population, but ebola -- which killed thousands of people in Liberia in the last decade -- has not yet spread to other countries. Although he doesn't think any cases of Ebola are endemic, McClellan says they are occurring among people in general. "There may be dangerous bad times when people come down with those viruses," he said. But, he added, they have to come down. Killian said that it is so important that health care providers provide vaccines for people who are already infected, so he is confident that in a few weeks, people infected will respond to treatment. "I mean, people will become well, they will go home," she said. She said recent months have seen a dramatic reduction in those infections, and officials were not seeing more. "The impact of Ebola on people in recent weeks has been really critical."
(CNN) -- With the new iPhone 5S and 5C due out this week, smartphones are top of mind. And while many are oohing and aahing over the new vibrant color choices for Apple's coveted phone, sometimes a custom case is much more personal.|||The Southern California-based company created some of the most innovative products -- like this custom leather case made out of Alabama native maché leather, perfect for the iPhone 5S, from "Ubi Rasmussen" at Elkhart, Indiana, to a custom pen that's great for pen-painting, even built a model to simulate 8-key pad (an iPhone has four keys), one with a stick instead of a press.) And unlike the universal 10-key pad, these keys can be identified by a magnet on the left side of the handset's back, not a push button that you can press with the other side of the 6-button vinyl. Apple did its best, though, to make the buttons pretty easy to remember, producing the S-shaped lock button. The snap slider backside of the iPhone 5S provides a nice tactile switch when turning to see the 3-inch case. With their faux leather cover, the case features very finely made leather fabric, separate snap snaps when the phone's pressure is applied to the body, and leather-lined opening and closes when the phone is opened. The mic/microphone section features both black and chrome options, and users can customize their specs to personalize the case. The KitchenAid Regal rotisserie is used for hot tubs, but also in several other industrial parts such as cars. Air Magic leather jackets feature transparent cavities for easy digging, and doubles as a make-your-own case when necessary. Activators like Sammy Sancinelli and A.R. Black @ Mahoney also make great additions to any case, from earpieces to head and earcups. Innovations in fragrance products, Zex Pad from Johnson & Johnson, Tink & Mac and others are being demonstrated as well. Of course, iPhone cases aren't for everyone. Some consumers want something somewhat more personal. These days, we know much less about the phones than we do about the phones themselves, and some customers are skipping handmade cases. But we know lots of people just want something to feel like they've gotten it wrong. We didn't say so, of course. One early iPhone 5S user -- on the other hand -- shared this image on Instagram, expressing the same love and intimacy for the 5S. "I had no idea of the richness in this face -- after 5 years, there really isn't a color to match this phone," said the iPhone 5S owner, who asked not to be named as a fear of reprisals. His view of the quality of the phone, and his willingness to share it with others, is refreshing. And while many are oohing and aahing over the new vibrant color choices for Apple's coveted phone, sometimes a custom case is much more personal. We need to think outside the box for something as "iPhone-ian," including a case made out of leather. And we need to think differently about photography and other products that can make the images look really, really good, perhaps even better. We've rounded up a few of our favorite creative iPhone cases with our first-ever case review, and you can see what we found out in the gallery below. ». Nonshawn.com:  Ways to enhance photos from your phone ». The following images are available in their original, specially-made sizes. Check out the full gallery above for other unique iPhone cases. New York City-based Essential Reports newsroom: smartphones are back for life. CNN's Sharon Conner and David Shampa contributed to this report.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The oldest known surviving copy of the New Testament gets the modern touch Thursday when parts of it go online for the first time.|||Jeffrey Greenberg. United Kingdom. Sixteen-and-a-half days old -- some of the bible's oldest chapters -- have been written in the Arab kingdom of Israel. The manuscript, dubbed "Bible in Aramaic," is believed to be relatively intact -- the ink is genuine and the drawings are "large and complete" -- though it is being prepared for about $200,000, New Scientist magazine reported. It was first received in 1846 by the Baptist Church in Wales, which kept copies during the 17th century. The authenticity of the manuscripts is rated as probably 'unquestionably' -- although the scholars are not sure whether that makes the manuscript too old to be true. The 160-page manuscript was first published in August by English-language newspaper The Spectator. In the Spectator, Jonathan Gleaves noted that much of it had been lost or left behind, with parts still not being released as copies. All the missing passages and pages of the book are identifiable. Ms Gleaves says the manuscript "is a complete narrative of the Bible." It tells a story of Jesus' death and resurrection, the crucifixion of Mary, and the building of a Holy Cross for him and Mary's parents. All parts of the manuscript are believed to be the same. © 2010 The Spectator. All rights reserved.
Cairo (CNN) -- Egypt's first democratically elected president, Mohamed Morsi, will appoint a woman as one of his vice presidents and a Christian as another, his policy adviser told CNN.|||Mohamed Morsi is a Muslim who was elected to office as a democracy activist this month, whose biography more closely resembles President Ali Abdel-Aziz. "I plan to change the constitution to make such a gesture with the implementation of the principles, not any other policy, of the human rights" of minorities, El-Sisi, the president's spokesman, told CNN on Sunday night. A men's-only rule of law was proposed in recent years, and Egypt has also opened the possibility of a Muslim-only presidential candidacy. But Morsi, like other recent Egyptian leaders who have addressed the Muslim world since the Arab Spring, says he does not rule out any way that minorities or women will play a role in governing Egypt. "My life is nothing to be chosen," he said. "I love the Muslims, especially men's rights. They make a different kind of efforts." The ruling Muslim Brotherhood is part of the broader Salafist movement that opposes Egypt's system of government. Fighting Islamists began as a way to combat terrorism in Egypt. Al Qaeda operatives targeted a mosque in Egypt two years ago, sparking unrest among Egyptian Muslims and leading to the departure of many security forces to the United States. Hundreds of thousands of Egyptian Muslims were displaced. The United States restored their stores as compensation, but the U.S. Embassy in Egypt has closed its Somalia mission since then amid security concerns. The Israeli general who has spearheaded efforts to arrest suspected Islamic extremists said on Friday his group was unable to prevent a bloody attack on the city of Oslo. An Islamic organization called Ex-Im Populist Movement called for "administrative action" against Egypt and said it supported al Qaeda and Islamic terrorism. One former Muslim governor of Egypt, Abd-Aziz Ewel Badra, said it was not clear whether the arrest meant Morsi would face prosecution on charges of sedition. "I suspect he is trying to counter the threat that ISIS poses to Egypt," Badra said. "There is already condemnation and condemnation of those arrested for supporting Islamic extremists. This is more of a diversion and is aimed at embarrassing the president's political party." There were protests in Stockholm on Sunday, but not a march. Archbishop Massard Jackson said he had not heard from Morsi about potential appointments. Jackson said all persecuted Christians cannot participate in government. "Christians are brothers, or even one in one. Those of us who have watched the elections will stay faithful." The two World Geostrategic Review Board members said they "stand by their position." Many Egyptians are Muslims or make decisions based on law or spirituality, they said.  People who met with Morsi on his election day expressed confidence that he will be an anti-extremist leader. The influential Muslim Brotherhood, composed of activists, activists, and party officials, warned against not allowing people to legally assemble in public to attend the World Geostrategic Review Board's upcoming meeting, as has been the case in Europe. It called for demonstrations over the bombings in Mecca and Gaza. "The security forces will be strengthened for all citizens," Mohamed Hassan, a senior pastor with the group, said. "All Muslims should not go to a Quraat mosque." Although Egyptian officials have said all Muslims should contribute to the campaign to protect a key Islamic shrine in central Cairo, many non-Muslims speak out against the move. Some bemoan the move. Others say it amounts to a step toward Arabization. "Morsi is a representative of all people, not just Muslims," Imam Ismail Zawahari, a leader of the Allamaq Al-Sham mosque in Mecca, told CNN.
(CNN) -- An incident-packed final day at Cheltenham culminated in a no-less dramatic finale when outsider Lord Windermere captured the Gold Cup in heart-stopping fashion for trainer Jim Culloty and jockey Davy Russell.|||On Sunday afternoon, jockey Tony Lewis became the first National Hunt rider to win the grandstand Gold Cup. The pair beat Peter Warburton by three-quarters of a length. "This is what you're for," said the son of the late David. Tony's so-called 'boxing match' won a famous match in 2009, beating Darren Lane by one length. On Saturday, husband, wife, Tony and Elizabeth Jones battled to keep up with their marathon of goals. Tony worked 12 hours to reach the running final -- taking each half of his long journey. "That's the way the World Cup ends," said his wife. Then, "what a turn of events, no? Tony took the world title for Britain on a great race (at Cheltenham), but then didn't turn out." Late on Saturday, the Chase winner Trixie Dottir was one of the final acts as TV viewers live-tweeted the big race as James Culloty, the winless trainer of the race, went to the gallop with his horse. "Weckehammer, very accurate kick at last," he said. "Probably the first race at Cheltenham that I was going to miss. And thank God at the end when he broke that leg." Russell: Former jockey has his son go. Wales also launched a desperate bid to replace Wilson with one of its own. "I'm in race-losing mood," said Wilson's son, Tony. "We have gotten rid of all that action. The grandstand race was great, but if it was not a good one you wouldn't look at this final." It was the first time a Tony Lewis-trained race had gone for so long. In January, at Nottingham Stakes, he watched David Wimmer crash out with a cut on his leg after having to be helped from the track. Now he's managing the fifth horse in his career and may have the perfect fourth. At San Francisco's Keeneland, Jamie Rawlins was hoping to join with Jimmy Wayne Racing's Paul Williams for the race which has just ended. "Huge crowd, magnificent people, it was an amazing day. Good luck to Jimmy," Rawlins said.
Washington (CNN) -- The Supreme Court will hear arguments this week in two same-sex marriage cases. Whatever the justices do, the outcome seems foreordained. When 80% of Americans under 30 agree about something, that something will happen -- it's only a matter of time.|||A new poll from a public opinion firm released Wednesday shows that an overwhelming 80% of Americans agree with President Obama that same-sex marriage should be legal nationwide and that gender, birth control and sexual relations should be prohibited to anyone. Obama "stands by his closing statement to the U.S. Congress in support of equal rights for the 2 million Americans who do not have a birth certificate." The poll found approval of same-sex marriage increased by 16% compared to the last presidential election. Another poll showed same-sex marriage has a nearly identical share of the population, except those who were born outside the United States, and these were also the same group of people who voted in Obama's re-election. Since he was first elected in 2008, Obama has made campaign promises to "protect" marriage -- whether for same-sex couples or any other couples that could be married, no matter their sexual orientation. He said that last year, he'd "do everything in my power" to pass a marriage equality law. His signature proposal, legalizing same-sex marriage across all 50 states, was rejected by the state legislatures. But he has promised to work hard to help other states "in effect" pass equal marriage reform that, along with banning a state-imposed marriage-discrimination law, will be implemented through the federal government, without the support of the federal legislature. Obama's most recent promise to repeal certain federal taxes relating to alcohol, tobacco, and immigrants came with him into his political. In effect, a majority of Americans think taxes on alcohol, tobacco, and immigrants -- especially gay people -- are a hindrance to Washington. "These folks aren't going to vote for whatever Republican or Democrat idea you have in Washington until something happens. And in a couple of years when you meet the election results on November 6, 2012, you are already well aware that things are going to happen," said Obama on MSNBC's "Morning Joe." "Obama should just stop being so optimistic. The Washington, D.C. establishment wants to create barriers to same-sex marriage, and reform these barriers. At the same time, it wants to make sure everyone is registered for same-sex marriage." Obama argued to the court that making same-sex marriage a law was "not yet necessary," but it "doesn't exactly happen on a daily basis." The Supreme Court decided in 2008 to change the state law that banned federal agencies from registration of same-sex couples. When registering same-sex couples, the federal government would need to set a fine for any Virginia resident who wanted to propose same-sex marriage, a license to marry, and receive marriage discrimination compensation of up to $250,000. Both marriage rights were put aside when the court decided in 1992 to recognize the federal ban on same-sex marriage. A subsequent state amendment was enacted, making marriage legalization even more difficult, and neither type of nationwide marriage law passed. The same result can occur at the federal level, with less pressure for ratification of same-sex marriage. Election results are sometimes delayed by the political process. Obama hopes marriage equality will spur changes in how states treat equal treatment of gays and lesbians. To the contrary, people are pointing fingers at Republicans. On that point, the president should remain true to the Supreme Court's 1984 constitutional amendment. "We are more dedicated to respect our conscience than we are to passing the federal Constitution," Obama said. "And that's our problem, not the president's." When you look at history, this is the political reality: The Supreme Court can say whatever it wants. And with this type of precedent, we can create a new constitutional regime. Don't give up on marriage equality. Political action is necessary to ensure that those who support it become government officials. This is not just politics. It is a question of principles. The U.S. Constitution exists to protect the rights of people to marry. Every single one of us, regardless of gender, sex, race, religion, ethnicity, nationality, age, and national origin, should respect every U.S. law that allows for this. If not, then all of us, regardless of which party is in office, are equal before the law. Why not join us in supporting marriage equality. Conclusion.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Revenge attacks targeting a village in southeast Kenya killed 10 people Thursday, including women and children, the nation's Red Cross said.|||Gunmen and female gunmen opened fire on a truck laden with weapons in Rundu district around 2 p.m., killing eight women and two children, the National Red Cross said. Three attackers were killed. They used a 12-pound mortar to attack the village during rush hour, witnesses said, Kenya's official Radio Kenya said. The violent incident occurred about nine days after attacks on at least 11 other villages in east and central Kenya. Watch attacks on women and children and particularly in urban Kenya ». Indian studies and development aid officials say the attacks "are unprecedented in Kenya, because of the distance and the distance from these communities." CNN's Jackie Odgers reported from Nairobi that the area was full of grazing cattle herders. Women graze crops with irrigation machinery in a courtyard and livestock rest in five small fields. The destruction in the ransacked village has forced about 1,000 farmers and others to flee, the Kenyatta Red Cross said. It said that between 8,000 and 5,000 people were displaced in the bush-ravaged areas. "There was no radio network in Kondera, and the only access point to medicine was one side of town," the Red Cross said in a statement. "Two men were killed in the fire. Nobody was dead and the situation was under control." Two men were found shot dead outside the village. Police and an army officer were killed, while the rest of the wounded remain in the hospital, Red Cross officials said. Sixteen people remain in hospital after treatment for gunshot wounds. Geography, the East African nation's only landlocked nation, has suffered deadly violence since Kenya gained independence from South Africa in 1991. In September, former President Daniel arap Moi of Kenya signed an agreement with Niger, which allows for guns that have provided security for the government. In December, the deal also gave Kenya territory at the border with the Central African Republic so as to avoid being subjected to al Qaeda agents. African services help in search for victims in Kenya. In July, members of the Kenyan armed forces and police raided a police headquarters in Mashanda, a town bordering southern Kenya, and found civilians along with two senior police officers, the South African military said. The South African police corps told CNN its members had received 14 calls from African residents in Kenya who said they had been abducted. The South African Foreign Office has offered to send a team to North East Kenya, which borders South Africa. Asked for a reaction to Thursday's attacks, spokesman Maj. Gen. Fadhil Mohamad Iqbal would not say anything beyond "we are deeply saddened and deeply troubled." The Red Cross said one of its journalists, Githinji Lahori, was taken ill. The victims' bodies were buried at Githinji village. In another attack in the village, two men and two women were killed and three women were injured. Witnesses described a scene of shocked villagers, with many screaming. One woman said she was raped by a group of men who entered her home. No one has claimed responsibility. After some civilians in the village who stayed behind ran away, witnesses told the Red Cross that they tried to protect themselves. The Red Cross said more people had come to Rundu from the road, but were attacked by gunmen. "This village has eight communities, and at least seven are fully cooperating with the Red Cross," the Red Cross said. Among the village's leaders, elders Kenyatta Yee, 52, and 61-year-old Safia Shakira said the attacks were aggravated by the deaths of women and children. In the area, villagers and youths had been hunting for goats, which have gone missing, and money disappears, they said. Life, religion and politics often have been intertwined in Kenya. Berries lines among the people whose lives have been on the edge. African beauty magazine offered more than 60 photos of animals. In 2007, CNN's Lulu Berian translated a photo of an ebola festival held for Muslims during Ramadan.
(CNN) -- Employers in Denmark have started paying compensation to women who have developed breast cancer after working night shifts.|||Brex mother breast cancer. While in Denmark, some conservative healthcare providers "back[d] women who died from progression of breast cancer," according to the Danish Women's Society, the number of breast cancer survivors in Denmark continues to decrease. The issue became popular when a jury in Oregon awarded a $115,000 settlement to 29 victims of inadequate attention while breast cancer was rampant and that their diagnosis made them a risk to their children's future. Doctors had a far greater impact on breast cancer survivors in American than any of the other situations, said Judith Beedle, president of the association of women living with cancer and a professor of moral philosophy at the University of Montana. "Their health care providers will need to look at the reasons behind the survivors death," Beedle told CNN. "Many parents have survivors who have been homeless or have had a chronic infection -- some have become frail, like me," she said. "Many have their eyes or scarred by breast cancer and consequently have lived for years with a significant burden." The average disadvantaged person with breast cancer during this period is an Asian-American, women who are African-American, rural or from disadvantaged socioeconomic backgrounds. There is less research on the burden of adverse cultural factors on health insurance premiums for breast cancer, the NCBH report said. Breast cancer is a condition most frequently diagnosed in women between the ages of 60 to 75, with a four-year survival rate of 32 to 36. Breast cancer is generally a marker of an altered or deteriorating environment. But in the 1990s, policy changes to health care policies meant employers could put nursing and legal jobs at risk. Women began to lose full wage jobs to nurses without insurance. Some physicians began to prescribe cosmetic treatments, while some dismissed women with breast cancer as unreliable when trying to diagnose it. Some said nursing mothers with breast cancer and women with the genetic makeup of many other women were "undernourished" when their women tested positive for breast cancer. The sexual relationship element played a role, too. The research suggests the evolutionary reasons behind breast cancer may have something to do with not replacing the mother's work force with men. "There is some basis for me to believe that biological interactions might influence human decisions," said Beedle, who is HIV positive. With young women exposed to estrogen, breast cancer and endometrium, which are the blood-clotting products of the nerves and cells of the breast, cancer can start early. Her study found an increased possibility of breast cancer for women who changed from being a mother. For men, there are several "rules of thumb" that drive employer's behaviour, but only 70% respond to them, a study showed. In 1990, the World Health Organization set up a commission to study breast cancer and medical care. The commission is now seeking legal submissions. There is no special legal recognition of people who have died as a result of cancer prevention or detection or prior adverse circumstances. The study recommends that employers use standardized methods to determine the risk of breast cancer or other cancers. Existing health care programs determine whether employees are receiving abnormal exposure to estrogen, or if a woman was exposed to high levels of estrogen because of a bleeder or implants, according to the report. The newly ruled law also allows employers to pay for the cost of hormone therapy, breast implants and the possibility of breast cancer screenings in certain patients.
London, England (CNN) -- Simon Cowell's stranglehold on the British Christmas record charts looks as though it might be coming to an end.|||The fox and the seven hen house -- as its band refers to its quirky performances of camp and song lyrics -- was not Simon Cowell's finest hour. After years of dodging criticism for his backing on the pop giant's "Let it be You" hit list, the head of the record company has decided to remove the band from his top 20 in an effort to 'protect customers.' "It's totally shocking news that Spotify deleted 'Let it Be You' from their charts yesterday," said Lauren Jaegen from Popjustice. Apparently fans didn't realize they might have to use a new model for an album. Whether that changes is anyone's guess. Some critics have claimed by axing the song will damage the pop act's appeal -- a default of so many teenage music bands. The brand's music spokesman said it "was always probably a little bit fickle" but also said: "When you change music, some fans take it for granted." Last year, it "was probably something that would have been to the fans but then we waited for a while and of course things couldn't happen." His loss looks to be a knock-out blow to pop's new leadership, which has promised action on the far more serious issues of their careers. In the United States, three groups have dropped out, one refusing to play back-to-back live gigs, saying the public doesn't like the show without them. This is not the first year the boys band has fallen off. "Let's just say that the boys have done so well that they are thinking that as a whole we should really be in the front line of this competition," Cowell said on Britain's Much Music. "We love the singers and we love that we got some of the characters together as well. But we just changed that. We couldn't write that kind of music because we couldn't write this one, so it's more obvious now." Nine months ago, there were words "Let's Keep This Club Together" on the cheeky rock ballad "Don't Meant." On Sunday, the band released a mash-up version of the song to promote its DVD featuring "Don't Let Me Go," a showcase of young comedians who want to appear on the hit "Bobby Flay's Bay Street." The cartoon song features cast-off characters. One character is a hater of Cowell's acts and another sings about being "off the circuit" after the judge said: "You've made me throw up for a while." The problem, said the head of the agency's music division, is that parties often happen outside the club where the song has taken its place. "It could even be anywhere," he told the BBC's Entertainment Weekly. "This used to be an idea for the Beatles, but I think it's not really enjoyable. It's OK because the audience likes it."
(CNN) -- A slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed Sunday to recall 143 million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in U.S. history.|||The Republican-run Forest Hills Cryogenics, with a location in Park City, Colorado, near Denver, made an agreement with United States Department of Agriculture officials to recall the beef that was used at the well-known plant, for "dozens of documented human and animal injuries." Iowa officials blamed "underground udder and backhoe use," a previously unknown condition, on 24 cows that died during a recent accident at the slaughterhouse in Bentonville, Missouri. In the Kansas City incident, Kansas-based Farmers Markets was using udder scoop cutters to unload cows from its feedlots, an idea promoted by some of the world's largest producers. In response, the Compound Feed and Fertilizer Corp. in Aurora, Colorado, agreed to withdraw its use of udder scooped from its feedlot, Cargill USA, and other cow farmer organizations. That agreement came as a close question of whether to issue a new recall. Should any additional beef be recalled? USDA's recall action is expected to be voluntary, but until an investigation is completed, it would be up to the producers to do so if they wanted to pull their animals from the recall. Crop growing companies are typically paid with a profit margin over six years, and the government has been monitoring crop levels for several months to see if the sales are increasing. The large grass-fed beef in this beef recall, like in many other cases of cheap beef, is distributed to consumers in the United States. This year, consumers can get a beef alternative for their next Thanksgiving: instead of beef, they can get vegetables or fruits, like ground beef, and sweet potatoes. A so-called byproduct, they are usually labeled with a cereal-like substance such as corn starch or a variety of baby formula, Medication-of-choice Pertivac or other prescription drugs. On the day before the food was to be recalled, a small number of people turned in tissue samples from cow mothers who had given their udder short-circuits, along with kidney stones or kidney failure. The meat in these case was made from the kidney of a cow with approximately one cow-weight of protein per pound in it, according to the USDA. The loose beef could enter the human food chain and affect workers or the general population. As it did in this case, both workers and the cow died in less than an hour of the matter. The cow had a good chance at life, according to the USDA, because kidney stones are "not uncommon" in its population and "this has little to do with a lack of knowledge of Udder Dipoles or intestinal tracts in particular," according to news reports.
(CNN) -- The Libyan government tried and failed to swap three captured Dutch military personnel for two Libyan Air Force jets whose pilots defected with their warplanes to the European island nation of Malta last month.|||A British jet pilot and an Austrian defected to Libya. The two jet crews for the Wright Brothers-controlled Hawker Hunter II, were apprehended by the government earlier this month while trying to flee to neighboring Syria, a rebel group which has begun to train fighters in the Arabian Peninsula and has a presence in the Mediterranean island nation of Ceylon. But a source close to the Libyan government said the international community has no authority to force a regime change. The British posted the flyers on its Web site on March 15. The pilots have not been returned and are set to have their duty years started. "The freedom of their assets is important to the entire Libyan people, which is why we are concerned when we hear the news about this and continue to observe. There are many more flights to make," Tafa Zamir, a spokesman for British Ambassador in Tripoli, said in a statement.
(CNN) -- With their magnificent puppets, Basil Jones and Adrian Kohler have been pushing theatergoers' experiences to new heights, casting a spell on audiences across the world.|||"In two decades, they have continued to transform a country with immense potential in the theater, and have a remarkable legacy, with the shows, the puppets, the filmmakers. "Dear Eugenie," by the Three Musketeers is a meticulously accomplished puppet telling a true story that gained international attention as it gripped global audiences with Jones, the filmmaker known for his incredible work, Noah in Ice Age movies, and The Tangled Web. "We like animals, not just everthing -- strange animals, people, fantastic characters. The greatest reward for these time-honored experiences would be to be able to create all these characters and to exploit them so they can be the characters of the new generation." In a tradition they have never shied away from, buying and developing new characters for the movies, the films, and television shows. "Those are the spots we reach in most and who cares what anyone thinks? People who want a comedy like this are very interested in it," James says. "There was a full-fledged commitment [to new work], so why not? "You don't really want to see what your audience sees. You want to know what they've experienced." The story of the face.
(CNN) -- Only 20 minutes so far? I can't keep sitting on this bike. It hurts. I'll just leave class and use the restroom. I don't need to go to the bathroom, but it will give my rear end a break. What if everyone stares at me? Oh no, now my toes are going numb!|||Given that 10-minute interval, I had this cloud of sniffly breath so thick I thought I was going to have to come down with it. It wasn't just the nose running or stuff I was throwing up, it was the sneezing. Yes, even my nose retching up hay. It hurts. I could have run three miles, but I don't want to miss Harvard's performance path (or the elective. I'm a very communicative person). What if I pull up to the top of a hill? But I just got back from a phone call. We'll have to pass, don't we? What if I collapse? Then why am I suddenly so?ared up? My head was pounding! My mouth was running too fast to get anything written down. What if everyone stares at me? Oh no, now my toes are going numb! I just don't have the energy to put effort into this. I'm done. I'll just leave class and use the restroom. At least there'll be none of those conversations. Where are my pants? Well, I don't have one anyway, and I'm not going anywhere anyway. I'm giving up the stupid exercise. I can't keep doing it for very long. I'll just go home, change my pants and do this in the morning. I will still exercise after school. I don't need to go to the bathroom, but it will give my rear end a break. And then I can ride up and down the stairs again, one more time. OK. So I set out on Monday to meet my friends and saw that this piece was a challenge. This take is taking its toll on my legs. 60 seconds off. Now I'm starting to feel a dull pain in my upper back. First leg, then arms, then my head. By the time I sit down, the muscles of my upper back and pelvis are really starting to crunch. I have to lean forward in order to extend my elbow and maybe have my head hit the ground. Phew, now I'm breathing more slowly than I want to. It was so hard to learn to ride in middle school that I brought almost all my clothes back home. Oh, and I'm probably really going to hit the wall today because I have never gotten off this bike in more than 30 years. After I have sat for three minutes, my whole left side will give out. I lost my grip on my feet -- no use feeling my foot outside the bike. I can't even lean forward to give my knees some type of leverage. I'm trying to fight my fear by using my arms to raise my leg. I really need to get back on the bike. I'll stay off of it for a minute. I know this isn't going to work. I'm sure I won't be able to walk again when I get home because I just won't be able to keep this up.
Greensboro, North Carolina (CNN) -- Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial Thursday, detailing hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by his former mistress, whose concealment during Edwards' failed presidential run remains at the heart of the scandal.|||According to a document from federal prosecutors, Edwards allowed Lene Long "to spend his time elsewhere in North Carolina for various uses and trips."The documents offer insight on Edwards' transition out of his Washington state home. They also detail a business venture that promised Edwards more than $5 million over four years, then took it for almost three years to materialize. Delaine Long made bank, giving campaign funds to several of Edwards' GOP rivals. Many of the ads featured phrases such as "Q, I can," "Q, Q, Q" and "Q, Q, Q." Long used her partial plume of hair, or freckles, as a calling card, the prosecutors said. He also was paid over $100,000 in a "consultation and examination business," according to a letter released in February. The documents indicate numerous oral and vocal exchanges between Lene Long and John Edwards. The prosecutors contend the medical connection grows because Edwards favored the near perfect health of his wife, and wanted to, according to the document. The prosecutor says that, in part, Edwards favors Penelope Perry for being "very short of the lips and clean of the teeth." Lene Long has denied all charges and has been granted immunity from prosecution, which she asked the judge for.
(EW.com) -- Guess we'll likely never find out what the Badlands were all about.|||The concept of this 2005 movie's soundtrack is inspired by Death to Dookie, the original 1977 BBC film version, but it's also influenced by the current format of the Sound of Music, by the one-hit wonders that you found in the American songbook a few years ago (from the soundtrack of David Bowie's "Wire.") As musical director Daniel LaRusso has indicated, he was developing this "concert metal"-inflected tune as his legacy -- a mix of Beatles, Miles Davis, Jethro Tull, Mötley Crüe, Sting, and Prince -- to go into the Badlands (somewhere in the West) in order to send the message that he wanted to take "bigger risks in life." David Bowie stood at the 1962 finale of the Apollo 11 mission as the president prepared to take off in orbit. "I'm gonna take a great risk by getting here and do something with this place ... Just to see what it's like. And the thing is: it's real. And it's hard to explain," said Daft Punk's bassist DeBarge in the music video. "It's just like shooting heroin." Mo'Nique, the Croaddick teen rocker, and bad-talking Twitter star, fell for the voodoo rap music from longtime assistant director Ted Akbar, the icon of the sweet and sweet rock and soul genre. Byron Boye voices Douglas, the voice actor behind Guns N' Roses' "Boogie Nights," and Mudder Makedusa's "Ridein in the Country," and the movie sounds exactly like the original version, featuring TV tunes by Cowboy Boots himself, Boogie Round. The Badlands is helmed by a Pumas University professor, Ray "Bendy" Stinnett, who had two stints as a War Department Ranger. See the picture: Going with the flow. Snyder directed and co-produced Badlands -- based on the Theodore Roosevelt National Park that inspired the 1941 film. It was his interpretation of the park which inspired the Washington Post article, "The Secret Battle of Badlands: three distinct and integral dark hints about the American military's inner wars that are revealing as threats grow more alarming and sinister." "This place is full of reminders of the dangers of so much our history, of places we've forgotten about." Editor's note: Jack Stockman wrote the text.
(EW.com ) -- NBC's "The Voice" switched to live shows for the first time this cycle on Monday night, but a chunk of viewers shrugged off the next phase of the hit reality competition series.|||(But it got a positive push: 17.5 million live audience watched) My sister, Emily, was all about the competition, half of whom said the judges feel like "they're cheating," with one even saying it was "totally not cheating." Desperately hoping for a give-away, they were thrilled to see this season's casting for the next round: the 18-episode final run of "The Voice: The Rivals" will officially be "The Carriers'" final season." Once the opening episode of the final season was over, one of the sponsors, NBC International, pulled in an estimated 7.4 million viewers. "The Voice: The Judges' Challenge" will air on October 3. See the rest of our Entertainment newsletters on EW's website. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Larry King Live."|||"I've got a fun week," McCartney said after sitting down with his long-time friend Starr to chat about their Sunday night shows. "I don't really speak that much (with him)," Starr said. They then sat down at the Governors Ball hotel for a warm-up event called "The Velveteen Rose," where they heard literary passages from writers past and present. All of it was delightful. McCartney said he came "into consciousness in 1969, and I was like, God, what have we done?" The Beatles got their start by doing what he calls "Holy Cross mashups, with Luther, with Harry Potter, with Cassey, with all the young country singers, and then the same thing with every little country. And one last thing that I want to remind you about," he said. McCartney was a hugely influential influence on pop music, particularly with its ability to be loud, to sing backbeat, to back beat a great vocal, and to use the tune with a bell choir. Back then, he was 30 years old. He appeared on the Beatles' self-titled album in 1977, and said it was a personal miracle. The band members got together in 1975 when Starr was 32 and the then drummer was 17. Two years later, the band formed the band The Who. On "The Jefferson Airplane" in 1975, McCartney became the first person since the tenth Wonder on the number one spot of Beatles history to sing and lead a solo. He then became associated with U2, helping to lead their first single for the band. McCartney said during the "U2" cover where he sings guitar solo to "Paradise Lost" that he's often asked about Jimmy Page -- and the notion that he means Jack Johnson. They've been in touch since, he added. "I've been in touch with Jimmy since, he's been so good for me over the years," McCartney said. "When I talk about Jesus, I talk about Johnny, and when he was listening to this album, he said that just on some of the first notes," he said. "And John did it." "So what does that tell you? That there's a master mind," Starr said. Lennon called Lennon an inspiration. "I don't want to put words into words," Lennon said, adding, "he's an incredible leader." "I don't want to imply that my admiration for him is misplaced. We have always been honored to work with him," McCartney said. "John was an extraordinary person. He works very hard at being great and he's a wonderful writer. What I will say is this: John is one of the greatest Beatles ever, I know for a fact. It's one of the greatest that I have ever known, but he's one of the greatest that ever lived."
(CNN) -- A Texas judge sentenced a Mexican drug gang leader to life in prison Thursday after he pleaded guilty to murder and weapons charges related to the killing of a U.S. consulate employee and her husband, officials said.|||A serial law-breaker known as "Mambo" for smuggling huge amounts of weapons into Mexico and for running an estimated $2 billion-a-year smuggling operation from the Gulf port of Corpus Christi to San Luis Potosí in the central part of Mexico, Ron Killiver, 39, was sentenced to 20 years for life. Killiver was taken into custody after his arrest while trying to escape from authorities Thursday morning at a roadside motel in Monterrey. He was arrested as he sat in a truck attempting to flee the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) on behalf of the Camionistos, the murderous drug cartel, federal authorities said. The judge who sentenced Killiver "did not have a lot of choice" but to give him the maximum two-year sentence, said Dallas County District Court Judge Irene Rubio, according to the U.S. Department of Justice. Killiver, a Mexican national born in Mexico, worked as a security guard for the Mexican Consulate in San Antonio for nearly a decade before being deported in 2007, which he spent five years away from the U.S. "A leader of this violent group was on the run a couple of weeks before he was arrested for robbing a parking garage," the DEA said. Killiver was a member of the Sinaloa Cartel, the United States' largest drug trafficking organization, the FBI said. He had been accused of kidnapping and killing the children of Colombian women who worked as prostitutes in Guatemala, according to the sheriff's department. In 2011, the FBI went to Mexico to interrogate gunmen working with a Sinaloa cartel member on a drug trafficking ring. Two of the gunmen, who had been hired by drivers to transport in large quantities, admitted to being members of the Sinaloa Cartel and worked with a cartel member who had been threatened with the death of his sister, the FBI said. The Mexican drug trafficking outfit declared the group on January 1, 2010, the FBI said. Prosecutors said they often discussed how to stop that organization, which had become a major focus of the federal law enforcement community in Mexico. Killiver was head of the Aravdi, the most potent drug trafficking cartel in the United States, the FBI said. The FBI said this was the deadliest drug and murder operation in Mexico. Through a Spanish translation, the sentence can be carried out only after a Mexican judge subjects it to the conditions of its life sentence, FBI spokesman Robert Nardo said.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. This video contains vivid images depicting extremely graphic violence.|||The following videos are not representative of the video collection or web site content that VICE produces; they are the product of the collaboration of VICE and its Web site. The video collection comes from an anonymous user who submitted their own video submissions to VICE -- including videos from VICE's Web site. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. "Most recently, VICE has published yet another report on our website that we felt warranted inclusion here on CNN.com," says the site's Humanitarian Insider. "An entire month has gone by with videos of disturbing and/or disturbing subjects being produced for both the [VICE] Web site and our own websites. We decided that with this collection of some of our favorites, which we added a couple of weeks back, we needed a framework to show our viewers that the site is completely honest, fair, and current. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers." Please note that graphic images have appeared in certain of the videos posted on CNN.com or on this page. Nudity is an explicit use of color in the pictures on CNN.com or other visual sites, and is not expressly prohibited. The site also warns of "nudity at the top of your videos" and indicates that, in some cases, there could be a potential conflict between a permissible use of color and a permissible use of the word in the site that you are viewing. Also note: There is a ban on images that are titled "XXX." "Sorry to share," says "x" above the video title, "italicized." "X" indicates a graphic image of a sexual act. Recommendation: Do not view. Video contains an explicit use of the word "x," which is defined by "XXX" or "us." Please Note: The site's video collections may contain minor levels of nudity and sexual content. Explore our guide to how to navigate the sites we use and ask any or all of our websites and Web sites to share their viewing guidelines. We recommend that you do not watch the videos posted on CNN.com or CNN.com if you do not wish to view them. The following videos are included with this story. (Subjection: graphic images posted on CNN.com or CNN.com may not be suitable for all viewers.) Make sure your children are watching with an adult and turn off all computer speakers. The video is rated R, for extremely graphic images, nudity and mature themes. Click here to view this video on a mobile device. This video contains vivid images depicting extremely graphic violence.
Honolulu (CNN) -- President Barack Obama has now done what every president since Franklin D. Roosevelt has done -- visited the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii.|||Obama visits memorial for fallen service members. (C) Obama sitting next to The late Marlon Brando. Marlon Brando was transferred to the National Museum of American History after his family was raided in February for being "mentally ill." (I.) - Newsom, the head of the National Park Service, told reporters the shooting at the November 2001 bombing was committed by Dana Loesch, a mentally ill, former Army captain who was accused of terrorism. He said he believes Brando killed himself. "My concern is that he is taking his own life," he said, adding that a friend has helped President Barack Obama with a fundraiser to help mend fences. Brando, 85, of Long Beach, California, was friendly with Obama. "After this meeting," Brando said, "I think you are going to see a wonderful sense of honor and love. I appreciate that you are visiting the Memorial's memorial." Brando's mother said to Obama that, for them, it was a favorite moment. "You moved our children. You taught our children, who had become veterans of the war, how to respect their country," Brando said. The mother of Adolph Zukor told CNN her son was sad to see him leave the memorial. "As you can see in the picture there, you have a good memory, and you've got to appreciate something that is a beautiful place and, hopefully, something that's going to live on with history," Brando said. She said Obama was more than happy to sit with his family, talking about his experiences in the military, as well as the wars fought during World War II. "I am most grateful that he came. I know what it's like to have fallen in combat and where he was deployed and having to fight on different forces on different countries," Brando said. Also on Friday, Obama paid tribute to those in the military who fought on the USS Arizona in Pearl Harbor, where more than 1,400 people died in a March 7, 1941 attack, that began a bloodbath before it was stopped by the U.S. Navy. CNN's Tom Winter contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In the early days of the Web, the mantra "information wants to be free" made the rounds. In music circles now, "music wants to be shared" seems to be the idea.|||The top tunes sold recently at an online music gallery in New York City and digital music albums that aren't in their own albums were submitted for sale in search queries by fans interested in them or those already interested. The responses ranged from "I can't believe they're trying this," to "I can't believe there's an A/B test -- and if I was her, I would have an A/B test," to "I would be a human being." You can request to be added to any Google search results, or to watch on a mobile device. There are also blogs and videos available to help a music fan search for top sellers, and find albums online. Through some listings, links to a track and a photography album are included. In addition to the property being auctioned off on the Web, items can also be sorted and placed on auction lots by prevailing interest groups, such as an art auction service for vinyl. "I recommend showing your work to friends as you see it," a review of a vintage vinyl painting says, though it's important to note it cannot authenticate work. Some top musical-related results are listed at auctions. iO Music is a continuing Web trend that's going big, while for many it's an addiction. Other sites in the category, including eBay, offer a viewing and submission service for buying albums and the like. And, some have programs that process feedback and build consensus to distribute music into new albums, and other products that include secondary sales. I like that fun part. A reader of this site, "Anna" from Hawthorne, Pennsylvania, discovered iO Music in 2001 and decided that she'd like to contribute on the site. She is now the managing director of a music publishing company. Her team produces albums, flash drives, music videos and other media. For example, iO Music said in a release recently that it hopes to move into a completely new product category within "two to three years." In the meantime, her staff has been working on a portion of the business. "I am not looking to take on any major companies and add prices but rather to manage relationships with people and their businesses," she said.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Three suicide car bombs were used to target a joint U.S.-Afghan base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday in an attack that left at least three Afghan soldiers and two civilians dead, officials said.|||The soldiers and civilians were inside the base when the suicide car bombs exploded, according to the head of the Kabul Operations Center, Bijar Dagar Khan. Afghan, NATO and insurgent commanders agreed to make civilian casualties part of their target for insurgent operations in the country's most dangerous province. The area is "in the heart of Taliban's heartland," said Mir Salehullah Hafizili, the provincial head of the Ministry of Social Development. "This explosion happened around 6:00 p.m. (4:00 a.m. Sunday) in the tribal area of Paktia, not far from Bijar Dagar." The base was next to a general's residence in the Peshawar district of Farah province, where U.S. troops initially had not been deployed. The Pakistani outpost opened last month. More than 300 American troops were at the base when the attack occurred, a U.S. defense official said. "This shows how aggressive the U.S. is in our campaign against the Taliban and ISIS," another defense official said. In a statement issued in English, Taliban spokesman Maj. Gen. Omar Zalmay Khalilzad said the blast that struck the base was caused by five suicide attackers. He was referring to the ongoing use of explosives in connection with the insurgency. The unit was scheduled to end its offensive at the time. In March, a NATO spokesman told CNN the United States will withdraw from Afghanistan in 2011. In February, Afghan President Hamid Karzai announced he would seek an amnesty for insurgents in a speech in London. Karzai and his running mate, Juma Maroof, won the election in January. The president won both the presidential and parliamentary elections in Afghanistan, although both are hesitant about running for office in a third term. Karzai is facing a challenge in the Oct. 3 vote in his home province of Helmand. CNN's Jill Abramson and Joshua Cordes contributed to this report.
CABANATUAN CITY, Philippines (CNN) -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday, killing three people, according to local media.|||Palmater death toll.
(CNN) -- Wales coach Warren Gatland considered faking an injury to one of his players during Saturday's 9-8 Rugby World Cup semifinal defeat to France, the New Zealand-born coach revealed at a press conference Tuesday.|||During Sunday's draw in Moscow, Gatland was accused by a team of sabotage by his players after one of the number ten's injured hip picked up in the match. He denied the allegations in a statement on the RFU website, and later admitted "my whole group is fully guilty of cheating." 'We played really well' so put France in trouble, Gatland said. "They are the best team in the World. It was a great performance by all of us; they were doing a fantastic job of getting the ball forward and scoring tries. We just couldn't cut it at the end." He added that his team thought they had conspired to murder one of the referees by making two of the scrum breakdowns which were clearly from the official rule book. In the match, Wales received a yellow card for handballing a penalty but the Referee ruled the kick had taken place. There have been calls for Wales to apply stricter "gotcha" rules to Refes' actions after last weekend's win against France. A number of teams have been under pressure by referees' intervention, including Portugal, France, Italy and Uruguay. Gatland took to the interview stage, looking completely shocked, and said: "I thought about bowling the one on my leg after the referee had told me he was going to hand the ball over." Referee Neil Powell himself publicly blamed Britain's Richard Addison, who is infamously known as "Bull" by the reds. Two world titles later, Gatland lamented their failure to produce better, mid-game, 15-point performances and criticized referee Jones for his handling of Saturday's match. The Welsh coach then spoke about the players' "disappointing performance" at Saturday's quarterfinal. "We went to meet our players around 1230am and they took a bad turn as we went up the pitch," he said. "We all spoke to each other and we talked and we worked on it over night and we thought about it a lot. "In the end we all said we didn't want it to be a huge blow but we managed to come through." "Everybody in the team is genuinely disappointed, everyone in the team are deeply disappointed we lost." Gatland admitted he had paid players a compliment before taking the field at Twickenham, "but deeply disappointed we didn't come out on top, not one," he added. He says Wales were double-digit underdogs against the French, who blew the hosts away to win their first World Cup match, and that he is dedicating his life to seeking out and helping other wounded players. "I'm so excited about this chance to help more wounded teams." Wales fielded four spears during the match against Vietnam, and both Josh Adams and Michele Campagnaro suffered line-outs. Video analysis: Six of the World Cup final matches -- from 1968 to 2000. Read: Vietnam's last win was in 1980. Read: As Germany's Schapcap accepts defeat.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- A fluffy white polar bear cub that has captured German hearts is making her first public appearance Tuesday at the Nuremberg City Zoo.|||Red was born in a zoo in Stade district, western Germany, in July. She was spotted by a zoo animal advocate at a shopping mall, helped to walk to the zoo and later began a 19-day rehabilitation program at the Zoological Association and Crisis Response Unit camp. "Red Ice" has grown into a gaunt white adult bear, slowly eating her way into the enclosure. Her cries of "paleo," "molar bear" and "brown bear" sent jubilant supporters over the Atlantic. Rare disease caused the aggressive movement of her baby to the next enclosure -- big but quite close to her own in the grass -- and other denizens were already calling her "Red Ice." She has had to stay in the environment for days while her condition improved. "The stress of her being away from her family and her new habitat conditions, including including a lot of lambs and small babies, forced her to undergo intensive rehabilitation," said the zoo in a statement. The zoo's publicity officer did not know when she would be released. "The injury from her attack in the hospital has not yet been removed," the statement said. "Red Ice has a mild condition and is controlled, evaluated daily by the animal therapy staff and a specially trained handler." The zoo said she is in good health, undergoing care. An initial assessment in July showed that she has been staying with her carers for at least a week. Dog and cat therapy has been provided and the facility is housing a group of mice. The zoo has hired vets to treat the animals. The animals will be taken to a hospital, then flown to their second home at the airport -- about an hour away. The zoo says the animals could be moved back and forth between the airport and their home for a few months. CNN's Mike Wallace and Mike Granner contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A brown bear and her cub mauled a group of teenage boys deep in the Alaskan wilderness, forcing rescuers to scramble early Sunday to help the injured.|||The attack started at about 9 p.m. outside the town of Barker Glacier near the state capitol.  See more. Rep. Jim Hansen said rescuers found two adult bears alive inside a building. One bear was in a female state, with one cub. The second bear was probably female, Hansen said. "We were running out of bears at that point, and we thought there might be more of them hiding out," the Alaskan National Park Commission's Mike MacLean said. Although the group had been dispatched by an earlier professional team, the group was hiking alone and traveling without guides. The private charter guide company that coordinated the rescue said in a news release it was "encouraged to share this incident in the hope that it will help the rescuers in the future." The bear escaped around 1:30 a.m. and became separated from its first cub shortly afterward. "This was the first real sighting of a bear in Alaska," said Oni/Beltrea Highlands National Park spokesman Johnny Sovan. "With some wild-looking lights, we were able to determine that this was a female." Camp Bear, based in Yukon-Koyukukut, is part of a Bushmen's Union mountaineering network in the region designed to help reduce the risk of bush bear attacks. Killing a bear is illegal, according to a Yukon-Koyukut wilderness law. Harried rescuers moved to the scene as a woman entered through a bar, leaving the bear trapped and unable to free the cub. She was treated by Harby early Sunday morning at the Anchorage Zoo, where she was released. The bear, named Tantalus, returned to her cub Sunday evening, authorities said. "Trauma is ongoing to the male cub and himself," but no one was seriously hurt, the sheriff said in a news release. According to CBC News, Martin Deacon, 23, of Aklan, Alaska, was one of two men who were injured. Staff members from the Hunter's Log Cabin, a hunting organization, were helping with the rescue, but may not be able to enter the bear's den until Monday, when they should be aware of it, Oni/Beltrea Highlands National Park and Regional said in a release. In the U.S. there is no law requiring permits to hunt bear.
(CNN) -- David Villa came to Spain's rescue again to put the European champions into the World Cup semifinals for the first time with a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Paraguay in Johannesburg on Saturday night as both teams missed a penalty.|||The World Cup had its hottest scoreline in any major international tournament since 1960 with Spain's Didier Deschamps seeking a second straight home win and conceding a penalty. David Villa added the consolation goal at the end of an inspired display by Cristian Perez and Ricardo Quaresma to put the European champions through to the last eight for the first time in 19 years. If Perez was top scorer again in a combined team effort, the performances in midfield would have done them proud. But Quaresma's free-kick was blocked by Tomas Almiron, and his header was blocked by Ricardo Ferreira. But the Argentine then shot past goalkeeper Sergio Romero in the opening minutes to force the penalty spot. Rodriguez scored from the spot after a corner from Pinto Argulo. The second penalty fell to Pablo Iniesta. He tried to shoot from 20 meters after Alonso had broken away from his defender. But referee Dermot Radosavljevic handed Villa another penalty with six minutes to go. The defender duly sent the ball into the net from the spot as both teams missed penalties. Seventy minutes into the second half van Getzic leveled for Chile. In the fourth minute, Luis Henrique was shown yellow after a slight handball by striker Ignacio Crocivaldi, after which Paraguay tried to hit back with a right-footed shot. But a despairing television ban and questioning from goalkeeper Ruy Torres left the youngster with no chance. "Congratulations to David Villa and the team for this fantastic achievement," Dutch national team coach Johan Cruyff told reporters. "They deserve to be in the World Cup semifinals after having a wonderful campaign and superb play from Pinto. We're all very pleased for the group. In the second half we mustn't set our backs too low. As soon as we score like this we have to protect the lead and not worry about who we are in front of in the second half." "It is not a perfect side, but it is one that has progressed so far. It is something we should all be very happy about," Cruyff said. "But we will always remember the fact that we nearly went through to the World Cup final when we failed to play that great game and after conceding the first goal we came back hard for the equalizer and on the hour mark we got it." Villa was well ahead of the game to set up Las Palmas' Carlos Vieira to score when he drove through the area. Costa Rica heroics helped Europe complete the victory. Coach Mourinho sent Portugal to another semifinal after saving from Portuguese goalkeeper Fernando Torres in the first half -- and Portuguese international goalkeeper Fernando Vinicius in the 56th minute after a mistake from Luka Modric. The battle in front of Melbourne took 40 minutes with two goals from Luka Milivojevic, while three between France's Francesco Bromini and England's Edinson Cavani, but it was only a draw. It means Spain can travel to Melbourne for their last-eight clash with Australia on November 8. In the other semifinal between Australia and New Zealand on November 15, Argentina hosts Italy in their final World Cup qualifier. Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo and Fernando Torres to put Spain in semifinals.
(CNN) -- For a man dubbed "The Big Easy," Ernie Els isn't putting his feet up anytime soon.|||The 43-year-old played nearly 50 rounds as part of last season's LPGA Tour Champions season before taking a week off, missing out on a record-tying 60 cuts. Els missed the cut at the 2008 Masters where he tied for 18th with seven of his opening 16 rounds and a bogey on the seventh -- his worst in 14 years. The 37th-ranked Els, who is widely considered to be peaking for golf's magic touch of cutting through conditions with his explosive drives, is returning to the tour after missing the cut at his last two events this season. Mr Els has had a quiet summer, though has taken a tour of North and South Carolina, playing on the PGA's Champions Tour circuit. The 20-time major champion continued his unbeaten run over the last 24 months with a pair of third-place finishes in the Montreux Golf Classic in South Louisiana and the Joe Louis Open in Moncton, Louisiana. However the Texan began his recovery by saying that he was as sore as he has ever been. "I'm using much stronger clubs this year," Els told CNN Golf Channel. "It's tough out there. The greens are on par. The greens seem very tough out there. I'm struggling on the greens around here." Els's retirement comes days after he was awarded the golf industry's Michael James Agnes Leadership Award, just two weeks after claiming the inaugural Ladies Open won by former French Open winner Julian Suri. His endorsement was coveted by many golf fans from all over the world. Two years ago, the tournament hosted the 21st Ryder Cup. South Africa, boasting 36 major champions, and the United States, beaten Russia by the final hole. "I am just competing in what has been a great tournament -- 67 par after 72 holes," Els told CNN. "Today I have just got back in the saddle and I am ready to go." After winning the $800,000 Solheim Cup last year, Els shared first-round lead with fellow world No. 1 Scott McEnroe of Scotland. The British Open was won by fellow Swede Jozef Kovalik, and both Americans are set to be in the final after a weekend featuring a round-and-a-half of qualifying. Thursday also offered a new twist in the Rising Star's Development Challenge, taking place in London. The tournament will culminate at Olympia Fields on June 22. One of the co-hosts will play alongside the well-known golf professional, Greg Norman, who has won a series of tournaments in the South and East Coast. A handful of golfers will be making their rounds as well, starting with 19-year-old Christophe Olivier of France, the youngest golfer of all time in terms of age at the age of 19, who shot a 72 in the final round of last year's French Open. And there is another local personality to be monitored. "Maybe we will have the best crowd ever for the Final Four, which is open to the best of the best," Lionel Bastian, a 36-year-old former professional player from St. Albertville, said. Fifth-ranked Ben Martin, the 2008 Amateur champion, and American Roger Noble won the event with a 65. With eight holes remaining, the leading players could clinch the last four.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court has blocked the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders who have served their federal sentences after the Obama administration claimed many of them remain "sexually dangerous."|||In September, the high court denied a Supreme Court petition seeking an end to a deferred federal prison sentence imposed on dozens of sex offenders and just four others who have served their federal sentences, saying it would force the government to calculate the possibility of re-entry. But the justices' surprise ruling Monday is an end of the extraordinary legal maneuverry with which such proceedings are normally handled. Last year, the court struck down a lower court order barring the Department of Justice from releasing a series of sex offenders based on their past offenses. The administration had argued that the policy risks re-incarcerating sex offenders, though experts have said their chances of re-arrest are slim. Some of the action Monday afternoon was a reversal of an earlier court decision that lifted the lower court's stay in the hold on one case involving Jon Noble, a Colorado, man whose court case also involved second sex offenders. In that case, more than 300 sex offenders living in the Central District of California appealed on the grounds that conditions of their sentences applied to their sex crimes, not their past crimes. The lower court then ruled that the DA cannot take into account that the felony convictions, filed in a separate case, involved offenses that took place during a gap of more than a year between when their original trial date and when their sentence was imposed. "That interim delay is a real and serious violation of the Fifth Amendment, as D.A. Davis and his staff documented in evidentiary statements," wrote Judge M. Franklin Carr in an opening to the court's opinions. "According to the statute, there are four conditions of remand that may include allowing (the) release of the sexual offender, enacting a ban on rehabilitation or other such restriction, or time-consuming reporting requirements to federal officials to accommodate any other potential modification to the definition of a sex offender. All of those stipulations are operative in connection with the challenge Davis' federal conviction in the first case." Texas, which joined Virginia in bringing the appeal, maintains that its inmates "remain dangerous due to past sexual offenses and as juveniles," while the State argues there's no such general obligation. Gov. Chris Christie and state officials disagree, saying most of them are fully capable of re-entering society. Calvary Hospitals and Children's Hospital in Fort Worth filed an emergency petition, which succeeded in getting a decision in its favor, saying an injury was sufficient for involuntary treatment for 25 decades.
(CNN) -- Two former World Cup champions have already crashed out of contention for this year's trophy, and a third one will join them on Tuesday.|||M had an early exit as he was shaken up by a cricketer's shoulder injury that required 12 stitches, and followed his meeting with TV crew Ricardo Gisellele. Meanwhile, former World Cup winner Cristiano Ronaldo departed through a similar injury after losing 2-1 at home to Cameroon. Meanwhile, his compatriots also exited with a shock 1-0 defeat at Real Madrid to suffer a further setback in their quest to retain the cup. After finishing third in the group, the New Zealanders -- who had looked like being title favorites -- suffered the sort of defeat that limited them to the quarterfinals of the group stages a year ago. And once they went out, all three titles' holders were tied on 23 points at the halfway point of this year's tournament. But now, who will end the tournament in third place? The shots taken in four games, which so far have measured only half a fifth of the real goal scoring margin, led to pressure on coach Milos Veljkovic's side to ensure they could make it into the semifinals.
(CNN) -- The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a car in July has been charged with criminally negligent homicide, according to police in Connecticut.|||Richardson, 20, of Butler was arrested Monday evening by Trooper Robert A. Macarella and from his home in Mountain Hill, Lt. Kevin C. "Peter" Messersmith said in a news conference. It was not immediately known whether Richard Richardson has a lawyer. Police have been conducting interviews with Rigby Richardson, 22, his wife Jo Ann Gardner and friends since the death of his infant son, Noah. Grossmans was charged with criminally negligent homicide, along with 11 counts of injury to an infant, a death under investigation and 11 counts of interfering with a memorial. The bench trial began in early September and extended past that. A grand jury will decide on the motions before it reaches a verdict on the charges. "It's a tragic end," Francis Davis, head of the New Haven Police Department, told CNN. "We are very disappointed." The hospital where Noah was taken after the accident remains closed. McMahon told reporters Tuesday that his department is investigating. "We're waiting for the morgue report," he said. Beck Dorssey, 33, is Grace Dorsey's nephew, Adams told CNN's Donovan Baldacci. "He said my little family and I, which is a lot of guys, we were really not too surprised by this," he said. The brother of 7-year-old Maddox Dorsey told reporters that his nephew will never know his father. "There was just nowhere else for Maddox to go," Donovan said. Authorities have not said what caused the heat to rise to the outside temperature in the morning on the day that Hayes was found. "I still don't understand what happened to Maddox and little Noah," Miller said. "We are just not quite sure what happened." Memorial for Noah Gibson has since been moved to a nearby public memorial.
(CNN) -- Two of Europe's smaller clubs got lucky on Friday following match-fixing sanctions imposed on Turkish teams.|||Turkish duo play tonight's Champions League clash against a team from Turkey in Paris. The Paris St Germain-based team plays an opponent from Azerbaijan, hosts of the Europa League in Paris, following a New Year's Day case involving the alleged match fixing at Aris Bektas of Istanbul, who is banned from participating. Heirs midfielder Idris Ozbilga told CNN he was told after the hearing that the Turkish football association had charged two teams but denied that they committed any wrongdoing. Two clubs have been suspended from competing in the Turkish league since larsen at the end of April, while Everton also has two days off. According to UEFA, as many as 53,000 Turkish fans are registered to watch the match in France and that should raise the European average to about 7.2. The ethics tribunal also fined Aris Bektas 14,800 Turkish lira ($1.2 million) for helping Ozbilga set the winning goal in the second half of the game last month. They are currently third in the Turkish football league table, with 22 points. With four points, they are third in the Turkish Cup, while the Netherlands side have six, with five points, allowing them to join Aris Bektas who currently leads the European Premier League, the Champions League and the Europa League. Heirs faces the Turkish national team at home on Monday, with another guarantee that Bektas will not participate in the league. Swedish club Kompas Naled earned an additional 10,000 lira ($2.3) in post-Christmas bonuses after their midweek match against Sporting KC, while Ike Province amassed a six-figure sum of €600,000 ($700,000). Wenger was also awarded a new UEFA Cup ticket, from which he's expected to bid for Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League ticket after the tournament concludes in June.
(CNN) -- A series of U.S. diplomatic cables from early this year directly accused Syria of supplying advanced weaponry, including SCUD ballistic missiles, to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon.|||The cables posted to Wikileaks and public on the web show U.S. and U.N. officials detailed a plan for the Syrian government to send a chemical weapons stockpile to Hezbollah in Lebanon in exchange for safe passage for the rockets, weapons and ammunition, which the United States said would be used in the fight against Syria. The documents, housed in Central Intelligence Agency file, pointed to a secret document dated August 23 that classified information to American leadership that Syrian intelligence officers had gathered about chemical weapon capabilities by al Qaeda and Al Qaeda. "Syrian commandos from al Qaeda, AQ, and other groups in al-Manar [Lebanon] have been seen in reconnaissance flights on surveillance of al-Assad regime forces in al-Manar [Zabayr] and in the area of Tartous," reads the cable published Monday. Syria is positioned to be the fifth state in conflict with the United States, the United States, the European Union and Israel -- because of its proximity to key southern and eastern targets, including the capital, Damascus, and the strategic sites in Homs, Raqqa and Shebaa. The United States had demanded that the Syrian regime release the DNA of alleged poison gas victims, the International Commission of Inquiry on Syria (ICICOM) concluded in July, which later rejected the claim. One report from the ICICOM concluded that the key suspect is Syrian General Staff Gen. Qassim Ayoub al-Mousavi, and his aides have a military chemical weapons capability. "It is not in our interest for Assad's regime to fail. Whatever his government might manage to do with Al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula and ISIS, we will continue to push for the elimination of all terrorist groups and the use of chemical weapons to inflict maximum harm on populations throughout the entire region," the cable states.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday she is "praying" that President Bush has a change of heart and does not veto a bipartisan children's health insurance bill that he has labeled an unwarranted expansion of government-run health insurance.|||"We passed the bill with bipartisan support, and have done all we can to convince the president not to veto it," Pelosi said in a weekly online broadcast. "If we change his mind now and do no more, it would be a shameful stain on the legacy of our country that this work is undone." Pelosi's comments come as the White House has conducted a national "class" led pushback against the bill. "If the president does not sign it, it would hurt our kids," said spokesman Peter Cook, who argued in a statement to CNN that "this president won't tolerate a government takeover of families. We will defeat him to protect our kids' health care." The White House's pushback against the bill comes as House Democrats begin searching for a replacement. A primary election deadline of July 1 to fill the 150-seat House comes on September 15.
(CNN) -- Call it a political "fumble."|||Yesterday in the six-caucus battle for the nomination to be the Democratic presidential nominee in 2012, a man nicknamed chicken provided advice to Hillary Clinton, who was hotly engaged in a heated debate with President Barack Obama in Kansas City, Missouri. According to insiders, the man named Jim Casey got some unexpected support from the Democrats and Republicans. After taking some awkward endorsements from plenty of GOP presidential candidates, Clinton could run for reelection in 2014 against neither Mitt Romney or former Oklahoma Gov. Mike Perdue. Although Chris Coons said Monday that his campaign isn't paying attention to the chicken challenge, he criticized the aide for what he called a "historic fumble." "I think that this guy was chicken and had no plan," Casey said. In 2010, Casey received a whopping $31.5 million from 58 Republicans in eight Senate races. But that didn't stop him from taking a big hit from Hillary Clinton. True, he added, it does take support from some Republicans. But voters have made a habit of buying into those big-name candidates' appearances, Casey said. Over the weekend, he also said that he's determined to keep winning because "any single one of us who is a leader at this table can get through to the American people." So, Casey gave a message to the tea party faithful and other would-be reformers that "people are going to make clear." "If you take away these advantages from your f--king opponents or anyone in the opposition, you are not one of us, and you are not moving to change, nor are you moving in the direction of reform." About 18 million Romney backers voted to expand the franchise in 2004, a 24 percent increase from two years earlier, Casey said.
(CNN) -- The King is dead -- or so they say, even though his original crypt is empty.|||Our prayers have been answered for King George VI. Pope John Paul II has accepted his body, and the Episcopal Church has decided the 98-year-old "firstborn" of the Catholic Church in Rome and King Francis Columba is dead. Priests and family have mourned with them, says Cmdr. Ronald Coolman, head of Bishop Wright's Catholic Cemetery, who took part in the body-dumping. They are receiving contributions to the Dover, Ohio, burial mass site, and water is being added to the headstone, Coolman said. Someone in the group helped paint the headstone. Although his death marks his burial, the markings on his grave say he was beheaded in 1880 by his father, King Philip IV. The body is near the burials of Queen Ann and other relatives. A covered cross holds his remains. The opening statement described the last few days. See the slideshow of events that matter.
(CNN) -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's attempt to spread the festive cheer turned into a turkey after social media users mocked his new Christmas card.|||Twitter, shocked and upset, wrote, "@tomblair Please pull your nasty Christmas card. http://www.twitter.com/tomblair/status/1m096533979821220. @BBC_News: @bbcUK.com/new-letters/ Read on." "Don't send some old turkey. Re: Christmas card's 'twinning' message of thanks to a famous guest," tweeted Twitter user Nick Laney. "What a shame." Small, slim and funny. Similarly angry, Clinton friend Christopher Smith sent another tweet, asking: "What kind of Christmas card does he send at all?" And, "Hurry up and make him a turkey card. Set the date like December 16." Former presidential hopeful Phil Jackson echoed his colleague's thinking on social media, thanking Blair's spokesman for releasing the Christmas card late Wednesday night. "Thank you to everyone who celebrated with us," the actor tweeted in a message to the ex-prime minister. "What a great gesture. Yes I will be sending it out again. ... What are you doing b****?" -- a post that trended in some of the world's biggest social media networks. The image received more than 80,000 likes on Thursday and dozens of other "likes." All the "likes" were in response to a tweet from Tricia Taylor. The former Conservative Party leader was using her Twitter account to joke about being in the photo shoot for his recent new book, "Hits & Misses," when she sent the photo, the first to go viral after the initial share, to ask who she was comparing herself to and give advice on what to get. "We loved your characters and hope you would like to get to know and get to know me. If you are not, don't bother. I will delete it. Keep on talking!" she responded. "Anyway, Tim, you did great and don't forget my gift was from me. You made me a Christmas card which is something very precious in my heart. Thanks for taking the time to make it." She then Tweeted: "Talk to @ToryBowle who took care of your my holiday card. This one's by Mr. Blair. Watch for yourself, his children. #TeamTony." Facebook mocked the idea. 'Tweets are worth a lot and shouldn't be wasted. #NowAlert' -- added Twitter user Nkry. Bennett Bourdeen reported on CNN's "All Politics and Norah O'Donnell" on Thursday. "Blessed America and its President @nkry31 must be working really hard to keep all their chicks so deserving and is happy he selected her for the job," he tweeted. CNN's Laura Johnson and Kayla Dougan contributed to this report. CNN's Hannah Kaplan contributed to this report.
More than two decades after the death of the systematic racial discrimination policy of apartheid, a community living southeast of South Africa's capital Pretoria is being accused of trying to keep its racist ideals alive.|||More than 70 years after the end of Apartheid, the people of Delafontswalase in the Free State are on the verge of becoming a major dividing line. As racially charged as it has become, the scene of the demonstrations has been moved from an otherwise peaceful week to an increasingly tense environment. Lebedzi Sebunda, a member of the revolutionary movement that started in June 1994 to resist the white minority regime, has stepped forward, saying he wants to defend the dying legacy of Apartheid. He told CNN he will continue to try to rally the betterment of his community "to continue working as opposed to the higher aims of racism and colonisation." The other activist he claims is Albert Abraham said he is tired of accusing Sebunda of his community of spitting and throwing stones at police. "We work very closely with the police and with the state to help them deal with these situations," he told CNN. "But [Sebunda] is also very aware that some of us believe that the violence in southern Africa is bad and he is so vocal about it." According to authorities, a knife incident this month occurred near one of the group's shelters. They say the violence was to disperse a group in a violent attempt to continue spreading anti-white violence on two university campuses. Investigators have concluded that the incident was not racially motivated. In June, a domestic violence case was filed against an alleged student who said her community was being held to a high standard of racism on campus. Raj Hada, a former South African judge who became best known as the pen name Smethlyn Joy, had been connected to the crimes committed by apartheid police officials. He was convicted in 1995 on nine counts, including murder and murder-for-hire.
YUZHNO-SAKHALINSK, Russia (Reuters) -- A brown bear killed a tourist camping on an island off Russia's Far East coast on Thursday and was then shot by fellow campers, local police said.|||Police say the bear was attacking kayaking tourists who were preparing for a three-week trip to Olga Krai, a resort in the Sea of Okhotsk. In a statement, regional police quoted chief Vladimir Prudzomaryan, who said it was confirmed that "the bear killed a man on the island of Lapukhin, close to a manmade island." Prudzomaryan said the bear has been identified as Edwyn Khlubok. The tourist died after being attacked and taken to a hospital, he added. He was from British Columbia and was coming from a tourist region in northern Russia, his daughter said. Russian media have reported reports that a bear attacked tourists in Russia's nearby Voronezh region in August. A 2012 attack in eastern Russia killed three tourists on Minsk-Kiev and did not harm any of the hikers or the visitors, according to the Russian news agency Tass. The cabin they left behind is near a hunting camp and police there said a bear could be heard attacking the campers. Swedish hikers and campers were rescued from the scene, and a Chinese website reported that two men were killed in another bear attack in Nalchaya, in the Kaluga Region. Britain and China have banned tourism to Okostyanka province and call it a remote area. Photo: Wikimedia Commons.
Tom Hanks has revealed that he has been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes.|||Tom Hanks, a true "kind man" who became president and who was nominated for another presidential term in 2008, has announced that he's been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. (Matt Smith/AP) Bill Cosby, Jay Leno, Obama: What allegations?
(CNN)The videos taken by citizens of Paris during Wednesday's attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo indicate significant training on the part of terrorists. Here are some things any military professional would observe:.|||The video clips on YouTube -- 1,420 in all -- are from the Paris attacks. With a few exceptions, they show a clear change from 2011 in France. Videos were released on YouTube by Canadian radicals who have killed two police officers and a man in Montreal last week. The ISIS-inspired attacks on the French media target victims who are not government employees and target victims of extremist groups. The sites are clearly that terrorists prefer to attack universities, political venues and service centers. The different actions of terrorists at different sites "are a threat to our values and security," military expert Michael Saunders told CNN Wednesday. "The targets have symbolic value ... rather than national security value ... building a defense will be the only way to keep the French security forces and the French public safe." "Today we are witnessing the terror that happened at the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris (and can be tracked back in time to 2011)." The calm, detailed and comprehensive model is exactly the target of terrorist attacks, he said. Facebook also provides a clever monitoring tool for terrorists. "Charlie Hebdo was a one-man makeshift resistance unit. Compulsory protocols and design for the group to live in conformity with the orders of the terrorists are already being used, which reinforces the sense of disunity and inefficiency among members and members of the general public. "There are elements that were deemed unfair, lacking in local tactical awareness or use. Moreover, because the deceased were missing, the security camera security apparatus quickly switched on to another site showing the shooting, as if for the first time. There was video that was caught on the television station's camera, and apparently made by the suspect's phone." There was also video indicating the shooting by the French National Police also took place, with lax or negligent police tactics. "Or the snipers had gone into place... they went into position and nobody was shooting at them." Police shootings of lone-footers and ambushes? These are in the past; perhaps they're changing because they see something going on that they can't exploit. " The violence became a social norm that was achieving a lot of resistance to the murderous ideology," Saunders said. "That has now swelled to killing of security personnel, as the tragedy has swelled to the site of our life and death. During a very sensitive period for our society, the media also has to make these mistakes, including the coverage of police shootings." But since the conflict in Syria and the support of the moderate Islamists living in the EU nations that they use to help refugees in their war on terror has subsided, the simple compassion of French society may contribute to its denouement. It is more likely to be recognized as a decisive factor in the growing strength of the Islamist movement, taking into account the attention that international solidarity is already showing in Western countries. "Humanitarian solidarity will likely grow further in the months and years ahead," the government of Belgium said in a statement late Wednesday. Along with other humanitarian solidarity hubs -- like Paris -- broader international solidarity is also taking shape. That requires swift action by governments and unelected unions.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal will face longtime rival Roger Federer in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters on Saturday in a rematch of the event's past two title matches.|||Federer will attempt to extend his remarkable run of six successive grand slam Masters titles when he takes on Nadal. Nadal beat Federer in the Madrid Open final in 2007. Both are now two-time Masters finalists, and the Spaniard beat Federer in the clay-court event for a 7-6 (5), 7-5, 6-3 victory in 2011. Nadal will face 4th seed Tomas Berdych in the tournament finals, with Berdych bidding for his 24th grand slam singles title but only his fourth since 2000. Barcelona was a distant second seed in the 2015 tournament, losing to Nadal.
Washington (CNN) -- The parents of slain American journalist James Foley said Friday the U.S. and other governments will eventually have to negotiate with the Islamist group that beheaded their son in August.|||There is no precedent for the government of the United States to mediate between ISIS and the Foley family because of concerns over international law, the Justice Department said Friday. "The family does not follow the rule of law," said James Foley's lawyer, the late Bradlee Fath, who was granted immunity by a U.S. judge earlier this week to bring a legal claim against the group in prison. "It should not have happened. Justice seems a long way off, even if the terrorists are not ever on the table," said Fath. The Foley family says the group is on the run and blames U.S. forces for the violence, saying ISIS officials should have led negotiations with the U.S. and other governments for similar outcomes. Jon David Foley, a legal representative representing James Foley, declined to be interviewed because of his fear that the request might affect his son's children.
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world's No. 1 golf ranking for a 271st week at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational starting in Ohio on Thursday.|||Tiger Woods is expected to welcome another contender to the stage on Thursday. He recently met former world No. 1 Phil Mickelson when they were playing at the Honda Classic. The No. 1 player in the world for five years, currently in great form and in eighth place in the world rankings, started the day alongside the former BMW Pro-Am champion and the struggling but still strong Kohei Uehara, both of whom are likely to force a playoff. Two-time major winner Adam Scott also will look to get into contention in Northern Ireland, but he has been playing consistently well of late and he is rated a strong contender. He also had three great weeks at Bridgestone, dropping as low as -8 on the opening round and shooting 41 on Thursday to then tee off with a full bag load of bag money on Friday. Made matters worse, Woods took the first pair of greens short while Matsuyama could only manage an even-par round. The Finnish compatriot won in a playoff in South Korea in September and was second in the post-season following his weekend at the Sony Open. The PGA Tour season ends at the World Cup, a qualifying event for the U.S. Open. A U.S. Open victory in Australia took the job to Paul Casey -- Woods is tied for third in the money list but is now far behind leader U.S. Open winner Henrik Stenson, who won the Sony Open. Fourteen of the past 22 PGA Tour tournaments have been played on the Appalachian Trail, a tree-lined and hilly course located on the edge of a small valley in Jackson, Tennessee. "I did pretty well," Woods said. "At times, I didn't even hit a fairway today. I kept it a good size. And I was also putting really well. I made a lot of putts. I could have putts here and I could have putts there." The South African superstar notched the last two holes in a round of 69 as he swirled through a round that included a pair of birdies from the 155-yard ninth on Friday and a lone bogey on the 18th -- the sixth hole of which he did not even attempt. Woods played to a double-bogey-bogey-73, and recorded an even-par 73 in his semifinal. With Masters champion Jim Furyk currently off the course, he joined Masters host Jason Day as the defending champion in the top eight on the FedEx Cup standings going into next week's event. "It's been a great week, it's been a lot of fun, and I will definitely be fighting for a spot. But I have to keep it going every day as long as I can and this game is worth fighting for," the 33-year-old said, his caddie John Steffan joining him on the green.
(CNN) -- The terrorist attacks on America on September 11, 2001, gave his administration a clear goal and him the resolve to find out who was responsible and "kick their ass," former President George W. Bush writes in his new book.|||Bush, who served as president from 1989 to 2001, expresses his hope of rebuilding the political relationship between the Republicans and Democrats that the 2003 "September 11 attacks" represented. "They were elected to represent the American people, not the representatives of the people," he wrote. He reiterated that premise and referred to President George H.W. Bush's letter to many members of Congress, some of whom also served as House and Senate Republicans, in his book "The Decision" (Clarkson Potter). Bush presents his thoughts in "The Decision," his first book with a new publisher, in which he gives a wide range of opinions about the causes, tactics and goals for national security, and a look back at his administration's pivotal role in helping prevent such attacks in the future. "There were so many in this country who actually believed that we were in the thrall of the terrorists," Bush writes. He writes that there was suspicion in the district where the attack on Washington took place, and an outcry, not just in Congress but also in some of his closest allies in the administration -- Bush, Florida Governor Jeb Bush and others who have publicly criticized his record and record. "Though the ugly aspects of the case were quickly evident, it was still very difficult to build trust, and I remember thinking that the moment when someone stepped forward and said, 'OK, these folks aren't a threat to us, they're a threat to America,'" Bush writes. "And in some ways, in some ways, I believe that belief just proved true. Some of the people I knew personally are no longer alive today. But there's a lot of information out there that people, in the government, don't realize: not only are these people, those very people, using the public to send the message, not just American values, but also, using the public and public institutions to ensure that Americans control their government and can do their jobs, if at all possible, protect themselves from terrorist attacks."
(CNN) -- Florida appears set to recognize same-sex marriages on January 6, after the U.S. Supreme Court on Friday declined to further delay a lower court's finding that the state's ban on the unions is unconstitutional.|||But a spokesman for the Vatican refused to comment on whether the court decision will reinstate same-sex marriage in the future, saying only that it will overturn any decision by the lower court. The law has been said to be set up for years by courts to issue rulings to "legalize and permit" marriage in the state, a decision that would have left most states considering same-sex marriage with the option. "It doesn't force a change of law. If you argue that someone can't lawfully marry, that's not fair," said Alabama Attorney General Michael Ferguson. The Florida ruling "will come to an end because we have declared that the Constitution provides protection for equal protection for all Americans under the law," he added. U.S. Supreme Court justices granted certiorari Friday to Florida marriage couples to legalize same-sex marriage in the state. The ruling means they will be able to enter the state's marriage laws starting January 6, 2011. "Recognizing the spouses is very important because it requires belief in God that the marriage was founded on a partnership," said Florida marriage Commissioner Diane Castelli, a spokeswoman for the state attorney general's office. Previously, Florida had a gay marriage ban upheld by a judge in 2000. "The appeals court dismissed all appeals of Florida's constitutional amendment that denying marriage benefits to same-sex couples." The voter-approved constitutional amendment, issued by voters in the state's 2002 general elections, said that if married, same-sex couples must have a "consensual and equal commitment" with either spouse or with at least one spouse. Same-sex marriage didn't initially run into controversy in the wake of criticism from groups in the United States and around the world, including in Washington. The controversy started when Maryland's Supreme Court invalidated a Republican-drawn marriage amendment legalizing same-sex unions between one man and one woman in 2004. Most of the 60-year-old majority-Catholic state is now protected by religious faith. Churches have long decided that same-sex marriages shouldn't go forward, with many going on to get married in states such as Massachusetts, New York and Washington, and numerous other states now have laws in place allowing same-sex marriages. A federal judge in 2006 struck down the New York law, stating that it didn't protect same-sex couples from getting married. Michigan enacted a similar law that year. Virginia had similar law in June 2007. Missouri only legalized gay unions last year, shortly after a U.S. Supreme Court decision legalized civil unions nationwide. The suit was filed by the gay rights group Faith & Family International. The group's lawyers argued in a court filing that the Obama administration was getting involved in the issue by taking appropriate legal action.
(CNN) -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says he will accept the results of a referendum this month that could see the country split in two.|||AlBashir also faces an insurgency in his own country. Syrian airstrikes have killed dozens of people and most of the country's oil revenues, according to the International Committee of the Red Cross, which estimates the casualties at around 15,000. While issues such as Syria and Sudan exist, only al-Bashir's rhetoric was the only one apparently able to alleviate the crisis in a country bordering with Syria and the neighboring Democratic Republic of North Korea. al-Bashir was in Sari'ee, north Sudan, last week, and quickly addressed the referendum's results. On Tuesday, his office announced that the referendum would go ahead as planned. But al-Bashir did not set any date for the referendum. "This is a national decision." Libya, which Sudan calls its own country, is also embroiled in a conflict. "We are headed in the right direction with democratic reforms. What people ask for is all things to be equal," said Ali al-Din, a spokesman for Sudan's interior ministry. However, British security officials suggested they didn't want the referendum "to happen, and that the country itself could be the final guarantor of unity and of security. Iraq's vote this month to the new president was legally required, and we believe the results of the (elections) of Monday were clear." However, analysts say the outcome will be largely contested because the polls were highly contested. "The number of those who will formally join the opposition will probably be in the thousands" -- more than 45% of the population in Sudan. Meanwhile, Sudanese oil revenues had fallen by almost 90%, a government statement said Tuesday. Now, since al-Bashir is president, Sudan is the largest crude producer in the world, the ICRC said. al-Bashir, a native of Sari'ee, was in South Sudan last week.
(CNN) -- So, a judge walks out of a bar ...|||In Miami, Florida, news broke today of the ruling by a judge who says the special, state-run court there in most major cities in the United States is overbroad because of bias. The judge is Kenyan-American. The judge, Shakila Alhamuddin Sabu, pronounced herself an outcast. She had to stand outside her court the rest of the day. "The severity of [Bourke] is what brought my house down," she told reporters. "It's not that I did not care for [Bourke]. It's just that he was not doing justice ... he made me a threat because I'm black."  Watch the video at the top of the story.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport in 2005, an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy.|||The pilot blamed his own mistake, landing the plane midway off the runway with no fire but two intact engines, for the incident, said NTSB spokesman Craig Lehrman. He said the incident happened within an hour of the plane losing contact with the ground following a storm. Lehrman told CNN that Southwest received an estimated 48 minutes of call-outs, which affected all 100 passengers and 17 crew members on board. There were several instances of lightning near the cockpit, Lehrman said. NTSB Capt. Joseph D. Wilson, who added that Southwest cleared the flight at Midway on the way to pick up passengers for their flight to Atlanta, said it found "no evidence" that the pilot caused the problem, but he said it "could have caused some of the turbulence." On March 24, 2005, Southwest took off in a Dreamliner from Midway with only one passenger on board. Just 3 miles from takeoff, the Southwest flight experienced unplanned nose-to-air turbulence and skidded off the runway and into the terminal, he said. Lehrman said Southwest made critical checks for any potential turbulence before the flight departed. He was not on the flight at the time. "We lost contact, and none of those checks or ground checks were performed," he said. "It was obvious that something was wrong," he said. Southwest Flight 148 took off Monday, with passengers and crew members enjoying a normally happy and enjoyable flight northward in Southern Illinois. The pilot's explanation was reportedly that there was gusty winds at Midway. CNN's Joseph Sobieski contributed to this report.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- The Lear jet that crashed on landing last week in Mexico City, killing all aboard, including Mexico's interior minister, may have been felled by the turbulence from a large passenger jet it was following too closely, the nation's transportation secretary said Friday, citing results of a preliminary investigation.|||Lobama says there's possibility the plane may have been following too closely at launch when it veered off the runway and crashed. The crash occurred in the national capital Thursday after the aircraft landed a short distance after taking off with a crew of six people aboard. CNN's Belinda Levin contributed to this report. CNN's Michael McCarthy contributed to this report. Wreckage from the Leber jet that crashed was recovered on Friday. Federal Transportation Safety Board investigator Ricardo Sanchez announced that no charges are expected against anyone in connection with the crash, which left 18 people -- 11 of them passengers and a federal worker -- dead. "The initial results reveal that we are absolutely convinced that there was no flimsy excuse for what happened with the pre-standdown investigation," Sanchez said. The plane's nose wheel fell and the engines quit, he said,."The main evidence showed that the airplane must have been following the current wind direction for a long distance, which was not that far from the plane," Sanchez said. "It is an extended path -- about 60 miles -- and it was launched at the right time." In a post on his website, which was sealed to the public so the plane could not be accessed by news media during the investigation, Sanchez said that "the airplane was possibly returning in such a way that it gradually came in and then struck the plane."  "That is the measure of the sway of the plane in this case," he wrote. The plane was partly recovered at the airport in Mexico City. It's considered the nation's deadliest air disaster since 1976. Two lawyers of the flight crew said they had confirmed the cause of the crash. On the way to the meeting, the couple told investigators that they were looking for a way to leave a closer, personal space next to what remained of their loved ones. It's unclear where they were headed, but safety officials on the scene were taking the plane off the planned route but landed in the wrong spot because of forward-curtailing winds, which were lashing the plane. When it landed, the craft was upside down. The tail first hit the jet, which landed in the northwest, then slid to the rear in the southwest corner. It then veered off at different angles and hit the jet during a landing stage that was needed to turn, Sanchez said.  Watch a statement from Martin Cummings of the private plane owner Challenger Aircraft Corporation about the crash ».  Watch a report on the passenger deaths ». CNN's Bianca Camberley contributed to this report.  Watch the full report ». CNN's Giada Gucciardi, Joshua McCormack and James Webster contributed to this report.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943.|||Vladimir Putin has been chief guest at Russia's National Assembly since November 2008. The May 13 election in Iran turned serious, but not fatally. Only a fifth of the population is Muslim, according to Russian media. The country is also facing mounting sanctions, including the threat of military strikes. On Tuesday Putin reiterated the necessity to stop the progress of the Iranian nuclear program. Iran's foreign ministry said they will not negotiate on a deal with the West if they think Iran would seek military force. "People in the Islamic Republic of Iran want to continue that path, including the enrichment of uranium -- for electricity generation, for military use and for the production of oil," said Naser Khomeini, Iranian deputy foreign minister. Iran is the only Islamic country that has not signed an agreement with the U.S. on how to get rid of sanctions against it that are imposed on Iran over its disputed nuclear program. Iran has found diplomatic negotiations difficult with the West, with the U.S. imposing stiffer sanctions than any other country. Iran's oil exports are by far its biggest source of revenues and the country needs nearly 100% of its total oil import costs, Khomeini said. Iran has also suggested that the Islamic Republic can turn its key focus on the nuclear program instead of trying to develop clean energy, since it hasn't. "We have no intention of carrying out a deal that would prevent Tehran from having an effective nuclear capability. That approach would be illegal," Khomeini said, according to the Guardian Council, the think-tank of Iran's parliament. "This would make Iran isolated among the world powers, so it will be very difficult for them to maintain their balance in the region." Iran considers itself a key ally in the fight against terrorism, but has its own military and political problems, according to the Guardian Council. Last month Iran passed a bill to pass by mid-January 2010 on how to deliver on the job of providing a stable, secure and prosperous atmosphere for its people. However, it remains undecided on whether it will keep this vision or instead opt for reconciliation and making a business case for its nuclear weapons program, according to the council. Russian state media, citing administration officials, have reported that the U.S. intelligence service has issued a report expressing alarm at Iran's efforts to return to the nuclear program. In a joint speech to the Supreme National Assembly last week, U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin encouraged the Iranian leadership to take steps in this direction to ensure that Iran's nuclear program is fully and peacefully carried out. Putin made a series of statements that included but was not limited to: "we must support the actions of the Iranian authorities for ending their illegal activities, because President Rouhani, in direct violation of international law, has warned that it would be dangerous for Iran to seek nuclear weapons," he said. "With any emphasis, the Russian government believes that we must help our Iranian friends to avoid any negative consequences of actions that will lead to a further escalation of Iran's nuclear program in response to our efforts," Putin said. He also stressed the importance of supporting the Iranian efforts to promote peaceful nuclear energy. "Let them use their own nuclear energy," he said. "All they are doing is producing more more energy. They have nothing to gain but for the attention of the United States," Putin added. Iran says it is completely committed to international nuclear power.
(CNN) -- Protests over media freedom continued in Venezuela Tuesday, a day after two student protesters were killed in separate clashes.|||News and protest in Venezuela. A 15-year-old boy died after being shot and beaten by protesters, Caracas Mayor Juan Manuel Gastelum said. Protests were also held in the central city of Valencia, as well as in the state capital of Miraflores and other cities across Venezuela. The main demonstrators showed up in force, in a military-style mobilization called by the government's forces. But demonstrators in other cities clashed with police, as well. Since Tuesday, police have fired at and broken up two major clashes that erupted between protesting students and the government forces. Protesters said the operation was carrying out a "red list" -- an attack on those linked to the government. "The government of Venezuela must cease this human rights violations against the people," student Eduardo Guerra, 25, said in a video posted on the Spanish-language Web site Republica Venezuela. "The government has created a situation which only provokes more violence because there is no, or almost no, unity in the Venezuelan people," he said. "They think they can incite more violence against the people by raising the principle of dictatorship. They think it is a game. That is how they should be ruled." Student leader Juan Moya said the protests are broad, international and do not target the government. He said there are thousands of protests ongoing against the government, who have declared themselves the 'guardians of democracy' and have been accused of mismanaging elections, abusing and threatening public opinion. "To the people, we have something: We are the defenders of freedom," Moya said in the video. "The people's energy is to move against the government and oppose those who are waging criminal aggression against the people. It is a mistake to confuse the government and its institutions." CNN's Brittany Fann and Jason Sprague contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- The defendant's testimony in a stilled Manhattan courtroom Wednesday took a federal jury half a world and many years away, to a mountain cave in the desolation of Afghanistan, to the hours after the September 11, 2001, terror attacks.|||There is what Noor's testimony offered as to an African jungle village in the remote northern Afghanistan region that a month ago had become synonymous with terror attacks: the threat of deadly bombing, the threat to a boy's life and the prospect of being brutally raped. "They had no idea what they were doing," Noor's attorney, Gabriel W. Saylor, said last week. "They didn't know that if they did, they would live to regret it." Warlord Richard Cheatham, the U.S. attorney for Missouri, said in a statement to reporters last week that Cheatham believes he acted against Islam. But he ruled the two in 1999 in the first-degree rape of a minor. They were described as "true kidnappers." "We saw their guns, we saw their light blue - gray - hazel colored glasses, the muddy green grass in front of the bush, we saw them throwing them in and organizing a lot of suspicious things," he said. Wounds. Explosions. Rockets. Flying over the water at dusk. "Then there was the underground "drumline," the Western-style "wonder bridge," running underground under a hole where gas bubbles had collected from underneath the water. The sound was like wiring. "There was the same thrill, the same fun, the same snobbery," Cheatham said. "And my partner talked about how her parent had convinced her to go to a certain Indian tribal village, where her paternal grandfather had set up an encampment for the local Indian tribes." "He even managed to get a Bat Moo near the new area where there had been sporadic monkey activity," said Saylor, who doesn't believe Cheatham. "This group of men was never so much biker or jungle dude as they were biker dude or derby."
(CNN) -- The United Nations official overseeing efforts to help Iraq's many displaced people said Monday the country could be at a turning point.|||Government authorities have so far failed to achieve full peace, U.N. Deputy Special Envoy Dr. Wesley Kirkpatrick said Monday. "I think it's going to be very difficult to maintain that," he said. When the 10-year peace that is helping Iraqis live within Iraq's borders expired in 2008, Kirkpatrick said, much of Iraq was found wanting, with an elite Islamic militia with widespread ties to al Qaeda taking advantage of the growing frustration and anger within Iraq's Sunni majority. "Whether you are an Islamist, a Shiite, or a Kurdish, things will be very difficult to negotiate with these elements," Kirkpatrick said. "I don't want to make this into a choice, I'm not. Those things are competing for your attention." The U.N. reported that about 880,000 internally displaced people were living in the United States. And more than 190,000 women and more than 800,000 children were living in Iraq, raising the official figure of internally displaced persons to more than 1 million. Nearly 40,000 families have children. Kirkpatrick said the percentage of displaced Iraqis under 30 who are under 7 years old has increased to more than 5 percent from less than 1 percent in December 2010. On the U.N. side, the United Nations Humanitarian Assistance Mission in Iraq said. It will work to help the country eliminate the fighting, replace its leadership and support the Iraqi police force and military. The country has undergone massive reconstruction over the past 18 years. But Kirkpatrick said that despite the ambitious progress made so far, providing adequate food aid is still needed. "At this point, we need to see a cease-fire first, before anything else is done, because these people are too at risk of not returning home," he said. Iraq's Shiite extremist coalition, known as the Awakening Council, is the most powerful faction in Iraq.
(CNN) -- She was found still wearing the shimmering silver cocktail number she wore to celebrate her wedding. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. Young. Beautiful.|||Media has gone viral after a 27-year-old Lynn Lynn Cooke, also known as Lynn Sharpie, was spotted Thursday still in the "Princess Diana" and the Dainty Dynasty-inspired dress that she wore to celebrate her wedding. "I was shocked when I saw her. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. Beautiful. Young. Miss Naomi," fellow New Englander Ira Koval said on CNN. Cooke married Natasha Harris, 29, at the Roseland Mall Mall. "She started pulling things out. Got herself dressed on her own. This was adorable. Obviously this is a true wedding queen." Jessica Moskowitz, who was married to the late Donald Lewis, managed to marry the former hair guru with such poise and dignity that she was asked to officiate. "She was the perfect matron of honor. My dad and I were very proud of her," Moskowitz said of the young couple's marriage. "I've been married and I've worked with amazing people all my life, and I'm very lucky to still have my wife and family with me." Mrs. Cooke's sister, mother and grandmother live in Dublin and returned for the wedding, sending more wishes to all her family members. The engagement party also took place in New York City, where the two went to a place known as The Grove Church. Watch coverage of the special day ». The couple was first married in France at the church in the late 1930s. It was the best-ever white wedding in the history of the wedding. Never in a million years. According to the Toronto Star, Kenneth Mossage, a friend of Lloyd's, was able to secretly marry his love at the church in England. Wedding guest counts noted that Stella, the honor head, has served on the Bridesmaids' Association and has become a stellar queen, with an ice cream ad campaign showing the icing on the cake. "She has an amazing reputation; she keeps people coming back," Mossage said. The bride and groom? Shane LaCapra, who has been engaged to Vanessa Lee since 2012.
(EW.com) -- Most of the muckraking Hollywood movies we think of as classic tend to sketch their dramas inside very clean and satisfying moral lines.|||Ten years after the success of Landmark's Billy Magnussen: Fact or Fiction, the independent movie decided to take a new genre approach and take a look at some Hollywood's most famous destroyed stories. The project, titled Filmed In Blood, tells the story of Lowell Fuller and his pioneering work walking along the pipeline, after years inside the gun lobby, trying to get justice for two cases of people charged with murder, as well as a haunted homicide. "This was truly a film that needed to be written in an arena-level style," Fuller told EW. "It was a lot of the flaws and assumptions that drove it. There was a lot of guilt going on that I always wondered. "It was really a fascinating document because what happens was some of these characters were capable of ruthless acts. But there were still a lot of beautiful things that you could do with a morally non-addictive movie. "We came across some really good movie cowboy stories, we found this great one about a man who has lived for 50 years, who's living through this great, horrific, brutal crime. He figured it all out in this major way and put it all together. And no human element could ever prevent him. For the most part, the movie all but erased these types of problems from existence. "But sometimes the human element needed to exist to move the world in a significant direction. And what was the moral center of that man was very much broken. "Billy Magnussen may have put this interesting history together in this movie, but there are other real-world cowboys like Bud Sherwood, the ones who hang on the edge of the ice or live on the bottom of a barn to fight for what they believe in," Forrest Wilder wrote in Entertainment Weekly. "You can't always tell the true story from your own story." Keeping the story real, the team decided to hire filmmaker Mark Barnett to bring it to life. "He went out and photographed a lot of people and they took the pictures," said Friedman. Three of the movie's key elements are the elements that are recognizable, like real people and authentic music from within the movie, and the fact that Wooden Skinnies, a cow a goal-setting character, has no doubt been bragged about.
(CNN) -- The company building the controversial Keystone XL pipeline has submitted a proposal for a new route, a spokesman for Nebraska's environmental authority said Wednesday.|||KOGD has asked Nebraska for a report on how it will develop the way the Keystone pipeline will take in South Dakota, North Dakota and possibly into South Korea. "An expedited transaction is important if we are to fulfill our completion objectives and to enable Canada to secure clean, alternative energy options in the United States." SDOE officials said that if approved, the company would be asked to come back in October to identify changes that would mitigate environmental impacts in which to be considered for additional permits. Existing permits were revoked because the proposed route had "significantly and negatively" impacted property rights and environmental conditions. The state denied the permit for the proposed route in December 2011, saying that it would reduce the environmental impact to the state. The state governor then allowed permits to be extended to the threatened sands in the Great Lakes region. Read: Pipeline delays up to 130 pages, its operator says. The Nebraska response was a key factor that drew criticism from states that want the project to be built and led to the state issuing permits to allow construction. In other states, including the United States, where the pipeline would pass through, federal environmental agencies blocked development, citing similar political considerations. Read: Gov. Obama pulls out of pact that would prevent Keystone. And in a letter Wednesday to leaders in Nebraska, the governors said the oil's transport across the state "would have serious consequences." But companies like TransCanada have pushed to continue construction of the controversial oil pipeline, even as the company was asked for a $1 billion fee from the state of Nebraska. The governor has said he wants the project completed and for it to be built before the end of the year. A spokeswoman for TransCanada said it was studying a $3.1 billion fee from the governor to do so. Read: How Keystone connects America's oil sands with Canada. Analysts say the pipeline would not reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It also would expose both Canada and the U.S. to new risks, particularly that of dunes and heavy storms. Read: Keystone XL approval would add to enormous energy bill. Tourists will pay two for every tanker load that crosses South Dakota. The pipeline, envisioned as a long-term energy project, will create jobs. The products produced by developing the pipeline would be sent back to Canada, but it would have no impact on greenhouse gas emissions in the United States, Obama administration officials said. Speaking at a panel at the Institute of Energy Economics and Financial Analysis in Washington, International Energy Agency (IEFA) official Haj Mohammed Hussein said he was not sure if the federal standards or state standards would be changed. "Our standards will be met, but we will ask our federal agencies to revisit the standards, we will keep coordinating any increases in response to any of the proposed pipelines and other new proposals that may occur," Hussein told the panel. Fighting tar sands spills. Read: What the cost of tar sands would be.
(CNN) -- Frequent flyer programs are meant to breed passenger loyalty. The logic goes that if travelers can earn free tickets and preferential treatment by flying one airline or alliance, they will. A new study shows that this isn't always the case.|||. This way of using a survey means passengers feel disconnected from one another -- disconnected from the odds that they may ever make a return trip. A "risk psyche survey" on AirBeats found that the studies studied nearly 5,000 guests who travel regularly for industry-sponsored programs such as the America's Best Airlines, Southwest Airlines and SoCalAir. Travel's journey to another name began with AirBeats, so travelers felt a "weird sense of entitlement," and just couldn't resist the temptation to say, "I'm changing my name. Who's it?" Traffic spurred hotel and flight cancellation offers, but the surveys also found that even short-term stays were canceled more often than long-term stays. The surveys found that 11% of travelers already have a new use for travel programs, and the researchers noted that this holds true for the Dutch: "it was not at all uncommon for those travelers to use an existing program without many major changes to their plans, for the simple reason that the program was never updated to reflect changes in actual policy," the Netherlands could not respond to inquiries from CNN on the study. "The Netherlands' Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act had no clear regulations on survey wording or wording for the contents of the survey and travel survey." Travelers may feel unsafe simply for getting new or free service, but that can pose personal risks to their psyche, according to the survey results. News: Report flawed as WE reported. Subscribe to CNN's new weekly newsletter for breaking news delivered right to your inbox.
(CNN) -- Crisis club Racing Santander has been thrown out of next season's Copa del Rey after its players staged a bizarre on-pitch boycott of a quarterfinal tie against Real Sociedad.|||Park Thugs hurled stones and explosives at a bus stop outside and riot police opened fire at workers. The players then boarded the other bus to celebrate with their Colombian counterparts who were in attendance. Workers stabbed the players' steward and threw a shoe at him. Chanting also got through the windows. Police said one in ten players abandoned their seats and the game was abandoned during the match when Socialist Party officials and a riot police van took off for the main street of the capital. The singers sang "Mira marc" and "we will return from poverty" before the game. The incident stirred public ire and three policemen were arrested for throwing objects and lying on the pitch. Meanwhile in Spain, an official told national television that a television was also being questioned about what had happened. The referee then began talks with officials at the National Confederation of the Spanish Football League. Last week, the SNF denounced the match as "full of injustice, which cannot be tolerated" and the league announced it would ban the match for five days without making any substitutes. The SNF said Racing started the match holding players from the other team in its first individual football training session. But referee Alejandro Nieto says no one in the stadium "engaged" for the match. Soccer fans eventually returned to their seats and watched the match on a giant screen after hours of scuffling. There were claims the players later asked the officials for 'water' to drink. In late August, Spanish media accused the Mexican team's secretary general of causing the "slogan" in order to get their players to skip the Spanish championship. PSG has now gone out of the tournament. Four months after the Ramos Cup, Rangers were knocked out of the Copa Libertadores -- South America's premier club tournament -- by a Uefa and there are concerns the likes of Racing and Galatasaray could be in danger of not attending next season's competition.
(CNN) -- Whovians, clear your calendars -- the next star of the British science-fiction series "Doctor Who" will be unveiled Sunday during a live half-hour television special on the BBC.|||The BBC announced Wednesday that the New Doctor will take a name and make his name. Doctor Dean Anderton -- in front of some very excited fans -- will appear in a biography read by moderator Richard Ayoade. Rudd will also have a cameo appearance during the show. In addition to "Thirteen," "Doctor Who" will feature an extensive mythology. "Thirteen" is the episode in which the Doctor came up against the original Doctor. Although the programme was created as a stand-alone series, the fantasy drama has grown up around Doctor Nick Davies, actor Sir Nicholas Courtney, screenwriter Alan Rickman and Bob Hoskins. Keith Amell and Oliver Twist star in one of the more recent episodes of the BBC's science fiction drama "Doctor Who." Previously, the Doctor had starred in films. "Doctor Who" has been "a staple of British television since the world's first serial in 1967," David Gilligan, who co-starred as Prime Minister Rob Robson, said in a statement. "Dr. Arthur Darvill and Ray Winstone, best known as Ashley Krok, continue as Dr. Dingle and Eddie Black as Ian Begg. These characters have a rich history of adventure, from invasion and peril to recurring and brand new characters and full-cast cast members."
(CNN) -- A hair stylist is accusing former "American Idol" judge and rapper Nicki Minaj of wigging out on a deal.|||KDana Moes is charged with assault, harassment and trespassing after a video surfaced online purporting to show the singer dealing with a dressup guy at her barbershop in Calabasas. "I had two lovely dancers and a stylist," she posted on her Twitter page Tuesday evening. "One of them gets a tree and the other is macaroni in the mail!" A woman posing as an employee, according to Moes, said in the snapchat post that Minaj "took me aside" by phone while at her hair salon on Tuesday to "bad mouth and make me fight." In the video, she also argues that Minaj was about to go into the barber shop because she believed her shoes made them more comfortable. She went on to complain about her shop not having a clear quality, regardless of the condition of her hair. "I have to be on the tiptoe as she told me the concrete floor was uncomfortable... she tried to take my file and check it to the store and finally took my tools, my disposable paper towel." Her friend, Danielle, has been hired to do Minaj's hairstylist's job, she said. CNN's Brian Lee and Ben Plaskett contributed to this report.
(CNN)In airport surveillance pictures, the three young women look like typical travelers.|||Surveillance photos from the airport in Boston were released Wednesday. The women were in transit in Rhode Island on a flight headed for the United States. CNN affiliate WABC-TV reported the women were standing in an airport restroom, about 50 feet from their flights. The women, who were in the women's restrooms at Boston's Logan Airport just before Christmas, were seated on chairs waiting to meet their flights. John Kuesterling, president of American Spirit Airlines said Thursday that the group included four female passengers. The passengers had apparently traveled to India through the United States, the airline said. The United States Postal Service issued a statement saying the three women had rented the airport restrooms. Subway employees also reported that their bags contained cellphone data plans. The devices "were purchased at several major airports, including Detroit International Airport, Chicago Midway, Oakland International Airport, Las Vegas, Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, Houston Regional Airport, and Dulles Airport," airport spokeswoman Debra Dunn said. The women then posed for pictures before using their mobiles. Police say the phones were bought at "information-technology" companies in the United States and abroad. The day after Christmas, New Jersey and Florida law enforcement were investigating several car break-ins and reported that officers found a 9mm-caliber handgun in the front seats of a minivan. The cell phones belonged to Diana Petrakos, the only person accused of stealing a gun. The car was being transported from Oregon to the Grand Island State Police in New Jersey, authorities said. On Wednesday, police in New York searched a nearby home in Tewksbury Township and found a body inside. A trooper identified the remains as Petrakos's. Police said the dead man's body was found in a garage in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
(CNN) -- He'd said his daddy always told him that a fool never changes his mind. And Elwin Wilson didn't want to be a fool.|||The interview was televised by CNN affiliate KPRC, which carried excerpts. Tyler Wilson's parents were in a church about to be buried when the news broke -- "I mean, I cried a lot," Wilson told the station. "My dad was the best dad I've ever known." He told the interviewer that he wanted to report the situation to the Texas attorney general and the media. But, he felt, he never got a chance. Instead, two teens pulled weapons at the academy and began shooting, killing two classmates, including the school photographer. A horrified school mayor stood among the stunned students and passersby and began firing back, directing his fury at a nearby city council.  Police arrived and overwhelmed Wilson and his colleagues, who asked them to stand behind the podium. The injury was serious, but he was saved when a medical examiner and a school counselor applied pressure. A medical examiner ruled his death a "homicide" and cited officials for failing to notify medical staff about the suspect. He was the third high school student to be killed this year in Dallas County. It was the fourth homicide of this year in those city limits, and Howard Stern led a chorus of criticism to police and prosecutors for a lack of action. The first death Tuesday was from a 13-year-old boy from San Antonio who was shot in the back. Sean Schroeder later died. The second incident was "not unexpected" in that the boy was shot, Ross Ennis told CNN affiliate WHBC. Alan Fryer and Shankelyn Tillison also said the races, like the presidential race in 2012, are volatile, even in the 21st century.
Miami (CNN) -- Hillary Clinton rolled out a new addition to her usual stump speech geared towards women empowerment on Thursday: Her new granddaughter Charlotte.|||The inspirational message of a "revolution" for women comes a day after she took a cue from the demands of a Hispanic elder in Miami. Clinton will appear in a civic conference this weekend that takes place with local groups and donors -- both female and male -- to rally Democratic women behind Clinton's candidacy. The focus, while no doubt relevant at this time, will ultimately center on the gender equality at the forefront of Clinton's identity and campaign strategy.
(CNN) -- The PGA Tour has issued a denial over reports that American golfer Dustin Johnson is serving a suspension for failing a drugs test.|||Johnson dismissed "unfounded rumors" and said he hopes officials will find "proof" of his involvement in Sunday's tournament, which is the biennial ITG tournament. No violation of the Tour's rules, he added, "would require disqualification on any grounds, so I fully accept the term of suspension from my event. "The length of the suspension is limited to the time period specified in a written rule released by ITG." A statement issued by the PGA Tour also said the two men will not be re-joining the Tour in August and will remain on the sidelines, but said they had already completed their personal marriage and did not plan to play. Johnson's whereabouts are not immediately known. Other prominent golfers accused Johnson of using marijuana to cope with pain. In a petition outside the Dubai property of his manager, Cauley Huyzen, Johnson has signed, among other things, statements in support of the support he extended to his wife, two sisters, Gabrielle and Catherine, according to CNN affiliate WABC. His relationship with his coach was strained when, according to a Los Angeles Times report last month, ''his manager threatened to shut down the tour over unprofessional behavior by one of the players." The report also mentioned negative comments from doctors' associations. Johnson, a four-time major winner who is ranked No. 6 in the world, is ranked 26th in the world. He spent more than two years as the world No. 1 between 2007 and 2011, according to Golfweek, where his feats helped him reach the top 50 in the world standings during his reign. His 2003 U.S. Open triumph over Tiger Woods was the climax to a remarkable record-breaking career.
(CNN) -- It will be Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before. Over six weeks next spring, London's Globe Theatre will present all 37 of the Bard's plays in 37 languages, performed by companies from as many countries.|||"This is the moment where Shakespeare and the Globe come together," producer Richie Antfelika said in a statement. "More than 60 companies from all over the world, with over 250 actors and 200 companies, can work together to make this extraordinary show happen." Antfelika said the Globe is committed to its commitment to presenting Shakespeare in "the best possible light." "The time is right to imagine what our Theater Players will look like as an ever-expanding global group in 2015, working from the memory of John Keats," he said. "What in the world is the chance for each of us to take this unique journey together? And what do our company people say? It's not a foregone conclusion that they will succeed." On site representatives for the Globe and the companies involved told CNN that performances of the play will vary widely depending on the country of the performer. The organizations include ProQuest, a theatrical company based in Britain, for example. Janfelika said Phantom, founded by American actors Lisa Bryant, Laura Dern and Ben Doherty, will perform Hamlet in its entirety. "It's not that Shakespeare is bad by any means. But by no means are his plays great plays, but he presents his plays as best as he knows how," Dern said in a statement. Marshem said she loves that the company will focus on one play by Shakespeare, his epics "Oliver Twist" and "Spamalot." Director Victoria Clarke said she was particularly pleased that she could work with a playwright like Olly Murs, who often was brought up as a role model by many British fans. "This actor is really giving her all to his play, giving his life and passion to it. A film star with an incredible stage presence and a lead role in a movie playing Oliver Twist? Great job," she said. Miranda Christie, who plays Victoria's Lady, told CNN that jokes and ironic comedy add up to the excitement of performing Shakespeare. "Comedy can be very intimidating when you don't know what's coming," Christie said. "But this stagecraft is of enormous benefit to me. It's an amazing gig because you can practice your comic timing and you know how you get when you're set up." Two thespians will open the show at rehearsals in London on March 31 and April 1. Melbourne dubby company Leader Maestro, Christina Skroben, said the group will consist of outstandingly talented actors who will make black-and-white accents more humorous onstage. "They will become more and more hilarious." The crews will complete this journey by uniting over a week between two of the companies onstage. Christopher Hawkes, the artistic director of The Globe, said any "prep work" he did beforehand would count toward the overall aim. "If we feel like staging [the] ballet happens, we'll do it," he said. Providing the choreographed scenes, the troupe and singers will remain open to an array of requests from performers. The Globe's additional team includes Matthew Hammond, who will make up the company's new specialty of performance massaging, he said.
(CNN) -- A foreign minister clearly frustrated with some of his own countrymen has taken to Facebook to expose some of the stranger requests received by consular staff.|||The United Nations verified that the removal of the visa was true, but questions have been raised over why the objection was made in the first place. "The issue regarding Iranian halal clothes is about #hijab," Foreign Minister Musa Dikmal claimed on Twitter, holding up the logo for the Christian village of Jamshid, where the Libyan consular service is based. The statement refers to Iranian Foreign Minister Omar Al-Bakrai, who is also a diplomat, complaining to the deputy foreign minister about Iraqi diplomats taking up residence in his country. Some of the tweets were about Sudanese media, others about Ban Ki-moon's return to the UK; others were about ETC, or deleted. One tweet says: "Hijab removal request submitted to official source after 3.5 years," and it did not mention the name of the clinic it uses. It also asks the person to be "political, patriotic or a West African." Journalist Al-Yarwa reports that from an examination of a sample of the visa application, a question was given in which witnesses are supposed to give their names, country of origin, birthplace, religion, ethnic origin, sex and occupation. Another asked for what should be considered one of the more specific questions: "Are you carrying food for your agricultural workers or for other important international contacts?" A third said: "Can you say visa application for permit-holders of Lebanese origin (not mentioned by name)? Can you say it in English?" Another asked for a passport before a preliminary visa examination. The fourth offered a number of questions relating to education, and further requested that one of them be used by people he met in the United Kingdom. The 2011 epidemics in the UK, which did not involve any armed protests, could have been a factor in the appeal. The Beninese consulate stated that "very random requests were made for some unrelated reasons" while "there were no responses received." All told, the report was not substantiated by the Libyan Consular Service. Mr. Al-Bakrai told the Tehran Bureau of Trending News that the Foreign Ministry consulted with social networking sites such as Facebook and Google before taking the action. "The issue comes mainly out of frustration with the problem of institutional inefficacy in foreign services and under-reporting," the ministry statement said. "One of the techniques used in the Libyan investigation of the British Military Embassies in Karachi and the United Kingdom was due to be published on September 11, 2012, and was suppressed for procedural violations." The ministry spokesman, Waleed Nasser, suggested that Mr. Al-Bakrai did not consult the foreign ministry before addressing his fellow diplomats on the matter. Dr. Karim Ahsouf, a doctor, was forced to withdraw his services to Libya after people rejected him for practicing human rights. The other diplomats have been asked to return to Turkey.
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- Somalis are so desperate to survive that attacks on merchant shipping in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean will not stop, a pirate leader promises.|||Joe Adnan Quedahun told CNN Somali pirates are not afraid of the United States, but rather the opposite. Somalia is a fragile country, and every 10 years, waves of waves of pirates come ashore and grab merchant shipping, Quedahun said. He said in a video that speaks to the desperation of those forced to rely on illicit trade, hoping that with weaponry they can turn back the tide. "Only the United States will stop the coming of Somalia pirates," he said. Quedahun claimed at a photo-conference in the southern Ethiopian port of Marbidale that more than 100 Somali pirates are scheduled to attack a merchant ship Thursday. The planned attack targets an oil tanker at the end of the day carrying $300 million worth of Saudi money. It will be the second such attack against the Port of Aden in less than a month. Mohamed Algal said pirates have also turned their attention toward maritime merchant vessels, taking hostages and holding them for ransom. "Do you know what the prices of a peace is? Free or hostage?" he said, urging reporters not to report the attacks. Four gunmen in Alaska are already under attack by Somali pirates; two gunmen last week opened fire in Oklahoma, he said. "It's a huge problem, there's so much unrest in Somalia," he said. "We are from a small island off Somalia -- we are leaving the government to the Somali people. And everyone gets burnt alive." Mohamed Algal said Somalia was secure but the piracy menace remains. "We are dependent on our people for our survival -- and you have to keep that in mind," he told CNN's Tom O'Leary in Nairobi, the Kenyan capital. "There is no opposition; it is only one person against them." In Mogadishu, where the main Somali city is located, piracy is rife. But with trade increasingly hard to fight, merchants are being cut off and migrants left behind as they are forced to work in other countries, for a lack of better jobs. "There is no "win," but we are trying to do something because there are people here that are not getting enough food," said Mohamed Hassan Algal, chief of a clan that owns the mines in southern Somalia. "It's a challenge," he said. Mohamed Algal added that the attacks are mainly aimed at protecting pirate families in the region, who had been jailed after trying to capture local politicians, activists and officials. "Pirates, along with the navies, are planning new things," he said. Watch news from the Somali port of Nairobi ». The armed pirate community will not accept the offer to hand over merchant vessels to a U.S. naval base, Algal said. Two weeks ago, the Somali navy raised the alarm, the army said it was moving to free Somali citizens. The decision is probably not the best move. But the United States patrols ships that pass through the area and are in need of deeper protection. "This is where we are making the most sense," military spokesman Mark Donning told CNN. "At the moment we are not seeing any other invasion of Somali naval bases, there has not been a lot of attacks." In recent years, there have been 50-60 Somali raids a year and 13 reported kidnappings of Somali civilians. The U.S. has directed its naval forces against the pirates, and the Kenya-based vessel Blackhawk carries out regular surveillance patrols. The U.S. Navy conducted offensives against Somali pirates last year and 2005, responding to scores of attacks in the area. The Somalia government says it has begun seeking to combat Somali pirate groups operating in the region, but has had little success. Mogadishu based authorities are monitoring the situation at sea, and U.S. President Barack Obama has sent in troops. The U.S. also has warships patrolling the region.
(CNN) -- "Glee" star Cory Monteith died as a result of "a mixed drug toxicity, involving heroin and alcohol," the British Columbia Coroners Service said Tuesday.|||According to the coroner's office, Monteith died of apparent mixed drug toxicity, or "a mix of heroin and alcohol," the British Columbia Coroners Service said Tuesday. Monteith was 75. He died Friday in Vancouver, the coroner said. Monteith was playing on Glee, and appeared to use drugs, the coroner said. "The cause of death is being treated as alcohol toxicity," the coroner said. Monteith's son appeared on a CNN-sponsored football game Saturday night and wore a Glee jersey for the show, according to the coroner's office. CBS confirmed that fans are mourning Monteith's death. CNN's Zoe Babadook reported that CNN's Douglas Schwartz wrote "script to" the Emmy-winning drama about U.S. professor Lisa Kudrow in 1991. 'Glee' and other episodes of "Beverly Hills, 90210" received an 84% rating in 2010, according to Neil Blomberg's website.
(CNN) -- In English soccer it is an offense that is taken as seriously as almost any other -- diving. And once again, it is controversial Liverpool striker Luis Suarez in the firing line.|||On Wednesday, Germany coach Jose Mourinho said that if the match between Borussia Macedonia and Feyenoord had been played in Austria -- which it was in the second half -- then the penalty shot would have been different. "Everything has veered away from diving in a professional game and toward the TV cameras and the guys who are on their knee, talking, he says," Madrid's Portuguese international. Suarez later admitted to diving when he headed wide of the net. "Unfortunately today, it's not justified, so I think it's not justified for him to take one in the World Cup," he said. FIFA has announced a £55 million fine against FIFA's handling of the 2014-15 World Cup. But that doesn't include money charged by the Premier League for last season's dismissal of Liverpool's Luis Suarez over diving at Cardiff City. It also does not cover claims he violated an existing European fine code by fighting for a ball but instead attempted to avoid a foul call. This season's highest-profile example of a player being sent off for allegedly colliding with a player turned by referee Nigel Kettrell, was West Ham United's Danny Williams, who was acting as a substitute for a player who was taken ill on the pitch. William was injured with four dents on his head during the match. The scooter wasn't moved until nine minutes from time, with what the official said were "temporary modifications" -- in this instance a penalty. Earlier this season, the Dutch Superliga set a new fine for two players for diving during international play -- the third from Brazil -- and moved the rules to prevent players substituting during the qualifiers. When asked why he should pay so much, veteran defender Gabriel Baquino shrugged: "I believe I should pay 1 million euros." The Brazilian was then fined with two demerits by Portuguese referee Vitor Mouris when he was shown contact by Ronaldo, who was head-butting him to get to the ground, during the game.
(CNN)Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus, a Pentagon official said Tuesday.|||Seamaker recalled from Fort Benning, Georgia, that he was transferred home. Some soldiers may now be moving to Liberia because of the epidemic, U.S. officials said Tuesday. The official insisted that some troops will not be in contact with Ebola patients during the current mission. "The two others are taking essential personnel and equipment; they're all looking forward to that and they're getting their rest," the official said. Ebola is still fighting a slow path across the West African continent, and healthcare is a top concern, the official said. He said new organizations are preparing for a possible move to the United States and told the media that they have requested a state of emergency in Liberia. Officials have warned that there may be a "risk" for military personnel if they decide to go to Liberia because of the Ebola crisis. They face a one-in-five chance of contracting the virus. Some troops who have been deployed in Liberia are headed to, Montana where Ebola has touched human beings. The United States is deploying about 40 troops and others across the border in neighboring Guinea, which is the focus of the epidemic.
(CNN) -- Two recent incidents have people questioning the basic goodness of humanity.|||Shawn Kale, CBS affiliate WDAF-TV, Killeen, Kansas, reports. The young woman asked to be sent to school was not a threat but called a liar, according to the station report. The suspect, described by WDAF in the report as a "young woman in her mid 20s, sweating profusely," also allegedly threw something in a store window, said one resident. Police said they detained the suspects and contacted the suspect, who said, "Don't bother us," WDAF reported. Another incident, an all-night bazaar fire in Manhattan Sunday night, seriously injured two people. One of the suspects, Victor Franko Roman, was critically injured. He is implicated in the midweek blast at a shopping mall, where a Chinese woman was found dead and, according to witnesses, a baby was crying, WDAF reported. The same day a truck carrying food and water was set alight, police were called to a Mexican-style warehouse fire, which turned violent and killed one civilian. Three dead, hundreds injured. If held, suspects face charges of murder, arson and arson. Author: Jennifer Berlinger.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 42 years after Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard L. Etchberger died on a Laotian mountaintop, President Barack Obama on Tuesday awarded him the Medal of Honor,  saying,  "It's never too late to do the right thing.  It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families."|||In "Tonight, my wife and I will offer our profound gratitude to the President for honoring the sacrifices that have been made by our fallen service members who have died in the line of duty over the past four decades and to the men and women who continue to step in to help us carry on the fight and prepare for the next phase of this war," President Barack Obama said in a statement. "The past is long gone, and we'll never forget the sacrifice that our heroes made nearly four decades ago.  It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families." The president asked Congress in April to award this year's Medal of Honor and other Medal of Valor designations to veterans who died during the Vietnam war, particularly to Haitian and Laotian troops. Etchberger is the second Air Force commander to be awarded the nation's highest military award. Last month, Vice President Joe Biden announced the first Medal of Valor on the list. Capt. Kenneth T. Kim, an Air Force Colonel and member of the 9/11 Joint Chiefs of Staff, received two medals Tuesday. Ektberger, a farmer from the rural town of Maung Thao, Laos, fell ill at sea in 1973 in what was then the Dien Bien Phu ethnic region of central Laos. A French helicopter carrying the helicopter vanished on the same day, authorities said, and two days later a group of eight hikers said the group had been kidnapped and held for ransom. Terrorist attack on Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Cambodia.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Get your dance shoes on. Korean singer Psy, who became a worldwide sensation with his smash hit "Gangnam Style," is making another attempt at a global phenomenon.|||Psy's dancers will perform in front of celebrities and executives in Miami, Florida, on September 10. Songwriters from across Asia will be on hand to choreograph some of the action. Everyone will have to enter a kiosk and share some instructions with the other dance artists and body language experts. "Joker of the World" was crowned winner of the 2013 choreography of the year award in San Francisco. "I was worried it was impossible to speak up so I tried by using the body language of body language that looked like a bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy bumpy'
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.|||It was furious over its stance on the issue. "Our aviation system is still not up to standards which are more consistent on the continued teaching of such ethical stewardship by Korean airlines. ... It is a clear abuse of power," said an official at the Ministry of Public Service and Promotion. Some potential points of failure for Korean Air include the airline's refusal to renew the airline's five-year contract with Onni Electronic, and delays caused by complaints that the snack was stuffed into a bag which wasn't permitted to remain. Airports run their own screening procedures, but Kim said some workers at ONni Electronics do not. Onni sells tours of tours. It has found that it is more popular to sell turkey and macadamia nuts on tour tours. Koreans are divided over where to shop on the issue. At last update, Pospo Kim, boss of Korea Air, had said that he would take the NTSB to prosecutors and "I will make a solution to the issue." Kim said his goal was to secure more safety for the 90,000 passengers on the flight. "He said that I will take I will make the environment comfortable for passengers as such. We are working to make the law in terms of the airline, environment, immigration policy and security even more far-reaching," the official said. "We are already making efforts to study Japan and the United States safety issue regarding our security. Onni is moving to investigate." In February, KAO 2 scheduled a flight for this week from Seoul's Hanghwa International Airport that was delayed more than an hour because it failed to get a box of ⅓-to-1.600-gram Duncan Macintosh nuts at the Korean Air depot in Chungcheong. The Northern Airlines executive has said that he had purchased Duncan Macintosh nuts from a Nakata company in Canada.
(CNN) -- Filmmaker Michael Moore, whose new documentary "Sicko" takes on America's health care system, faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta.|||Michael Moore made his debut in television last year, with "Everythi - the Documentary" as a special on special needs children. "It is not a man's tale anymore. It is an American story. We are not the hunter who hunts the prey," Moore says in the documentary. Eyeing patient's pain "am I getting another $.25 a pop?" From the Dallas-Fort Worth Intensive Care Unit, a $14,000 trauma center in Texas. Moore himself insists it has been a constant struggle to get people cared for. Eye on More: Obamacare -- The Health BenefitAt the clinic, he reminded patients of their requests for medications and prescription drugs. "They want to see their doctors. They want to see their ass kicked," he said. Patients were willing to pay a fixed price. "It's just people who care. The reason it's a problem is the cost." For the patients, that is the ability to afford medication, supplies and health insurance. Last week, CNN's Sean Patrick Maloney -- also a medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon, agreed to a challenge posed by CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta. "What should be the cost of health care? Should it be a rate at which Medicare buys your prescriptions?" Maloney asked. Not wishing to tax the uninsured or fail to provide healthcare, Dr. Gupta said not paying for it was the national government's obligation. "We want to help people," he said.
A single mom down on her luck was caught shoplifting at a Miami supermarket, but she didn't get hauled off to jail.|||"We can't believe it," Wadena Radzeger, 36, told reporters outside Wading Wading pool in Miami on Tuesday. "We just get to go back into the world." Wading Wading Pool in Miami: How to wade while you're missing a kid, busted shoplifting at South Florida store. Wading Wading Pool: It's been 20 years. Wading Wading Pool: This is why. Wading Wading Pool: Wading in a pool in the backyard, wading in a pond, wading in a pool, wading in a hole, wading in a pool, wading in a creek. Wading Wading Pool: A place to take an afternoon trip wading. Wading Wading Pool: Another hot day. Wading Wading Pool: A public gathering place, with information about challenging your diving license. Wading Wading Pool: Cutting in the middle of the street, all while wading along a lake. Wading Wading Pool: Wading in a shallow pool, wading up and down a small creek, wading across it. Wading Wading Pool: Why do you wear waders in public, even if you're a drifter? So that criminals can't accuse you of cheating on your license? Wading Wading Pool: This explains why there's an ugly lot of hockey equipment. Got a competition going on? Wading Wading: With a team from Colorado, we're working with a league to make wading wading wading wading wading more visible. Wading Wading: What is the goal of the Wading Wading League? And what is the commission? Wading Wading Wading: If the commission decides to do the wading they can join the city's Wading Wading Control Commission to enforce the rules, and the Department of Water Management and Environmental Protection said this season wading wading wading wading wading will be held to a higher standard and water restrictions will be imposed. Put it this way: Wading Wading Wading Wading: This is a "common sense" solution to prevent accidental and fatal drowning. It is crucial that millions of citizens must know how to wade. Why is there a problem? Because authorities have to keep up the same level of vigilance. That's what requires wading wading and wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading wading. It is not this easy. This is why we're saying...Wading Wading Wading Weading: What we learned from an officer who saw this. The deputy captain, who was wearing a uniform that says "Wading Wading: Protecting Wayward Children," realized at the scene Wading Wading Center wading pool is full of OPP swimmers. He was watching on a computer screen and realized he had noticed a women struggling to swim in a lake. So he approached her and a man behind him who was standing on a bridge. They immediately realized the deputy was wading Wading Center snagging wading pool. Detective John Doyle said officers didn't immediately call the wading pool head in fear of being detained. He has decided, however, to investigate. Police say officers didn't immediately respond to his report because he wasn't wearing any wading pool attire, but he could see that the officer was being "deliberately and deliberately covered with all manner of paraphernalia." "It is ironic that the officer is not using wading pool equipment to protect our children and protect our city," Dr. Dean Trusfick, a Miami Beach police spokeswoman, said. In another incident of mistaken identity at a store Tuesday, shoplifters drove a boy around in a "character flaw" to shoplift from the area. "The boy walked by the TV news crew and the shoplifters were not there to aid them," Trusfick said. At the store, the clerk gave the shoplifters the ability to buy a cell phone, resulting in two charges against three suspects. In one incident, the shoplifters got away with an additional charge of retail theft. "They're doing the real world," the station reported. No one was arrested, and the individual who shoplifted was released without being charged. "The shoplifters lost their job and are now in jail," Miami-Dade Police Sgt. Steve Lipps told the Miami Herald. Jail inmates said Wades Wading Parkway was showing no sign of apprehension, though he is clearly upset.
(CNN) -- The Director's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees for 2014, and you can probably guess who made the cut.|||As you already know, Darren Aronofsky and Blake Lively were nominated for their performances in the 2014 horror drama "Glee." The studio followed up on its successful feature-film debut, "Pretty Woman," with this one, a thriller with a much darker tone. Instead of bringing about gore, the horror feature boasts its director's signature creepy for good reason: its historic shot of Gore Vidal's iconic mountain scene. It also features an uncharacteristic talent roster, with this year's reigning best director award winner played by James Schamus, a fellow filmmaker known for his masterworks of production design. Here are today's top 12 director and writer nominations for 2014: Charlie Kaufman, director of animated movies, thrillers and other movies. Comparing the three projects, writer-producer Marc Shaiman's "Scooby-Doo," a short documentary. MDC's "Silver Linings Playbook."  Jeffrey Eugenides. Quentin Tarantino's "Blue is the Warmest Color." Based on the paintings of Robert Smith, the movie stars James McAvoy, Stanley Tucci, John Goodman, Jada Pinkett Smith and Sir Ben Affleck. It's a darkly entertaining tale of struggle against the music industry, a tale of literary genius and genius. Taking Oscar bibbing. David Salzman was nominated for his next film "Zoolander 2," which he wrote and produced. In between acting gigs, Salzman was the head of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, where he was named to five Academy Awards. EW's Richard Dawkins explains why Richard Branson is perfect for the directorial role. Read more. He provided notes on the direction for "The Night Manager" and said the maker did a great job. "Any modern director that can drip with emotional depth and witness and cut through the simple rigors of the climatic tension that ties everything together so beautifully is a true artist," he said. "The performance of those on set is extraordinary. And they do not need to do a two-hour work for that and they can work in multiple takes, and that's the beauty of it." More from EW: And then there's "Will & Grace," directed by Carter Jenkins. He received praise for the directorial style of his film. Jezza Burgos of the Guardian provided feedback on the movie, noting that Jones' "sickening visual impact is unique." UPDATE:  Watch other guys respond to REPORTS from viewers.
Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex. The rush of cold air it's  sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus. The gifts it brings, however, are chilling and generally unwelcome. Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures.|||(T.J. Drammeau/CBS SF)) See photos of the weather this week »: Download free photos from CNN iReport today »: CNN iReport is a member of the Climate Desk team. Click here to join the Climate Desk team. Why now? A massive solar blast is pushing cold air from the north and reshaping our own world. The rush of cold air it's sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus. It seems as if the actual event is just a warm-up. Here's the temperature forecast for Mexico, South America and the United States this winter. About 4.5 degrees on Sunday and 5.0 degrees Sunday. Expect that to get colder as the day goes on. On January 27 the temperature in the Chicago, Chicago area was 0 degrees F (-6°C). Below zero is expected throughout the rest of the Midwest and to the top of the Tennessee Valley. In Southern Georgia we're expecting 20 to 25 inches of snow. And we're in limbo. The average high temperature Sunday is going to be 20 degrees F (-6°C). This week, we expect top temperatures of 9 to 17 below zero, with lows of 5 to 10 below zero. The high freeze will extend to parts of western North America with low temperatures in the 30s, according to the U.S. High-Arctic Weather Prediction Center, a website that is staffed by climate change experts and runs statewide forecasts. With wind-chill warnings in effect for some of the more northern American states, such as Michigan, The heat will beat the cold. Whether the East catches up to the Midwest or it's south that wins, it's going to be still a very cold winter. By Wednesday night we could expect a maximum temperature of 16 degrees F (-4°C). Some areas will be above freezing but will experience extreme cold at night with snow down as far below the snow-capped ceilings. Winter temps will also plummet, possibly reaching as low as 18 below zero in Maine. CNN's Bill Monitor will be covering the snow storm. Due to melting mountain ice, snow will cover large areas across the eastern and central U.S. This is already the coldest week in years. The warm-up trend began early Friday as the Midwest fell into a deep freeze. The remarkable warmth later spread eastward but failed to penetrate key the weather system. The warm-up continued for most of the day, but across a broad swath of the southern U.S. remained in the upper north and northeast. Although temperatures were dropping around the Midwest and Northeast, Georgia reached a record high at 11 degrees F (-0.1 degrees Celsius), this was for a region where the average high was 20 degrees F (6.4 degrees C). The wind chill was even colder across southern parts of the U.S., though it was far warmer on the Gulf Coast. Photo: Esteban Felix/Getty Images Mexico is coming closer than usual to the U.S. this winter. The joy of a warm and dry winter, however, can't last. On Friday, the Cold Front of Winter will begin to tease the United States. The temperatures are expected to reach the mid-20s by early next week and plummet. That's good news for the Midwest and Northeast. We can expect a lot of snow but terrible news for middle and North America and Europe. We might have to rely on ice for much of the summer this year. The warm and dry season will bring a warming of the world's fastest growing regions.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Good news arrived Thursday for "Fifty Shades of Grey" fans.|||Fans can rejoice. The iconic "Fifty Shades of Grey" female lead, fan-favorite best-selling author and director Ana von Tunheim, and her British castmates Christian Grey, E.J. Miles, Stephanie Savage, David Slade, Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson and Anna Atwood appear at the 2012 Los Angeles screening of the film, in which they had written a gender-bending script for their lead female role. U.S. theaters can get an early pass for seeing the movie, which is partly a love story with women. Previously written by Cameron Crowe, Melissa Joan Hart and Michael E. Lynn, the film was criticized by critics for giving a bad girl bad-girl treatment who basically tries to pretend she didn't get raped. "Fifty Shades" was dedicated to strong women, especially damsels in distress. Yes, you read that correctly. It's not that it's not good for a woman or that it's not fair to be raped. I understand our ratings have dropped over the years, but more importantly... we really needed to convey a more authentic message. We need to teach people to have bodies and skin instead of having been pushed in our face." "Fifty Shades of Grey" had received one of the highest initial ratings of all Spoilers (we give the rating to holdovers) with a collective who were told the movie would bring out a SoHo Street star. Fans got their movie proposal from their favorite stars. "The moment they walked in I know I just let out a huge whoop in response to their smiles," read the notice. Fans had no idea that Spike Lee would direct a sequel to the spy drama about the "Fifty Shades of Grey" alien abduction and captive female spies, especially as the storyline goes from one element of the first film to another. And they certainly weren't expecting it from Anderson Cooper either. The deal that only officially signed -- and that was a page where actress Sharon Stone shared a photo of herself -- prevented SPOILERS in it from having a large effect on the film. "Because even actors talking about this scene know that the script and the storyline were going to be huge," Levine said in a statement. "Unfortunately, they couldn't agree to a quality level on the storyline, and it became our biggest creative problem and where the movie was ultimately told. The new version is a creative negotiation we never, ever want to put into anything." The project has been in development since 1994, but even here the filmmaker made it official, with the intent of playing two artistic directors: Caissie Levy and Marielle Heller. Co-writer Kay Cannon contributed to the announcement, along with Adrian Mellors and Ed Payne. Executive producer Barbara Broccoli penned an introduction to the movie. A younger male lead also has been in talks to co-star. The sequel -- dubbed "The Knights of Grey" -- hasn't been green-lighted, but agents and executives say they are close to having a deal. It was decided that it can be completed by the end of 2012, and the producers and agents currently are hoping to get a break and a trailer ready by then.
(CNN) -- First, there was "Flying While Muslim." This expression summed up the extra challenges of being an American Muslim when flying on commercial airlines.|||As we find out now with the hijacking of a Qatar Airways plane, we are increasingly hearing these crazy stories from a variety of countries, including Uzbekistan, with an emphasis on what apparently happened to Qatari citizen Yuna Sharif when she was boarding a plane from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. "Oh my gosh," she mumbled, "I'm not supposed to be here." Before she was cleared by a U.S. Foreign Service officer for boarding the plane, she simply refused to comply. The first plane she was on came in the middle of an international flight. "Oooooh," she would say, at least twice in private, much to her embarrassment. "Sorry, U.S. Airline. No way in hell!" It was a dangerous experience. In her typical, stylish manner, she often wore a hijab. She worked long days of long hours, traveling many miles in an effort to become physically fit. After she took off, her bare shoulders would sag and sag, making it look like she was taking a nap. "I swear I have never looked so tired before," she would mutter.
(CNN) -- Chilean officials declared a "catastrophe" in eight municipalities Wednesday after heavy snow blanketed communities and blocked roads in what the nation's interior minister called a "white earthquake."|||"(Residents) have been counting the faces, the hair and they've all been counted the missing," said Alejandro Allen, the vice president of the local government. "I am always surprised by the respect to the people to take every thing very seriously." After the disaster was declared, nearly 9,000 nationals -- two thirds of them of elderly age -- went home, Allen said. Authorities are expecting up to 3 million people to travel to unaffected areas, while repairs are being made to the damaged areas, Allen said. The weather created a "quakesquake volume" that swelled to 12 kilometers kilometers kilometers in depth, Allen said. It was found to be within 90 miles of the epicenter, about 10 kilometers from Pozo's Paranapanpe. About one in 100 Chileans were injured in the quake, he said. The incident has re-kindled wounds in the historic city of Atacama. Dozens of homes were damaged when the quake occurred, while thousands more suffered a fall down slopes. The quake damaged more than 25,000 houses. The quake also triggered a series of landslides throughout the south and central areas. CNN's John Nilsson contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Rifts within the Anglican Communion could widen after the archbishop of Canterbury, who has condemned the consecration of openly gay bishops, urged a diminished role Friday for the Episcopal Church.|||Rev. Mark Chandler, one of the three bishops meeting at the Canterbury Anglican Episcopal Conference, told reporters there was no plan to change the position of Bishop David Sheppard, who took office last year. The bishop's decision was one of the first in the 145-year history of the U.S. Anglican Communion to allow gay men to be ordained to the priesthood -- a legal feat rarely achieved in the Episcopal church. The issue has raised tension between same-sex families and those who believe they don't have a place in church leadership, including some LGBT clergy. The move to ordain gay men has stirred anger among some Episcopalians, who are trying to stand up to a co-ordinated protest march in New York late Friday that will draw prominent members of the Anglican clergy and other church members to protest the proposal to allow clergy to freely practice same-sex marriages. The meetings are part of a broader effort by the 11-nation church to set a broad set of goals, like anti-discrimination, LGBT youth group, and acceptance of priests, clergy and legal guardians. The bishops' meeting comes one day after the Church of England announced that it will use Francis to write the next Episcopal statement on gay clergy in South Carolina and bolster the Church of England's efforts to outlaw same-sex marriage. "In this motion, he says that the Ecumenical Union has entrusted him with the pastoral concerns of the Anglican Communion's 63 members and with the sacred heritage and the piety of all of the clergy." The summits of the Anglican and Catholic churches worldwide are to meet Saturday and Sunday. The steps to marry gay men and break the ties could throw the entire Anglican Communion into disarray. Bishop Michael Hayden, who resigned after the Gay and Lesbian Question was presented to him last year, has defended the consecration of openly gay bishops. But Bishop David Sheppard said the decision to allow gay men to lead the church comes in direct conflict with St. Luke's Episcopate -- the Anglican Diocese of South Australia that includes her own diocese. The bishop said his concerns were put forth following the decision by the pope to force the Catholics to oppose the more explicit recognition of sexual and moral ambiguity in church teaching. At the Metropolis Conference, the bishops will be looking at the constitution in the United States for proposals. The Episcopal bishops also last month made public a list of 30 missing Catholic clergy who entered the U.S. underground in the presence of gay people.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The newly named lawyer for Michael Jackson's children makes her first court appearance Monday as a judge decides if he'll approve a contract between Jackson's estate and concert promoter AEG Live.|||Kimmunity obtained with a judge in California to oversee claims against Jackson's estate brought by his daughter, Katherine. Vice President Sheila Grochowska, and the rest of Jackson's estate want the multi-million-dollar deal to be settled by a judge, but Grochowska said attorneys for the estate and AEG Live are in talks with the judge who ordered her appointment. That judge, Kenneth L. Conroy, ruled in December after hearing two lawsuits in California seeking to shield Jackson's children from culpability in the music mogul's death. According to the lawsuits, Jackson left behind debts totaling $67 million and charities owed $6 million. Another eight children, including his half-brother, Prince, claim they owe more than half a million dollars in unpaid gigs owed from his band. Another lawsuit contends the organization failed to handle about a year of chronic email abuse by a boy. Other lawsuits claim they have been let go because the children neglected to report the complaints to their guardian or to the police. More recently, a lawyer representing Jackson's children has suggested they have been mislabeled by their guardian. In the circumstances, Grochowska was named by the family's attorneys as a potential investigator who would help figure out who neglected Jackson and what violations the children allegedly suffered in the months after his death, Grochowska said.
(CNN) -- North Korea's state news agency reported Friday that the country's Internet servers are subject to daily "intensive and persistent virus attacks" that the government blames on "hostile forces" including the United States.|||North Korea has been subjected to a series of major attacks, including "deep infiltrations," the state-run Korea Central News Agency said. The attacks "examined the weakness and performance of the Korean nation's infrastructure and provided with adequate evidence that this untoward and repeated attack by foreign malicious forces poses a threat to the North Korean homeland." The report did not indicate whether Pyongyang has successfully taken all the alleged attacks into its own hands. It did not offer specific numbers to the number of hit computers. North Korea has the capability to hack people's computers, the news agency said. Some virus attacks have affected residential devices. The nation's government website directs the nation's most troubled Internet users to the Huawei Web solution -- which provides its users with security software. Pyongyang said last week that computer viruses are starting to attack the country's carriers. Carriers are alerting customers when passenger buses or other vehicles arrive, while alerting customers when a letter in a letter box with a classified message is handed over. These carriers are being warned, including the U.S. Air Force, to report to North Korea if they receive a delivery. Some carriers may try to avoid telling customers to report any virus attacks, because it might raise security issues at the end of the visit, the state-run agency said. The malware that damages the networks relies on incoming delivery systems. The carrier infected carriers to avoid detection. Currently, none of North Korea's cargo facilities can handle North Korean cargo, but all commercial cargo can be sent from a trusted partner, the report said. Computer viruses attacks have increased and continue to impact delivery infrastructure. "The government's cyber security team has been working intensively and continuously to clear the virus attacks from the network and local operators must therefore quickly take strict action against those responsible and intensify the testing and evaluating procedures immediately to protect civilians," the news agency said in an online statement. The government also wants high-tech countries to refrain from providing Internet services to North Korea, the North Korea statement said.
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania judge Friday struck down a law requiring voters in the state to show photo identification at the polls, saying the requirement imposed "unreasonable burden" on voters and represented "a legislative disconnect from reality."|||The judge, Arthur Stanley, issued a ruling Friday afternoon in a case originally brought by the Pennsylvania Department of Public Instruction's Motor Vehicle Division. Sullivan noted the agency's question about photo ID identification was presented in a paper gathered by Philiporro, the Pennsylvania director of public information. The investigation, which began in June, took months and involved public assistance from the state. Court documents show Pennsylvania Attorney General Arnold Saxe's office issued an affidavit ordering the photo identification requirement be removed from Pennsylvania voters' vehicles in August. The law passed under Saxe's leadership after the governor vetoed a referendum to implement the law at the polls. The law became law after the Pennsylvania Supreme Court struck down a similar law in 2006. The state Attorney General's office has argued the requirement creates confusion and would interfere with security and election security, leading to longer lines at the polls. The law was also challenged on appeal by a federal magistrate judge in Poconos, New York, Judge Alvin Van Winkle said in the opinion. The magistrate Judge eventually signed it into law, according to the law. "The statute ... is an extraordinary burden," he wrote. "An assembly with government mandate cannot reasonably enforce a state law that compels a minority of his people to make a mistake or avoid error. It's simply wrong in the extreme." There is no precedent to be found as to how important photo ID is, but officials have described the mandate as "illustrative of Congress' penchant for lawlessness." The judge said Justice Samuel Bossert, Jr. presented his 115-page opinion in support of the Prosecute General's Order in Moreau County. According to the order, as a result of "late October electioneering on and subsequent confusion concerning the voting system, long lines and insufficient resources led to an oversaturated primary election and a subsequent breakdown in the ballot." Officials for Pennsylvania Secretary of State Bob Casey said the presidential veto was tied to the law. Casey has denied the assertion that his team played any role in the law, which was ultimately upheld by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court last fall. In the case which led to today's ruling, plaintiff Obadiah R. Canne, who was charged with tampering with a motor vehicle, pleaded not guilty and will be sentenced May 23 in a civil habeas corpus. In that case, he pleaded not guilty in the matter, but is awaiting trial in the criminal case against her husband, Joseph Canne. Senior Magistrate Judge Louis Kaspar III agreed with prosecutors that the law raised serious concerns for voters. In that hearing, Kaspar allowed defendants to seek permission to conduct research into other states. "I see no reason why he can't be properly ruled upon today," Kospar said. Even though the measure failed to override a two-thirds vote of Pennsylvania's Legislature, Chief District Court Judge Stephen Levine agreed with Kaspar that the law put government officials out of "control of the public process." Cohen's ruling strikes down the state law, and he said judges are not bound by the number of ballots cast, and against less qualified people, who the law requires. The law could have caused big problems for some Pennsylvania voters, especially during controversial votes.
(CNN) -- A newly found pharaoh's tomb in Egypt has historians scrambling to rewrite the chronicles of the ancient kings of the Nile.|||A journalist exploring the century-old tomb of the Egyptian pharaoh discovered two fragments of gold in an area in the Nile Valley. The group Believe in the Search worked with British and French archaeologists who first discovered the tomb at Sebe, the site of the 7th Dynasty tombs during the Egyptian Period. The remains will be stored in one of the tombs until it's ready to be shown at the National Museum of Ancient Egypt, said John Mayfield, a professor at King's College London's School of Oriental and African Studies. He said the history of the tombs and their history was carefully reconstructed for the first two dynasties, although the tombs will have to be redone as there was no book of chronicles. "All of this is changing the standard of how it was written," said Mayfield, who has written a book called "Egypt: From One Invasion to Another," and teaches classes in Egypt at Columbia University and the University of Pennsylvania. "I'm amazed that even in the stone age, such great works of art could go unnoticed." The find of a great-great-great-great granddaughter of King Tutankhamen, King Tutankhamen's third son, has sparked speculation about his identity and ties to the history of the present world. Meanwhile, historians say that King Tutankhamen's rule was not far from the time of his reign. The discovery -- which nearly was announced Thursday -- has historians scrambling to find historical evidence to support the king's historical account of their people's early days. A team from research organization Pre-History Group have surveyed the Egyptian royal tombs, news of which came from news outlets. Mayfield said the discovery has opened the door to new archaeological research methods, including research into archaeological sites dating back 1,500 years. The mummy's identity was discovered in 1933. It was buried in another King Tutankhamen's tomb at Sebe near Laski.
(CNN) -- The European Union imposed a ban Friday on the import of Syrian oil, the latest diplomatic move against Bashar al-Assad's embattled regime.|||Obama administration officials said the countries agreed to ban Syria from buying oil for at least six months. The decision followed international pressure for regime change. The decision comes as Syria faces the prospect of more civil war. Read more: Oil is key to stop Syrian oil crisis. The president ordered the EU, Turkey, Russia, Lebanon and Jordan to cut off supplies in a nearly two-year old crisis, which was sparked by a government chemical attack. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, is accused of using the chemical weapon. Russian state television and news agency RIA Novosti reported the two countries agreed last week on extending sanctions against Syria until some of its military supplies are cut off. The U.S. State Department said earlier this month it had imposed sanctions on Syria and the opposition Syrian National Coalition over his use of chemical weapons. The list of countries suspending aid to Syria is expected to grow in coming months, U.N. officials said. The dispute between the Assad regime and the opposition is sparking concern in the region and companies that buy Syrian oil. Russia and Iraq, fighting against the rebel forces, have cut off supplies to the country, forcing the government to cut back on its own oil supplies in an effort to combat escalating violence, the U.N. said Thursday. With more sanctions to come, aid is likely to fall through in Syria. The cutbacks with Syrian oil could force Syrian rebels to turn to food aid, according to the Syrian Liberation Front, a rebel coalition. On Sunday, U.S. officials said sanctions against Russia over gas sales may also extend, the U.S. State Department said. Russia is one of the countries in the region that has developed a trade embargo against the U.S. over its handling of gas supplies. Russia has threatened economic sanctions against the U.S. over Russia's sanctions on Syria. It is unclear whether those sanctions will apply to oil. The European Union said it agreed to impose a four-month embargo on allowing imports of oil from Syria until full negotiations are held. The bloc's oil ministers met in Tel Aviv on Thursday, where they agreed to extend the ban. Washington said it also had discussed imposing oil sanctions against Syria, but that the idea was not within the scope of its request. In the meeting, the head of the EU's oil, oil and gas union, Pierre Moscovici, agreed to impose an embargo on importing oil from Syria, the EU said in a statement. "In Europe it is absolutely necessary that all countries comply with the binding provisions of the EU's Oil Convention on the Supplies of Oil and Gas to International Organizations," Moscovici said. Thursday, Moscovici called for Europe to include Syria in the EU's trade sanctions against Iran. The EU decision came a day after U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the world "deserves better from the oil from Syria" and suggested that the country step up efforts to develop alternative sources. On Thursday, European officials said the parties reached an agreement to ban the sale of oil to the Arab Republic of Syria, meaning that the government would continue to rely on imports by military, civilian and diplomatic means for its survival. However, the EU members agreed that its decision to ban the sale of oil will still not freeze supply, the EU said. "We conclude that the continued use of Syrian petroleum by the government of Bashar al-Assad is banned from civilian channels, and that it is the duty of the international community to act to impose strong measures to avoid the continuing use of the weapons of mass destruction," the EU statement said.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers.|||Editor's Note: The opinion of CNN.com senior writer and vice president Matt Green maintains that the video's focus and investigative approach complement each other's standards of reporting and fair coverage. This is not a review of the website. In response to a request made for comment from the Editor, we had this response:We love VICE. In fact, we look forward to working with them in the future. But right now there are all sorts of interesting stories out there that might interest you. And we have a lot to add to the VBS discussions. See other recommendations at CNN.com, on our site and even on our Facebook page. This article, written by Stephanie Nussbaum, covers VICE's VBS News. The following is the documentary director's commentary on a report produced for the site. Please note that, at no time, does VICE say the author did not say that they did not write the report. VBS is a media company that produces the television network. It is available at any of the following locations: NBCUniversal Cablevision, Verizon FiOS and AT&T Wireless. At a very early stage of VBS news, there were only about two dozen available original news-related video projects produced by the team. The video reviewers are ranked by the age of the filmmaker and have a crack-down on pornography, covering the subjects from age of 14 to 31. The below videos give you a larger view of the videos and get your money's worth in less than a minute. Each time we rotate through the videos, we put a different director on screen and interview the person, asking them to comment on them. We think this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. Click here to access and download the VBS News.
Quito, Ecuador (CNN) -- Voters in Ecuador might have a chance to weigh in on a high-profile case of sibling rivalry.|||Bl*Javier Osorio, a single adult who was allowed to make subsidized medical decisions including abortion, did not respond to a request for comment Sunday morning. In a letter, he said he was "acting as a proxy for his (and his wife's) family. "I am sorry for the loss and injustice caused by his ex-wife and her legal counsel because he left her." According to the Spanish-language El Pais, Ecuador's election supervisor suggests they will let the family have an open primary, but ruled against the country's constitutional provision that will allow cross-citizen primaries to establish governments. The elections are open for four years and require a majority of candidates to be born in the same country. Ecuador has been convulsed by guerrillas, drug trafficking and political chaos since 1989. People have died in a range of ways, ranging from kidnapping to drowning to violence between two brothers. In one such case of a race for governor, there was a gunman who shot his own brother in the face. The governor's office has since suspended the election. Español newspaper CNN quoted Osorio as saying Saturday that such a poll would be "crazy" and that the source of the article was inaccurate. "I don't think it's an election question, it's an emotional thing," Osorio told the newspaper. "It's kind of bad that they're speculating."
(CNN) -- The global appeal of football can hardly be doubted. It is said the membership of ruling body FIFA exceeds that of the number of member countries in the United Nations.|||The site of next month's 2014 world cup has been booked for Abuja, the Nigerian capital, but others are racing to get in on the action with the likes of defending champions AC Milan, world cup winner Liverpool and the 2018 World Cup finalist Germany already having confirmed their participation. A preliminary to the final, the defending champions, Chelsea, will face either Mexico or Germany in the Stade de France on June 8. Guinea-Bissau is due to be announced as an opponent on July 6. Laguiana, a football club based in Senegal, recently received a massive six-figure pay rise. A total of more than 1,200 footballers signed a five-year contract worth a total of 50 million quid (£23,000), or a gross monthly salary of $45,000. In another example of the game reinforcing its international appeal, a Brazilian squad beat Internazionale and the Osaka Thunder 1-0 on June 4 to win the 2012 NBA World Cup, while in 2012 judo is playing Barcelona in the World Cup group stage at the Nou Camp. The most recent World Cup result is a 1-1 draw for Argentina on May 14 as Barcelona star Lionel Messi and Mohamed Salah wrestle in the opening match of the European soccer championship.
(WIRED) -- It seems impossible for Apple to put a decent camera into anything but the iPhone, and despite many hopes, both cameras in the iPad 2 are about as rudimentary as you could get without having to load a roll of film in there.|||All of this is because Apple's digital photography service has been underperforming ever since the iPhone 4's camera was canceled earlier this year. Not only does the camera function, it's now ready for the iPad 2. The iPhone proved that the iPad can shoot incredibly well on its own without being hamstrung by a Mac or other smartphone built to the rules: the screen is actually pretty great. While the 640 x 640 screen that's available with the iPad doesn't have a real retina, which makes it a good thing that you can still see your screen if you're dropping your iPad into a corner. Clear, crisp photos result, and Apple says its "airport ready." Hooray for the iPad. That said, the iPad also needs little else. Four cameras -- three on the bottom, three on the top, and a mic on the bottom -- are already ready for use, and the camera app is probably the best one on the iPad. It promises an excellent 5-megapixel sensor, and is all set up to snap photos in about 5.5 seconds if it's working properly -- apart from the slotted viewfinder and the camera controller buttons, which aren't working. Like many tablets, it's hard to understand why you're upset. Many of the settings work really well with the updated format and camera -- there's no slacking off. This is a capable tablet. For example, after just a few minutes, I had some slight issues with needing to check a timer. I had to manually set it to 30 second intervals and all kinds of really annoying things like going too long before I could snap, then keeping the camera focused on you to take a picture of that figure. Most of these issues disappeared when I edited Photoshop with the camera, but you can still fix a problem like this with Lightroom or Photoshop Pro. Get the footage, tap back to the original shot and enjoy your new iPhone or iPad photos! Technically, none of this is a massive problem. They aren't the first tablets to come with cameras, but what are the chances that apps will have them? The camera app is buggy, although there's a dedicated YouTube app for that. The camera is a lot more ready for the smartphone. It takes about 3-7 minutes to shoot for a single camera, depending on the subject. The single camera is built into an internal memory that's 800g, with a 3-megapixel camera at the top that takes photos for 24 megapixels. Plus, in order to snap a picture, you're allowed to shoot in 3mm range. When you shoot your own photos with the camera app, you can store film or a self-portrait. Easy, right? Keep on keeping going. The touchscreen is pretty crisp, but not quite crisp. Wait and see what you get -- because it's all Apple's fault. You can also ask the tablet to dial down the quality if you want more peace of mind.
FACETIME: Ferit Sahenk, Chairman,   Dogus Holding.|||JACKETS: In their book banks main issue is when banks are not on the hook for loans. Something which has been a problem for banks over recent years. As the financial system has become to leveraged, the customers of banks have become more secure. This usually spells a decrease in loans. In Denmark, the cause of banks stressed is bad loans from export customers who lost their agricultural wealth. Businesses like the shipping industry produce much of the goods in the country, exporting them abroad and living from that export earnings. But banks are poorly regulated. A variety of decisions have been taken including those related to lending to foreign banks. Over the last five years, lending practices have deteriorated and failed to cope with a rise in bad loans. In September, the Danish central bank left the country's banks "jailed" over the reckless lending that has led to a rise in bad loans. The decision followed a mutual S-curve warning issued by banks, saying that lenders should no longer take additional risks. S-curve is the same number of days between the time a bank's loan is converted into loans. This can cause banks to overlever, often resulting in bad loans, pushing them into the red. The banks who cannot pay the time would have to be hit financially, as credit quality would normally suffer, too. So banks bring loans with them to the market and if the deposit gets declined, the banks are left with less and less credit. In the past, Denmark has become known as a risk-acceptance destination because of its struggling lenders. Since 1999, the bank has had to get on with paying its bills. This has meant waiting to repayment about three years or, in some cases, completing the loan -- and paying the interest on the overdue balance during that time. As a result, many of the banks' loans are now on the collateralized basis. This is in turn leading to the problems in the industry. In November last year, the bank said it planned to cut the interest rate on S-curve credit by 50 basis points by May 2012. This is a critical step in a fragile global financial system, as economies spend ever higher amounts of money on credit creation. The poor debt levels are a major threat to growth. If credit is placed on the non-payment list for repayment, there is the risk that debtors will be reluctant to renew their loans.
(CNN) -- Six Chinese Communist Party investigators have been sentenced to between four and 14 years in jail after they drowned a local official during a botched interrogation that has shone light on China's secretive extrajudicial processes.|||The crackdown started when a local police official refused to go along with the interrogation, and two people died in March. The incident took place at a police station in the west Tibetan village of Bangu, said Koi Chingyao, a journalist with the website Tibet Net. He told CNN at the time that four investigators were present during the incident when Bu Zhongyu lost consciousness and was pronounced dead at 9 p.m. The investigation found that it had been not conducted with the normal process, he added. One investigator said he saw the red lights when he approached the captured official's body. Further testing revealed that the man had been beaten by a police officer and had been hit with wooden and iron fists. After the executions, police straitjackets the suspects and transport them away in the underground prisons. The government is trying to show that it is firmly committed to arresting all potential criminals. But new research from the secretive People's Republic of China recently revealed that detention, interrogation and even execution are routine in the country. There is no official threshold limit, but experts think that restrictions on citizens in prisons and detention centers -- largely overseen by Chinese Communist Party -- are growing. The United States recently accused the Chinese government of amassing a government network of torture and executioners. But to some people in China, those allegations are veiled as concerns that the campaign of retribution would lead to more murders. "The government needs to face the reality that what it is doing can be dangerous to the basic security of the people. The increased social tension is creating huge problems among the people in China and we have to solve it even if it's very difficult. The problem is China has become paranoid about every person, in some cases people with a bad reputation. It's very difficult to see how many people there really are out there. The thing is, that the country is very divided on this," China Daily quoted a human rights lawyer named Gao Haiying. The Communist Party said it is unable to guarantee the safety of anyone when they enter criminal proceedings. "We cannot be sure that we will be free to each person," he told the newspaper. The figures of death tolls, for those killed during police investigations, exceeded 100 people last year. In 2011, the largest government ever for domestic violence in China rose to nearly 500,000. In all, more than 12,000 people were killed or injured in China between 1990 and 2011, while nearly 60,000 had already died since 2001.
(CNN) -- Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio said Tuesday he shrugged off reports of a $1 million bounty on his head by Mexican drug cartels, saying this is not the first -- nor the largest.|||Arpaio, who serves as the Arizona's top law enforcement officer, described those efforts to catch his enemies as "basically gang warfare," calling the story "propaganda to score points." Earlier this month, the Dallas Police Department said "an informant" it had recently hired inside the drug lord's home told officials that Mexican cartels had paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for the job -- a decision not entirely surprising given the high profile of one of the biggest drug cartels to operate in the United States, according to CBS affiliate KTVK. And the FBI launched an investigation into the phone-hacking case, which resulted in the death of a cartel agent in Tijuana, Mexico. According to the gang's website, police officer Migrant Patrol C.P. and foreign police allegedly were involved in a phone-hacking operation. The relationship between the men in question and authorities in Tijuana, who have offered to pay $1 million for him, came to light when an investigative researcher discovered the alleged extortion, though the victim, a Myanmar army officer, denies it. The police report says that hundreds of men from the country sent by Myanmar in late March have bought guns from the United States, arming, instructing and even arming government police units in their territory. The officer said the money had been paid by authorities, which the Associated Press did not independently confirm. "The fact that the two. The killing of the Iraqi pilot, U.S. Marines were involved in ... extortion and an attempt to kill ... immigrants who sought to cross into Mexico from Myanmar is really the implication that I am an agent of the Mexican drug cartels. Any people in my own country who come over and work for me could be someone that could do me harm if I gave them information to try to help them. But I haven't received any information and I haven't -- I have learned nothing about it, in fact, I don't know anything at all. All I know is I have responsibilities because I am charged with providing security at the Arizona-Mexico border." The United States has a long history of dealing drugs. Many of the drug cartels on the border are Mexican cartels. The two countries go hand in hand. In 2009, Mexico attacked the United States for withholding payments to three U.S. government agencies. When the question of illegal immigration was discussed in law enforcement circles, an immigration official in Arizona issued an alarming report, saying, "The Latin American immigration question is a very sensitive topic. It is a very sensitive issue. It is a serious issue for many Americans today." It said the report included fear of another crackdown by U.S. immigration authorities and that new, redrawn border security requirements could jeopardize the country's long-term security. In recent years, the DEA has been granted new, broad authority to try to stop several major drug cartels from operating. Seven of those cartels face an almost total ban in Mexico, which affects nearly 70 million people and nearly every day counts.
(CNN) -- Passengers on the US Airways flight that crash-landed into the Hudson River Thursday afternoon praised the actions and courage of the pilot, a safety consultant with 40 years of experience in the aviation industry.|||LZawadzki paid tribute to the "hard work and courage" of Capt. Reyvette Behar. "(Mr. Behar) demonstrated extraordinary courage in his extremely difficult situation, which is shocking," she said. "I cannot think of a better human being than him and his family." Speaking to reporters, Behar, 69, had no ill effects or injuries sustained on the flight. No explanation for the crash occurred at this time. Another aircraft is not involved, U.S. Airways said.
(CNN) -- A person's risk of stroke is associated with the number of fast-food restaurants near their residence, according to a study presented Thursday at a stroke conference in San Diego, California.|||The greatest increase in brain concentration was observed in communities that have a large number of fast-food restaurants, including Houston, Texas, San Antonio, Texas, and Beaumont, Texas. Most of these restaurants are in fast-food communities -- an area with a good proportion of fast-food restaurants. For residents in the study area, mean maximum presence of fast-food restaurants decreased by 26%. A 16% average reduction in brain concentration occurred in these places. There were, on average, six incidents in one hour of life with a record high brain concentration and risk of stroke. The hospital in Beaumont, Texas, surveyed its residents and total responders to the issue. Speed-induced stroke can occur several months in advance, when there is already an increase in the concentration of brain-injury-causing substances at the site where a stroke occurs, researchers said. Fast-food restaurants are an example of a widespread problem, according to a study looking at smokers, the study authors wrote in a statement. Altered eating patterns and increased caloric intake may be a risk factor for developing strokes, they said. While BMI may reduce heart rate and blood pressure in stroke patients and may be a possible source of low-sugar fuel, diet may be a contributor, as did having diabetes, the study authors wrote. "Cooking in extreme cold is not a reliable measure of the fat content of blood or reducing the percentage of the HIA A in the bloodstream," they wrote. "Even though the recommended fat is low to begin with, there is an important improvement when the HIA B decreases." In effect, these research findings "add to our understanding of potential novel risk factors for stroke," the team wrote. As many as one-in-four people with a fatal stroke were at least exposed to carbon dioxide in the blood prior to the stroke. It is uncertain if the risk was higher in the farthest northern areas of the country, where many of the fast-food facilities were located. But researchers say that a "switchback effect" might be occurring, in which the leading cause of stroke may increase the number of fast-food restaurants in the vicinity. Fast-food consumption may contribute to obesity and cardiovascular health problems, the researchers wrote. In addition, they say it may be related to smoking and a risk of developing a genetic disorder.
|||. had fever. The cause has now been proven. In cold. The global slowdown of interest rates is likely to be even more steep. Please stay safe.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "my name back" after he was identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.|||Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "my name back" after he was identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich. Blagojevich, who is accused of running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008, was named as one of the "cash for favors" employees in a January court filing by the Illinois attorney general's office. Blagojevich is accused of directing almost $1 million in pay-for-play payoffs to wealthy friends. CNN's Jillian Bach contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- With the posting of 400,000 classified documents from the Iraq war, WikiLeaks has shown a much heavier hand redacting compared to its previous publication of documents.|||But in releasing the document without any redacting, a watchdog group called Every Parent Loves a Gun noted: "The WikiLeaks document ... can be ignored simply because there isn't a need to hide it. It is meant to provide needed information to the White House. A report by a high-profile Washington watchdog, Human Rights Watch, also suggested that some information was included or was not there at all in the report. One description read, in part, "a brigade commander reviewed the service plan of troops within the perimeter that would have no authority to sign the demilitarized zone of operations within the same space." An online description of the document was provided to CNN. The Times is a news division of The New York Times.
(CNN) -- Many celebrities have taken part in the CNN Heroes campaign and attended the annual "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" shows. Here, we reach out to some of them and learn about the ways they've chosen to get involved and give back.|||The CNN Heroes campaign began in May 2008 as a way to thank journalism for the contributions made by a wide range of people and organizations. The campaign has raised more than $12 million to date and counts CNN personalities, celebrities and sports fans among its supporters. While the campaign has taken off, some of the public will also see them now. To honor the event, some of the stars and newspeople were chosen by guest-starring folks for different roles. They did it by choosing the charity they chose to work for. Celebrity honors by CNN contributed more than $35,000 to CNN's 2017 Heroes of the Year campaign, the network announced. The other competitions were as follows: All-Star weekend: Presidents' holiday weekend: Televison Conference: Comedy Central's "Family Guy." Thank you to the families for having them and sharing their stories. Aug. 4, 2006: Jennifer Ray, Jimmie Lee Walker and "Love and Hip Hop" host Cher Johnson talk about their contributions. Follow them on Twitter @cherjenniferjra and @cherkeller. June 11, 2008: Jennifer Vargas talks about her award-winning documentary series "Capital Cities" and children's journalism exhibit at WGA, which she co-founded. Why she went for mayor: She wanted to help others overcome their own mistakes and begin helping others achieve their dreams in the communities they live in. Follow her on Instagram and Facebook.
Teachers and Parents: Watch with your students or record "Black in America 2" when it airs on CNN on Wednesday, July 22 at 9 p.m. ET and Thursday, July 23 at 8 p.m. ET. By recording the documentaries, you agree that you will use the documentaries for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only. No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted, including, without limitation, any rights to sell, publish, distribute, post online or distribute in any other medium or forum, or use for any commercial or promotional purpose.|||"In our new series for educators around the country," he said, "because of an emerging issue -- Browning and how Americans view the world black skin is increasingly causing people in his world to look the other way, especially young people." "We wanted to bring people together to talk about these issues," he said. "An analogy that is also used in the Third World was that African history is really historical record dating back 200 years." The series is made up of interviews, webinars and images from that period of time that illustrate American history and presents the lessons from historians and researchers from that period. Viewers are welcome to leave comments, suggest topics for discussion about Black History and explain why they have also showed up in stories about the Civil Rights Movement. "The more we build and understand black history, the more our own students will do the same," one parent said. "There is no way that anyone will deny the inherent value of history for them." "The same authority cannot deny the importance of the principles that emerged as part of the controversial civil rights movement: the right to equal protection and the guarantee of a fair trial by a jury of law, as well as free speech." Yes, I can get one on my phone and have a question. On Your Side: How do you think the United States educational system works? Questionnaires and resources. Learn more. "What is the underlying premise? The potential lessons it teaches; what actions we take to take those ideas forward. What are the reasons why we are the way we are? What tools do we have to help inform the information that we want to learn? Why does it matter whether a list of questions is all there? What is the relevance of this information? What questions do you have for your students or for your educators? How do you answer those questions so that you can use your young people to teach them about black history and issues in today's world?" Think more. That's the question. Read more. Read more. Ask a student what to think. Use the and interview video to guide you through the slides. You can record a video with one student who asks a question, or a class who asks a question and then view your video in the video on your computer, mobile device, iPad or tablet. To use the videos to see the videos while you're in class, click here to access the Audio Prescription section of the materials provided. If you're a teacher, you can record a video by clicking here to access the curriculum videos provided by your classroom instructor. If you have other questions, types of video programs and audio sources that you may like to use to create videos to accompany your class recordings, such as textbooks or music, then you can use those resources. Additionally, there is a video section for teachers and family members to access recordings of any lessons they may have taught or those accompanying the lessons. You do not need to have a classroom of your own to use these materials. Remember to document the videos if you are recording, as a teacher or family member might have personal recordings of the lessons. And teachers must abide by any legal guidelines for recordings, whether posted on the Internet, PDF file format or manual version. Each teacher can record in any format that he or she wants, whether in a classroom, classroom or classroom setting. The only right a teacher and/or a parent or guardian can have is the right to be heard by hearing an instructor or family member over the use of their voice and/or the use of video or audio as a guide to completing a class. The document may be accompanied by a transcript, a video recorded or from a hard copy, a PDF, video or audio or a printed version of the curriculum. We will not charge you for this viewing. This series is for educators and families who agree that the materials produced by CNN and its respective partners, including CNN-TV (CNN) International and CNN-TV International, are educational and in line with the Universal Cultural Standards. CNN programs are not commissioned by or endorse CNN or the Civil Rights Educational Association (UNI) and the Human Rights Campaign (UNHCR). CNN-TV (US) and the Human Rights Campaign's Education Network will lead the network through a comprehensive screening and discussion about black history. CNN-TV Chicago and Chicago, Illinois will also use "Living in America" for black educators.
(RealSimple.com) -- 12 Fresh Cloth Napkins.|||It's certainly a convenient way to make three meals in one night. Using either a grocery or yard sale gift card at the grocery store, you'll create a big family cleaning list of prep work. The list, released by popular meal solutions website Fresh Cloth, is mind-boggling in quantity and flavor. It features items like buttermilk pancakes, fried chicken, vegan hot chips, jumbo meal packs and three things you can't find in the grocery store. But unless you eat at least six of these meals, you'll have to make do with what you have on hand. The meal plan samples include takeout box meals, sandwiches, curries, leftovers, noodle bowls, weeknight dinners and fast meals. Your home's dishes will likely be bright red and your dish towels will be flushed. The trash can won't open the dirty napkins. Once you have your menu established, easy cleanup job! No dirty dishes to deal with. No mess to clean up. Except for maybe the outside edge and tag tags. And the lid on the lid. However, the napkins are washable. Most brands will wash the napkins using a bleach solution. You'll keep your napkins intact. When you wash, you'll have fresh napkins ready to serve. Simply make a note of the ingredients inside the napkins. Use the napkins for instant mixes. The kitchen can use everything, so you'll just have to add the ingredients. The best part about keeping the napkins intact is the "no spill" feature. To store the napkins in your kitchen, you need to break them up into two pieces: a large layer that matches the one underneath, a smaller layer that matches the cup or lid, which will store your napkins longer. Once your napkins are good to go, they'll look different than they did before. You can store them in snack or recipe packs that come in a single layer, for easy access to use during any meal. They're a great match for your break, too. There's plenty of napkins on your pantry shelf. Also use to access the recipe. So you can make your own! And if you don't like the look of it, you can recycle it into a reusable shopping bag. Just remember to wipe the outer edges. Remember that tags can be a little off.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Brad Pitt gets top billing in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds," but Austrian actor Christoph Waltz may have turned in the most memorable performance as a Nazi "Jew Hunter."|||The director gave the film first Oscar back in 2007. But critics say the film couldn't have been done without its star. "Hearts are a mess," commented one "Times" critic who attended the showing of "Inglourious Basterds." But whatever the controversy, Waltz's performance "is the first to really make this part of the movie from the beginning," which gives him an honor. The 38-year-old German actor, who was universally praised when he appeared in "Lord of the Rings," trumped the film's more war-y star in a recent survey by moviegoers and critics. But Waltz also has earned praise for creating a "morally incorrect" image for himself, including an act that, in the eyes of critics, leaves viewers numb. "The play was for the bloodless indulgence of the audience," wrote Roger Ebert in "Roger Ebert and the Scorsese Show." He added "Waltz for ages was one of the strongest performances on the silver screen." Jeff Bridges headlined another film with "Ben-Hur." Jeff Bridges had previously played Hitler in "The Jew Hunter," the 1996 film that began with Allen Ginsberg as a Jewish spy. Critics were quick to praise another actor, Valentino Milanesi, for recasting one of the movie's iconic scenes with himself, replacing the actress who plays Yakima Sotoka. He played murderous "Nachum" Hirsch, the scheming advocate of the Nazis. Critics ripped former director Michael Stuhlbarg, who directed the plot-twisting story, for neglecting one of the main cast members of the original, Michael Madsen. "Not the only actor too busy to get his "Old Yeller" or to play himself," pointed out Robert Restuccia, who wrote a sequel "Old Yeller" that was unfortunately revised to remake an old story. In a recent TV interview with Joe Solis, he called Ivan Reitman, star of the original film, "a totally innocent victim. Everyone looked really fooled by him, like he was an unsuspecting person." "He was sweet and spontaneous and completely rude at one point," said Salma Hayek, who stars in "Orson Welles'"The Devil Wears Prada." "He (Waltz) was extraordinary and he did it with beautiful timing in an excruciatingly slow way. "I think it was the hardest part, because he was everyone's favorite puppet. When you look at all the scenes of his faces that are so intimately intimate and his fingerprints across them, you see, you can see -- if you really look for the little things, there are things that he doesn't do that many people do well, he will do it great, he's like right there."
(CNN) -- Hurricane Gordon churned across the eastern Azores early Monday after making landfall on the northern Atlantic islands, forecasters said.|||Gordon, to the north of Portugal, will make landfall Monday night, where it will then fall to Category 2 status and move northeastward at about 3 mph, according to the hurricane center. Forecasters expect winds of 75 mph and some heavy rain. A city of 3,200 people on the northern Azores is expecting 20 to 25 inches of rain. "This hurricane is not expected to make landfall at that point," said Fernand Delgado, a spokesman for the Azores Emergency Management Agency.
(Mashable) -- Dropbox has launched a major redesign, simplifying many file management tasks and bringing a new video and photo viewer.|||The new features bring the most significant changes to the popular service since 2011. Dropbox has made it easy for users to organize and complete their files and integrate them with other features of the platform, while also providing a flexible environment for maximum customer mobility, offloading the content selection to a centralized place. The user interface makes much more sense and it drops a host of additional files that came from the company's 30+ desktops and Microsoft PCs, Google Drive, Flash and other microsoft products. Now, just like in earlier versions, you don't have to worry about how much data you have on your computer. "It's easy now to move files from one system to another as a reminder that there's not a central storage group," Maki Vaidhanasyev, Lead Product Manager for Dropbox, told us. "There are no additional files, files are simply available and placed at the highest-resolution. This reduces the desktop experience to a comfortable environment." Dropbox lives in the cloud, and Microsoft still owns the service.
(CNN) -- A woman in outrageous flared trousers kisses the cheek of a young girl. A snake slithers around another woman wearing a two-piece bathing suit. And elsewhere, a camel crosses ponderously in front of a gleaming Rolls Royce.|||A video shot in the Adirondacks has been published online. The photo shows Andy Warhol's "Love in Motion" in the hills of the Adirondacks, where he spent most of his day as he resides in the palace. The black and white set features highly sensual shots of Andy wearing a light pink powder-blue suit and pajama bottoms, black and red pants. His physique is dressed in a cashmere and puffy white striped t-shirt (for under $400). The new, teen-tastic segment explores the age-old subject of body image. It includes dressing up for cameras, trying to work off vanity and vanity's disadvantages. While appearing simply beautiful, Victoria's Secret catwalk star Leslie Vonn is seen flexing flesh instead of grace, and wearing turquoise gold earrings, drop earrings, exquisite jewels and other jewellery (no true jewelry can make me fall in love with a man!). The tracksuit pants show that, even in the dark tunnel where his shoes are kept hidden, (and the pyjamas hide it all), Vonn is bold and daring and well connected. "I'd like to slay them." Another body image shot offers a glimpse of how high fashion can become in more places than in the capital. Another woman, a stunning blonde wearing a g-string and orange swimming suit, whips out a rocket-ship motorcycle and screams, "Let's go!" Wearing a black motorcycle, another stunningly dressed woman shows off her jet-black skin and great looks. Here is more of the high fashion on the streets of Paris on Tuesday night. Watch the full video below.
(CNN)Should police officers wear cameras to document their activities while on duty?|||Officers wear a camera on their body that flashes its light over intersections in order to record their actions. An officer was stopped by a camera and officers allegedly grabbed his business-owned cell phone and laptop from his hand and brought them back to his car. The officer was allegedly punching his laptop and given a warning: "I cannot have that in my hands." The officer's recording was played to CNN photographers. The NBC photographer left the car in the dark and did not return to retrieve the camera. Another officer called authorities, explaining that the officer didn't know if he had the right type of camera and stopped to speak with a friend about what he was going to do. He received a warning and had his camera and phone taken, said Lt. Jason Rector of the Police Foundation. A second officer who "liked to record/record the actions of officers so they could incriminate himself later," said Rector. Police often receive summonses and fines, Rector said. Some officers claim they have to report these videos. "The driving rights of an officer can sometimes be compromised by those videos," said Rector. "We all make mistakes. We all made mistakes. We're supposed to be at the movies, on the beach, and in busy traffic lights." The New York Times reporter Dave Weigel said he was always happy to report on video recordings taken by police officers. He said he stood by their stories in his reporting of events at troubled sites in Cleveland, where President Obama sounded an "astonishingly gentle" note of resignation, despite that verdict. He also said that those clips "protected the residents of Cleveland from the type of over-a-gun holocaust perpetrated by the city in which they lived." The idea to put these video clips online for other police officers came to his attention when the videos shown on CNN came to light. The emphasis of the videos were around the shootings of three police officers last year. After the shootings, a man was sentenced to 2 1/2 years behind bars and prosecutors will be given access to all department office videos. The Justice Department was asked by a grand jury to write an indictment on three men charged with killing three black men who were standing in a wheelchair at city hall when two officers shot and killed them. The three officers' lawyers argued that the men's firing of their guns was justified.
(CNN)Thump.|||Thump. Burk. You know the drill. If I am a biker, then I am a biker. No holds barred. I wear those hideous, dangerous neck moustaches and those thrilling long claws. And I have always swung my left forearm straight at my opponent's face. Skunk drummer Jackie Buckles punches holes in a glass panel with one hard kick, slapping a fist into a puckered plastic cutlery case. Burk brings a visor down over his green eyes. "We're telling you to wipe off those buttons off," he says. "We wanna punch." With some minor modifications, the thump is now low-kicking. Fight for your life. When the third phase of the fight starts the kids are fighting back, in which the bigger boys, adults and even rock stars are out on the field. Unfortunately, the kids are not very big. First they fight back with bread crumbs. Then they bash all of the kids. Finally, a moment to escape. One of the most violent hits consists of a linebacker shoving a linebacker's head into a helmet. The funny thing is that it has nothing to do with the game. It's more of a story in comics. It's not meant to offend. The thugs and louts mostly come from Eastern Europe with heads decoupled from their skulls. They carry their stolen secrets with them to keep in their heads. Push the jaw. The bad guys hit with the chin. It's normal. So in the fight for your life they strap their little plastic skulls on. The good guys live and the bad guys die. Roundabout we call it the 'justice' roundabout. It's what they call U-turns. A roundabout turn in which, for the most part, jerks roundabout slap them and make them live forever with their Jaws tattoos. The fight for your life ends with the next roundabout. No case of revenge. Wrestle Them. Play them. That's what we do. Blood vs. Water: a week with the best sports video games, rap battles and more. The $300,000 prize only went to Rob Riggle. Beating with his fists is an epic act. It's the ultimate achievement of destruction. Despite appearing a bit overweight, fighting like a human ragdoll on TV and in 'Who's The Boss' we struggle to be convinced the moves really mean it. Get his number. Today's Daily Briefing. CNN's Peter Alexander has more on this day's fights.
(CNN) -- A Disney Cruise Line employee has been reported missing during a seven-day cruise off the Mexico's Pacific coast, the company said Thursday.|||Disney Fallow Bay, Florida. "Five investigators are now actively looking for a new subject from our support group to assist with the investigation and assistance to our employees and partners," said Andy Turner, Disney Cruise Line chief operating officer. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of this individual," Turner said. CNN's Jason Hilton contributed to this report. The cruise line is in the middle of "tour du jour," Turner said. Ellen Jones, 58, is reported missing, and Marilyn Carson, 58, has no family, Turner said. "Disaster management, while underway, as well as our family members, are working to gain access to areas related to the safe care and safety of our crew," Turner said. The top of the alert travel advisory board for Disney's Crystal City line is a beehive of red lights. Florida can become a major problem center for logistics needs, according to CNN's Tracy Chafee. Disney lost a crew member in March while traveling to Tampa, Florida. The company located the employee. Jennifer Gancroft was last seen alive at the Carnival Nouveau, the cruise line said. It sent the employee to a hotel in the Orlando area, where she was later questioned by staff members. Gancroft's home town is in Lake Villa, Florida. CNN's Tracy Chafee and Christopher Joyce contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- For one weekend in September more than 155 million people in six neighboring countries in one continent pull out all the stops to honor the birth of their nations.|||But even with organizations like the organizing committee behind the "African Champions' Cup," organizers United Association of Football, which also bills itself as the "World Kickoff Committee for Africa," and the competition promoters FIS, are trying to turn the nine-year title drought in soccer that began in 2006 into a major tournament for the first time. But it's not just a European championship (Italy's national soccer team held the inaugural games in 1966), it's a friendly between rival soccer nations. Countries like the United States, Russia, Bulgaria, Tunisia, Ghana and Djibouti have done it before. There's no FIFA World Cup, but the first was held in Russia in 1938. In 1938, the other countries around the world joined, and between 1945 and 1961, they unified to form the South American Football Association. The five participating democracies -- Spain, Portugal, Italy and Switzerland -- maintain closer ties today. Uae, an acronym for the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, is a soccer-organized region in which 576 countries or territories enter the event from around the globe. In 2009, six other countries -- the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Kenya, Tunisia, Libya and Somalia -- will participate, the largest such regional competition on the continent. Those countries are a mix of English-speaking Western nations and South African and East African countries. FIFA has always had a place for women at the beginning of its matches, but other activities such as the 20th Women's World Cup will raise the profile of women around the world as well.
(CNN) -- Atletico Madrid moved back ahead of city rivals Real Madrid in La Liga on Sunday with a 4-2 away win at Rayo Vallecano.|||Rasul netted either side of half-time to give Atletico a dream win over bottom side Rayo Vallecano. Torres scored in the fifth minute of added time to give the home side a two-goal advantage after Koke forced a corner 10 minutes later. Benjamena Chistelos gave Real Madrid an early advantage in the first half, opening the scoring with a free-kick following a mix-up between goalkeeper Sergio Asuncion and defender Juanfran. It was Jose Luis Perez's 67th-minute strike for the visitors as they drew level through their striker Luis Henares. Earlier in the game, the same players combined for an equaliser by Andres Iniesta after coming on as a late substitute. But a poor response from goalkeeper Claudio Bravo before the hour mark gave Diego Costa's side the opportunity to snatch another victory ahead of Tuesday's trip to Barcelona. But Torres levelled in the fourth minute of injury time, again sending Jose Gimenez from goal into the net from close range. Harry Kane extended his impressive tally for the visitors to 22, and striker Cristian Castro made it 4-1 after 78 minutes. â€"La Liga: Conceding 500 points to Real Madrid." Down in third place is Deportivo La Coruna, whose win allowed them to move to within four points of third-placed Real. Meanwhile, in Group B, Levante moved above Real Sociedad into fifth spot on goal difference after a 2-1 win over Celta Vigo, while Real Madrid handed an important win away to lowly Villarreal, who play this weekend at fourth-bottom Villarreal. Next up for the Spanish giants is Villarreal at home to remaining Spanish title contenders Eibar on Saturday. Second division Real Valladolid were held 0-0 at home by Galatasaray on Saturday. Meanwhile at home to away rivals Granada in Group B, Athletic Bilbao, Diego Godin, Diego Armado and Mateus Uribe scored twice. In La Liga action in other games: 1-0: Malaga; 2-1: Villarreal; Basel; 3-1: Levante. FC Barcelona moved within six points of the defending champions after an unconvincing 1-1 draw at Celta. The result means Benfica move within six points of the fourth-placed side, who play nine games in nine days. Elsewhere, Real Sociedad also continued to be held at home by Deportivo with a 1-1 draw at second-bottom Getafe, while Chelsea took a 1-1 draw at lowly Real Sociedad. On this scoreline, Marcello Lippi's side will have beaten Carlo Ancelotti's side thanks to Javi Martinez. "Coach Ancelotti, Carlo, I salute everyone at Stamford Bridge, the entire staff, the fans, and so many of the players," defender Danny Ward told reporters. "We know what can happen here in this stadium and it's unbelievable that the club can achieve so much in such a short space of time." Chelsea host Villarreal on Sunday, with the draw announced in Paris later on Saturday.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- The Mexican military has detained a suspected leader of a notorious drug-trafficking family in connection with the July slayings of two U.S. citizens.|||Tony Lopez served as a high-ranking Mexican military general during the bloody five-day siege that left missing two U.S. citizens in Tijuana, Mexico, in July. Now he is being held by the Mexican government, Gen. Alderezo Juarez's office confirmed. He is being held in the army's 43rd Special Forces, the Inter-American Base Tijuana said in a statement. A request to Juarez by CNN for further details was not immediately responded to. Six months after the suspected kidnapping, Juarez was still held and had not been tried. "We are shocked and outraged to learn this," said Enrique Sergen, deputy director of Mexico's Federal Investigative Service in the post on Facebook. "It is the most violent that there is in our justice system and our soldiers are living with such shock and disbelief at what has happened to our families and our law enforcement organizations." Mexican officials have not confirmed the killing of U.S. citizens. Juarez was killed in late October. An older Mexican teacher, he was also shot. Other victims include a deputy comptroller who in June was gunned down by the royal palace, the Mexican government has said. In January, authorities said a Mexican drug lord was suspected in the killing.
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said Monday that the situation over the massive Ebola outbreak in her country "remains grave."|||Sirleaf said some 3,000 troops, including the air force, would be positioned on the North West coast of Liberia on Monday. Her order came just hours after two school-age girls were killed by a car bomb last week that hit a convoy that had come to support Liberian President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf. "Only two school-age children -- one girl and one boy -- have died from Ebola, and this is an example of how easily an illness can be spread," said Jamaica's chairman of the European Commission, Edouard Geiger. The country is not alone, he said, noting that the United States is also dealing with another case. "Only one United States man, without benefit of seeking medical treatment, is known to have acquired Ebola virus in his system," Geiger said in a statement. Sudan is the only African country that has confirmed that Ebola has spread to two countries. Liberian President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf has agreed to the 12.1-million-strong U.N. Ebola Response Task Force, but will pay for the $1.9-billion-range missile defense system. Leber's latest comments come as Liberia, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia join forces to head to the United Nations Security Council. The official Ebola outbreak is the deadliest in history -- and the United States has not found a cure. The original 19-day outbreak began in March in Guinea, but by mid-July the outbreak had expanded to four countries. "Every hope for Ebola is fading," the World Health Organization said. Ebola virus is called the most infectious and virulent infectious agent on the planet, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "It can kill in minutes, and death is only a matter of hours from happening. There is no safety formula for how many people to treat," WHO spokesman Dr. Robert Van Sickle told CNN. Ebola kills more than 12,000 people a year. Most die from complications in Africa and the Middle East. Ben Elikie of Nigeria was the first doctor to get Ebola. "Nobody wants to get a case of Ebola in a major way," Elikie said. "They do not like the long list of the conditions that they have to live with; they are not comfortable with it, they are not like their best friends." Lagos is already awaiting results of an Ebola vaccine. The latest confirmation is that a female nurse died of Ebola after caring for the dead, Thanassis Wakiso, on Saturday. She was found at Nairobi, Kenya, after seeking treatment in the intensive care unit of a hospital there. That outbreak replicated in Liberia because of a lab error, van Sickle said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers, or buskers. Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves. But on Monday, 12-year-old Abby Miller was.|||A group of Seattle kids has been running wild for several weeks over what they saw as "bullying," starting last Friday. At 5 p.m., on October 18, Abby Miller was standing outside her elementary school in southeast Washington at the anti-bullying rally. The mob gathered around, calling her an "idiot," a "mentally deranged punk" and demanding that her "city" be investigated by law enforcement. One supporter of Miller's movement said the girl's bullies were bullied because she said something on Facebook that she didn't consider serious. "They try to bully me because they know I've got a fight in me," said Miller, who is now a sophomore at West Seattle High School. "I tell them that they have a really long way to go, so they don't stop trying to bully me." At a portion of the rally in downtown Seattle, the crowd gathered around her and began talking about bullying, and that bullying is commonplace on the bus. Today's rally was to send a message to people who haven't been stopped: Don't get bullied. When it's high school and you don't have a chance to talk about bullying, do something -- anything -- about bullying, regardless of the damage. The organizers' plan focuses on getting buskers off the ground, and they hope to try to educate people about bullying. The event raises money for a grant to an organization that works to prevent bullying and other forms of violence against kids. The last group of street performers to fail to report to law enforcement due to a potential child abuse victim includes eight Michigan high school students, Police Capt. Ron Gottman said. While no charges have yet been filed, he said the city of Seattle is working closely with Michigan officials to have its police force involved in any bullying cases. "We would like to put this matter to rest with all the support we have, through our community and with the law enforcement community," Gottman said.
