(CNN) -- The authorities who control Kosovo may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces for control of the territory, European authorities allege in a new report.|||But the coalition says the Albanian state is deeply reluctant to accept that the group has, in some cases, been arrested, tortured or anything else that might allow its personal influence over political behavior. Kosovo's political rivals have argued that the Albanian government has denied this claims, but "we are not convinced to rest on those grounds," said Mjahed Ali Ahmeti, president of Kosovo's ruling party, the Movement for National Unity. "We cannot be certain whether they are telling the truth," he said. "It is disturbing and something we will work with (the government) on to try to prevent in the future." Opinion: Kosovo still has much to prove. For years, however, officials have refused to provide some transplant surgeons with basic care -- letting the patients wait to donate. "Among other patients who have become critical because of the lack of help, patients have lost one kidney in six to six months and transplants have been postponed for a total of eight months," Ahmeti said, "which, while not incorrect, may only be a few days." According to the report, in Kosovo, more than 1,000 people died after trying to donate organs during the nine months of "a reckless lack of care and direction by the national administration." Officials say that as a result of those organs, only two people survived. "These people were taking advantage of an unfortunate situation, and, as a result of suffering, one of the most significant organs from Kosovo has been missing or could be missing for weeks, months," it said. The report said that the Albanian government issued an apology to the Albanian mother community, and has promised to seek in the past to establish a similar relationship with other non-governmental organizations. "We acknowledge that we may have been unjustly accused of conducting a mass prison break -- an offense that we have denied," said Ali Ahmeti. "The Albanian state denies that allegations of holding illegal and stolen civil and political prisoners. "Everything suggests that at this stage there is a need to investigate further," he said. The report is also a wake-up call for European Union officials to carefully study organ donation in Kosovo. "Organ transplants have become a turning point in the health of the country," Ahmeti said. "We will encourage and do everything we can to ensure that this is not the case." The report says surgeons, after being trained in surgical centers and after receiving outpatient surgeries to treat kidney failure, perform longer procedures to operate on patients with other illnesses. Many public hospitals in Kosovo now rely on donor organs. Opiate addiction "is a significant problem in Kosovo" and the need for treatment of opiate addiction has increased substantially over the years, authorities say, a statement from their national police said. CNN's Bilal El-Gamal contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In compiling a new George Harrison greatest-hits collection, the idea was to focus on the flow, his widow, Olivia, told CNNRadio Monday.|||Released October 18, the former Beatle's 11th album is the first to be listed as a "greatest hits" compilation album since 1994's Harrison Collection: Hits and Loves: 53 Songs to Kill for Never. Released by SPARTA Records and Bob Mould Media, the collection features tracks from the songs that have become worldwide rock hits and a special guest appearance by Harrison. It has sold more than 300,000 copies, producing the biggest sales for any of the Harrison album sales in the history of the record company. The album was commissioned by Miramax Records, which published the Beatles' best-selling "One More Light" in 1971. At the time, Harrison's fans were moved by his talent and creativity. "His music has exploded in culture as of late," Mould Media president Bill Ivison said of the new album. It is described on the website of the label as "a reissue of the Beatles' greatest hits album." As a result, the two parties have spoken. "For years it's been. It's been a regular topic of conversation," Mould Media Chairman of the Records Division said. "He's had a fabulous run and, because of that, he's gotten quite a lot of attention ... He really decided the time is right to make the album." It features roughly 100 tracks from his groundbreaking albums. The first seven tracks were released from the 1967: Part II collection, followed by four new tracks from a 1970 collection. Michelle O'Neill is doing the production. Also releasing a new set of music for iTunes, Michael Tellus will release a new compilation album and Lisa St. John will produce a tribute and magazine, "Another George," which will run for 20 issues. Martin Bashir's next album, 1984: An Ode to George will be released November 4. Elizabeth Taylor, who announced her new album's release in 2012, has already announced that she plans to write a new Harrison composition for "Blues for Fire." George Harrison's latest album will include a guest appearance by 2 million fans, Olivia Harrison said. And the reggae star and one-time guest Carl Wilson will give a solo set to Carole King, according to radio stations KSFA-FM and The Sounds of Music. See the full list of new tracks, as well as a complete collection of George Harrison's works, at SPARTA Records.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 600,000 coffeemakers are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada due to an apparent brewing malfunction that can release a gusher of steaming water and grounds. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, officials said.|||Only 569,600 coffee makers -- most of which are sold in the U.S. -- are being recalled, including 7,101 Dremons and 17,530 Creme-e-Cups. As many as 200,000 people could be affected by the recall because five Comme-e Cups were purchased by blind coffee lovers who, using defective filter and heaters, can accidentally heat the water and grounds together, the Federal Trade Commission said. The coffee maker, sold for about $20,000, is being distributed to people who are afraid of drinking from the cup because it has been known to puncture through the backing up of the top. The television station New York Daily News reported Monday that the coffee maker was being recalled Monday after it reported one person got burned after his Itasca, Illinois, coffee maker exploded, and he called 911. The police called it a "terrible thing," and the pilot black and white TKOC Black Coffee Brand Creme-e Cup 10 was sold by a listed company for about $27,000, CNN affiliate KWTX reported. CNN affiliates WLOS and WTVC first reported the supposed incident. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, officials said. The damage caused by the TKOC-DTM products is not determined, said Joe Bauer, a spokesman for the Consumer Product Safety Commission. He said consumers should drink coffee through the front, not with the back covering. The recalls are due to a "miscommunication" with American Breweries. The brewer, based in New Zealand, can "intentionally or inadvertently" fire the coffee, Bauer said. While it may not be as far away as the TKOC-DTM Black Coffee Bean, the same problem is still being witnessed in U.S. coffee cafeterias. In one Portland, Oregon, case, "the top half of the fifth-degree coffee cup was passed to the first degree left." It was found to be most similar to the K-Cup made by a killer in Knoxville, Tennessee, in a cold-brewer because there was no frosting on the bottom, Bauer said. The product is also out of production at this time. The fires -- which were ruled accidental, he said -- have left three people dead. In a related incident, one of the suspects died after inhaling fumes while cleaning out the location of a suspect's apartment after the deaths, CNN affiliate KSHB-TV reported.
(CNN) -- The rush to be the first kid on the block with the latest iPhone is on.|||Apple officially announced on Wednesday the iPad 2 and iPhone 4, their world's most successful mobile devices. The launch of the smartphone is only expected to last for a week, but Apple CEO Tim Cook said on CBS' "Face the Nation" that he plans on making it a major part of his customer base for next year. Besides the iPhone 4, the iOS will be supported by the iPad, iPod Touch and Android. Each Apple will have three new apps. The pre-iPhone was released in early March. It's hard to beat it, Apple promises. Apple has achieved credibility: the company launched the first popular iPhone two years ago with a commercial, and now it's bringing the sequel to the iPad and the iPod Touch, with the latest version bringing in 4G capabilities. "Beyond the better-than-sporting presence of the iPad, we wanted to bring the next huge thing in mobile computing," Cook said during an interview on CNN. "We're excited about what we think Apple and the iPhone will be bringing. People can't stop thinking about it, because the way the smartphone is positioned is unique in the consumer marketplace, it helps consumers and companies evolve." "Apple has done a lot to reinvent the user experience over the last 20 years, and I think that will continue," he added. Cook says the iPhone will give consumers options to mix their experiences: "We want to be close to those people in your world. We want to have the taste of their house so they feel like they're in our home." The reason for all the interest is apples: around 2 million people each month buy Apple products. See what they do. Apple iPhone 4 and iPhone 4 Plus. People buy Apple pairings: iPhone 4 Watch (in HD); iPhone 5 (in HD); Apple Watch S; iPhone 5C. App of the Day: iRobot. iOS 17. The app is a free download and lets you create any video you want to, and make it your own. Some of the greatest categories include: music, movie, video game, educational, travel guide, TV guide. New features: Apple iBooks is available to purchase, starting at $99. Apple iTunes has 30 million music-related purchases a month (varies from country to country). When you think of all of those Apple users, you realize that people are really, really behind the curve. The iPhone 5 and 5C are basically the first smartphones we have, yet we have a lot of research to show there. The iPad has a lot of use in its social media and even news capabilities. Apple has released an official community for iPad users, using groups like Facetime, Facebook and Twitter. The iPad became available around June 20, and was also rolled out in Macworld countries. The iPad 2 will come out in several countries in August. See information about the iPad 2 in our Gizmodo coverage.
(CNN) -- Garth Brooks, one of the biggest country stars of all time, said Thursday he is coming out of retirement after nine years away from the music business, and will start a concert engagement in Las Vegas.|||(CNN) -- Garth Brooks announced Thursday that he is coming out of retirement to reunite with fans after nine years, and playing tribute shows with friends, like Chris Stapleton. "Uncle says thanks, everybody, and it is going to be fun," he told his fans on a live telephone call. "I've missed you so much, folks." "We're gonna rock the gates of Vegas tonight, no doubt about it." "We have worked out a great deal of plans to do these shows right in Las Vegas, because we've done these shows before and we want to show that ... what we really do is nothing new. When we come together, what makes us new is we're one part of something bigger." "I'm already in love with the lyrics, I was in love with the music," he said, "It's something that I haven't been able to quite get over." "I haven't been in love again with any of you guys for like, five or six years, so this is a really cool time for me," Brooks added. "I haven't been living in Nashville in so long, and I'm happy to get to come home and that's the only reason why I'm here now." "I'm gonna be in a semi-retirement position with no expectations of stopping, I'm gonna stay focused and try to stay in shape," he added. "And the year's gonna fly by, and I think I'll be able to get on the road and go with the flow." CNN's Nicole Skid and Alan Sepinwall contributed to this report.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- America faces an economic calamity. Trouble brews in faraway lands.|||Mrs. Sarah Palin was pressed by a federal jury to defend President Obama's tax cuts for the wealthy last week. "At this juncture, I find it my moral duty to defend those who cannot pay their taxes," Palin said in her speech to the National Tax Foundation, a policy think tank in Washington. She said that America "needs to resettle the millions of Iraqis who arrived in the United States in recent years. This means embarking on a process of raising our shared responsibility of training and caring for these refugees." Palin's comments come the day after a IMF dictator executed a man in Libya for plotting to topple the government there. But isn't America at risk from a NATO member state slipping from the grace of the free world? Spain has embarked on an anti-corruption initiative and is facing its own threats from ISIS. McCain once defended his tax hikes, as he put it, saying that "I don't want to spend $20 billion ... $20 billion is enough to lose everyone [the American economy]." Erdogan threatens to pull his army out of Iraq. "I am against the raid on Iraq," the U.S. senator said. "We should all protest against this raid." CNN's Patty Olney contributed to this report.
Some Pennsylvania residents who live near a Chevron natural gas well that exploded, killing a worker, are getting compensation of sorts from the corporation.|||The settlement includes a refund to residents who spent five years paying $7,500 to claim they were never paid after an early-stage drilling boom caused a temporary leak in their septic tank vent. In addition to refunds, residents are eligible for up to $1 million in propane gas expenses. "Today, as we have previously explained, there is a risk that the $7,500 settlement may not be adequate compensation for our inconvenience and loss. We've made one or two assumptions in our judgment -- we shouldn't have feared and treated people so lightly," Robert G. Covert said in a statement released Thursday. "So we still have a lot of work to do to get reimbursed for what we have already had to cover, and we are here to fight for justice to which we have a right." "Our expenditures have been astounding and our expenses are out of our reach," said Mark Cabot, a lawyer for plaintiff Richard Berry, who believes there is no public option. Cabot received an email from Chevron and asked that it halt the settlement before deciding whether to appeal. He said "if the settlement is real, there is no point in saying 'no' to a settlement." The settlement came after a lawsuit against the seller of the well failed to levy a permit fee and the survey was only completed after a court-ordered attempt failed, he said. A jury in the San Francisco circuit court awarded $1.39 million to Chevron in October, following its six-month trial. Chevron argued that the jury had missed the importance of seeking a judgment before the discovery of more problems with the well. A separate trial is scheduled for December. The worker's death, one of the five known occurrences of a natural gas well site explosion in the U.S. since 2009, was blamed on a toxic carcinogen, which Chevron says it is unaware of. The mishap ultimately led to the town of Townsend, Penn., buying 95,000 gallons of propane gas. Though the settlement was not confirmed, witness testimony showed that Brown had previously argued that chemicals from the well were harmful to the town, according to the settlement agreement. A court reporter sent an email to Chevron asking whether it was aware of the separate findings. The company did not immediately respond to request for comment.
Zachary Quinto opened up for the first time about his relationship with "Glee" and "Boss" star Jonathan Groff in Out magazine's October issue. While declining to give specifics, he said, "I'm incredibly happy, I'm incredibly lucky."|||"Lets Get It Started" stars Quinto and Groff are also tight buddies. "Lets Get It Started" chronicles Groff's 2009 musical album, a mash-up of songs he directed and Quinto's. "I had a kickball moment on stage that time," Groff said in the interview. "As a big fan of the song, it reminded me a little bit of how Angel feels about Alex Hill. That was a pretty good moment. We went out for a tour and rehearsal, so he actually came with me on stage and sang the song for me." "The Linus/The King" star, who also serves as the show's executive producer, speaks about his "fierce" friendship with his future boss. "It was good to be able to just hang out a lot as the two of us bonded and together we came to believe that we could do things the way we wanted to do it," he says. "It's funny because, when you're with him, there is just the kind of chemistry that's easy, that one-of-a-kind, something that is precious. We had the same buddy system for a long time, but just because we got along as friends, I guess it starts from an internal place." Not only is Quinto and Groff's relationship feeling wonderful, the pair was featured at IndieWire's annual cover event last month. The two have also been building a super-secret relationship, with Groff's brothers now keeping Quinto in the dark about the pair's relationship status. "He's very mysterious," actress Taylor Knight told EW in September. "I wasn't supposed to find out. I didn't. I was just kinda going along with it. This has felt pretty solid. I knew we were solid as friends for a long time, but I think it really helps to be involved in someone's career and just talk about it openly and clearly." "It kind of chronicles our lives and what a great life we've had as a family," Groff added. Quinto also spoke about his relationship with the other stars on his favorite TV show: "Glee." "It was amazing. I felt really lucky," he said of his relationship with the cast, who sang the theme song and took shots at him. "It was so amazing ... And more than anything, I got to work with like-minded people like Melissa Rivers on 'In Plain Sight,' who's so thoughtful and funny," Quinto said. "They were super-cool." And he also talked about working with actress Debra Messing, who wrote and directed "Glee." "This cast just started out great, and we're excited to keep doing the show with them and to add new people into our lives," he said. Quinto also opened up about putting the next television series to fruition. "To me, that's the most important role in television. It's really important to be good. And these shows are really growing. And it's important to me to be able to tell our stories. And it is such a huge accomplishment to do this for a living, so I'm really excited about that." Quinto, 34, also spoke about his other book, "Living Amy," which was published in February. His latest book deal is with BBC Films, which will hit shelves February 9.
(CNN) -- Just like some U.S. officials looking into the mystery, the man who captured video of an apparent fireball plunging from the sky over Texas on Sunday is perplexed about what it was.|||The fireball was first detected by the detector on Sunday night as it appeared to appear from the sky over the Columbia River, said Neil Lowell, a meteorologist with the Georgia Emergency Management Agency. Lowell did not know if the object was a meteorite, he said, saying he could not confirm it because he has not been able to see it since it happened. "The atmosphere up here, the lightning, you can see it, but the actual incident? I couldn't see anything," Lowell said, explaining the area in the Columbia River isn't far from flood plain. It's not expected to be declared a natural disaster, Lowell said. But Lowell and officials are trying to determine what that object could be that caused the fireball. Tuesday morning, NASA scientists launched a five-day study to determine what kind of object it was, according to the agency's website.
(CNN) -- Police arrested a woman discovered in the Georgia home of music producer Dallas Austin, Sandy Springs police say.|||Kim Jong-Oh's body was found in the Atlanta suburb of Sandy Springs on Monday night. Kim Jong-Oh, 72, was not a city dweller, and her death has left city dwellers saddened, some saying it unsettled their lives. The police have interviewed six witnesses, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Police said they found the body in a home owned by Korean-American Kim Jong-O, whose house was near the home of American acts. South Korean police arrested the mystery woman Thursday after being called to the home. The search of the home was conducted Friday morning. Kim was detained in connection with a 1999 incident in Gaza City, Israel. The incident occurred during the wedding of the woman's parents. According to CNN affiliate CNNM, local police in Sana'a say they believe Kim Jong-O did not live in the United States, but rather in Yemen, where she was living and working. Kim Jong-O also gave a concert in Amsterdam in 1996 at the Tempelhof Center. The concert was the last time she performed at the Tempelhof. The music festival ended, and Kim told CNN he could not live there anymore. Iraq invaded Kuwait in 2003, and women of color from both countries are now fighting in the streets. Some Southeast Asian countries don't send their citizens to the U.S. for work, and South Americans don't attend many summer jobs in the United States. Brazil sent political activists to the U.S. last year, largely to express their displeasure at the administration of the state's president, Felipe Calderon. They spoke to the U.S. Department of the Interior in Rio de Janeiro and other nations, the city's authorities said. Brazil also donated art and funds to the U.S. This year's goal is for more South African students to come to the United States to work.
(CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot's lawyer has quit defending him against murder allegations in Peru, citing unspecified differences over strategy.|||The identities of the Dutch and Peruvian lawyers in the case are not yet clear. Notable statements: (page three): (page two) Van der Sloot demands to leave but maintains he will stay in Peru; Van der Sloot seeks free legal representation; (page three) van der Sloot, 49, admits to the crime of robbery but continues to maintain his innocence; (page four) Van der Sloot says he denies he is planning to rob anyone; (page five) Van der Sloot dismisses as "fabrication" charges filed by the Peruvian authorities in 2000; (page six) Van der Sloot defends his client's innocence. In other developments: - Joran Van der Sloot says he "can reach" a deal with the police to lift the coverup;- Yohanes Mbandkan, acting journalist for CNN, hints that the Spanish-born man told prosecutors he confessed to the crime in his defense, saying "I like the 'savage' coffee, I like the idea of destroying everything."- Mbandkan says he wants to "expedite any trial" so that he can go to Venezuela, where he will find a flat-iron machine and an access line. What led to the first charges? Van der Sloot says he had a conversation with his brother, who he says killed his brother in 1997. Mbandkan has been arrested on charges he was a member of the Transnational Criminal Organization. According to the prosecutor's office, Mbandkan has been the lead investigator in the investigation into the murder of his brother, Van der Sloot. The van der Sloot defense team had argued his brother's right to free legal counsel was predicated on the fact that he had confessed and had no intention of showing his support for Mbandkan. He offered to bring it on a fixed payment, which Mbandkan accepted. - Jorge Moraghod led a charge against a New York resident -- then disappeared from the port in Chile -- he was a national hero in Brazil in 2004. - Brazilian tax investigators include another dead woman - and another Venezuelan woman. The other two men living in Peruvian custody have not been charged.
Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- A law allowing same-sex weddings took effect Thursday in Mexico City, one day after the second same-sex marriage was performed in Argentina.|||The National Institute of Social Security and the American Academy of Pediatrics has approved same-sex marriages in five states and passed a law allowing same-sex couples to wed, ORC reported. "No marriage certificate is needed for an American citizen to be able to get married," ORC spokeswoman Joy Meagher said. "In Colorado, state law allows same-sex couples to enter into marriage immediately and cause immediate and effect marriage between a gay and straight couple," Meagher said. "The laws do not require that marriage licenses be issued to gay couples, as long as there are competent marriage licenses available, and as long as same-sex couples may perform ceremonies together." To legally perform same-sex weddings on the same day as same-sex nuptials, two participating male and female groups must tell a group of marriage licensees they are hoping to marry on the same day. Mexico will have two pieces of legislation required to allow same-sex nuptials, MORENA reported. "One for same-sex marriage, one for same-sex couples," the Marquez group said. "In all cases, the same-sex relations must accompany the performance of the ceremony." For those wanting to celebrate without a religious ceremony, they can attend a gay or lesbian-marriage ceremony at a university or community center in that state.
(CNN Student News) -- November 22, 2013.|||On the issues of energy security and affordable housing -- as discussed in the 2013 Summer Economic Outlook -- govern politicians, civil society groups and business leaders. So if you think that such issues may need to be addressed, you'll have a good answer. Among the 8,000 million Americans who currently are living in poverty, 40 million of them use a utility or are dependent on it. In August, California Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called for the state to take a carbon fee from electricity companies as part of a new statewide climate action plan. Such a move is meant to address the environment issues raised by climate change, including rising temperatures, the rising global temperature, the risk of future droughts and heat waves. Many utilities were already having to manage these impacts, resulting in restrictions on air quality and damages from arctic storms or high temperature events. The utilities request that the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) freeze its current waiver of such restrictions. In 2013, the states and local communities that are completely dependent on utilities to provide their services to consumers should be analyzed for their carbon footprint. Currently, no one living in a utility community does so, and utilities receive no compensation. Only the rate of charge regulated by the U.S. Public Service Commission determines "gas and electricity" prices, so companies are required to place restrictions on utilities prices in states that seek to cut these costs. Some of the retailers, including Centene Corp., which operates convenience stores and other retail locations, have said that carbon fees can affect them. Meanwhile, although the program's rules prohibit carbon dioxide emissions, more information on greenhouse gas emissions has been produced, and the 2009 ENDA mandates would require electricity companies to emit carbon dioxide to avoid that too. Some 25 million Americans now have household heating systems that use carbon dioxide as a heating source, and a third of those generate carbon dioxide by as a byproduct of electrical process. Carbon dioxide emissions cause 17.6 million premature deaths, according to a United Nations report. Nearly 1 million people also suffer from personal hazardous waste. All of these people are responsible for trapping pollutants, such as carbon dioxide, in their homes and, above all, their air. Nonpolluting structures emit a large percentage of their CO2. If vehicles are built with these products, then car carbon emissions could also exceed those of other car components. In many instances, the resulting heat pollution represents a substantial emission of carbon dioxide (CO2). Since 30% of the U.S. electrical grid relies on gasoline to provide electricity, it will need to spend more money to replace gasoline even after replacing the fuel. These projected carbon emissions, particularly from cars, could increase the number of people in the U.S. who will need to purchase electric vehicles every year by up to 30%. In addition to gasoline, cars emit oil emissions similar to those of households, creating greenhouse gases in the United States. They could even be contributing to climate change. Natural gas emissions can account for about a quarter of greenhouse gases in the U.S., including methane and carbon dioxide. To fight the so-called carbon tax, many states may require transportation systems to purchase fuel derived from coal, natural gas, or natural gas from other sources. In most cases, car parts must be purchased from certain sources which do not comply with the carbon tax. If a carbon tax is passed, then the carbon tax in the electric vehicle sector would cap carbon dioxide emissions.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Palestinian militants fired more rockets into Israel on Friday as a tenuous six-month truce between Hamas and Israel expired.|||Ramas on Friday, one of the rockets fired into Israel was shot down near Gush Etzion, a town near the Jordanian border, Israel Defense Forces spokesman Lt. Col. Mark Regev said. The rocket came during the course of what Israel sees as an ongoing truce, according to Regev. "Israeli defenses have built up their defensive capabilities over the last several days" in light of sporadic rocket attacks from Gaza, Regev told CNN. Israel believes Hamas leaders have decided the time is not right to continue the 30-day truce. Israel says Hamas targets in Israel include homes. The Palestinians, who dominate Gaza, say the plan to set al Qaeda-run targets in Israel is a criminal plot to destroy the Jewish state. Israel calls Hamas "the enemy of the homeland" and said the continuation of the truce will not be accepted in return. U.S. officials had earlier described the agreement as "a dark day" and called on the parties to monitor each other.
London (CNN) -- A British man accused of orchestrating his wife's murder by hit men while they were honeymooning in South Africa has lost a High Court appeal to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial.|||Dugkins was suspected of orchestrating the murder of Australian graduate Saphira Odey when she and her new husband David Dodgkins were attacked while honeymooning in South Africa. He made bail on Monday but the High Court rejected a court application by the Probation Service and the High Court Magistrate's Court to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial. Odey was killed when her husband David Dodgkins deflected questions about the attack by using the telephone with the country's police commissioner, Dikgang Moseneke, and saying the group could be mercenaries or hunters who didn't know what to do next, the attorney general's office said. What do you think will happen next? Share your thoughts in the comments section. Opinion: Dumb sentence could halt trial. View original article. Listen to the full interview by Carl Holland on CNN: Britain loses appeal to boost Gibson. Watch Gibbes blast the UK into legal compliance ».
(CNN) -- A Swedish citizen of Rwandan origin was sentenced to life in prison Thursday by a court in Stockholm after he was tried and convicted for his role in the country's genocide nearly 20 years ago.|||S. The sentence includes life imprisonment without parole. The court in Karlstad County was not immediately available for comment on reports that Robin Nspill, 61, was scheduled to be interviewed after his court appearance. "I have lived my entire life in a civilized society, and this crime is as old as history itself," Nspill said. Born in Poland, he fled Rwanda after the genocide in 1994 and the UN commission of inquiry ordered him to hand himself over, CNN affiliate NTV reported at the time. Prosecutors eventually applied for his extradition, but the verdict of a combined 11,000 sentences, including "labor war crimes" for committing murder, would remain in place until a court could resolve the remaining charges, CNN affiliate WMUK said at the time. Prisoners on death row in the United States are also eligible for amnesty from sentencing for genocide convictions.
(CNN) -- One of the main suspects in the killings of 49 people in northern Mexico received orders from the top leaders of the Zetas cartel, a military official said Monday.|||In a statement Sunday, President Barack Obama expressed his condolences for the victims of the string of killings and attacks that happened Monday in Jalisco state. The attack was blamed on the Zetas, a drug cartel whose leaders have been blamed for other violent attacks, including one that killed 44 police officers in eastern Mexico in February. In addition to the recent killings, numerous people have died since January in attacks blamed on the Zetas, according to intelligence officials and media reports. The killings by Zetas were condemned as the start of a new era of violent drug violence. Such a radicalization took root among drug cartel leaders more than a decade ago in a battlefield of turf wars between Mexican forces and the drug cartels. Unlike other violence, although, the Zetas have no near-term rivals and their brutalized victims are often determined by the forces they fight. They have a reputation for keeping the peace, whether at home or abroad. The cartels have captured and carried out mass killings, drug-related homicides and raids. Mexican President Felipe Calderon's administration has in the past said that Zetas leaders use drug shipments to gain control of rebel groups and therefore buy loyalty from the military. In 2007, when Zetas were declared a terror organization, government forces moved in to capture its "patriotic commandos." In March, government forces executed 36 Zetas after the mayor of Zaragoza, in northern Mexico, was accused of killing former members of the armed militant cartel. The following year, Calderon was elected president.
(CNN) -- Philadelphia police arrested Carlos Figueroa-Fagot after he turned himself in to authorities who believe he is the man who tried to snatch a 10-year-old girl in Philadelphia, authorities said Thursday.|||The suspect, identified as Juan Figueroa-Fagot, 30, was caught after he returned to the check-in desk at Saks Fifth Avenue Thursday afternoon, police said. He told police he was trying to break into someone's home and was operating a car carrying her, a police report said. "He said, 'I didn't come here to do anything like this,'" Howard Mortimer, spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, told CNN affiliate WPVI. The girl was being held Thursday evening in a secure location, and police are combing for her. Nobody was hurt. "We have to contact any father out there for tips on this individual. ... He is a good person who has been incarcerated," Mortimer said. Figueroa-Fagot told police he is living at home, another source told WPVI. CNN's Mickie Fies contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- After spending more than a month in a Houston hospital, former President George H.W. Bush might get to leave this week.|||Bush's time as president was less a question than last fall when he was recovering at Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston from complications of pneumonia, according to former President Jimmy Carter, now the son of a World War II air force pilot who served as the 10th President. But Bush's health and medical condition improved enough to turn him out Westward. Since his return to Houston from overseas, where he fared better, Bush has stayed with family and church friends, including his second wife, Barbara. The country has been gripped by a sense of loss since Bush was ambushed on a presidential campaign plane by Ted Kennedy last year. Following his beating of a machete-wielding man during a campaign stop, Bush suffered multiple brain bleeds and was declared unfit to leave the hospital bed. He spent the following days in a hospital bed. If his body cooperates with doctors, doctors may be able to give him another week to recover before it's determined that he will have to leave. "Bush doesn't know if he's done yet, and we hope he can make it out by Wednesday or Thursday," George G. W. Bush's daughter, Barbara Bush, said in a statement Wednesday. "If not, we'll take him wherever he goes. Bush is the father of a generation who helped liberate and educated the world, who stopped at nothing to feed and educate its poor, who helped pioneer America's way of life. He's a good man, and he's a good friend." Bush's health was a big factor in the November election that gave the man a second term. He also survived the Great Recession. CNN's Gary Tamm, Susan Morrison, Jonah Goldberg and Catherine Ruane contributed to this report.
North and South Korea have agreed to reopen their joint industrial park on a trial basis next week, nearly five months after it was shut down, according to a press release from the South's Unification Ministry.|||North Korean & South Korean leaders made a sudden agreement in the early hours of April 15 to open the Koreas' first industrial park, the Korean Park, which has been in operation since 1999 as a martial arts venue for the North and South. The agreement released March 12 also includes a "special panel of high-level experts" for conducting an economic study of North Korea's problems and strategies, and for collaborating to preserve the park's environmental quality. The decision followed North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's decision to engage the South, for the first time, in a peace process for North and South Korea. North Korea's National Assembly approved the Joint Industrial Park agreement on March 23, the same day North Korea agreed to sign a peace deal paving the way for the park's reopening. "The Korean Joint Industrial Park is the most important industrial park in South Korea. A park where almost 100,000 people work together, providing wealth for North and South Korea and a long-term job path for the two countries," the agreement read. The decision comes just over four months after Pyongyang's historic military invasion of the South, and five years after its pledge to accelerate the country's unification efforts. North and South Korean officials agreed in April to open the park, amid heavy security fears and tensions. The two Koreas have been drawing up detailed plans to build the park, and earlier this month the South unveiled plans to build a public space to house a department that would run a temporary office for the joint industrial park. They have often been criticized for their failure to hold a joint meeting on the project, which opened after the two Koreas broke through their difficult and inter-communal relations in 2003. South Korea denied the North Korean accusations at the time, and has said it conducted its own push for the project. That effort broke down in the absence of agreement between the two sides. On March 11, the Park and an assembly of experts and representatives of companies that would participate in construction and management were scheduled to discuss the new park with North Korean officials.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Despite crushing defeats in the last two elections, Senate Republicans have new "energy and enthusiasm" for winning back the majority, according to their leader, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.|||The Tea Party Senate Republicans seem to be working on ways to retain control of the chamber after seeing a rapid decline in the number of women candidates in presidential races. Fifty-nine percent of women running for governor in the U.S. have shown interest, according to the U.S. count released this week. Massachusetts is usually the most important of the group's four states. Mary Menendez, 50, of New Jersey, was the first to jump into the race. More than 15,000 women were on the ballots in New Jersey. But with 65 candidates running in Governor's races in 28 states across the country, the number of women nominees was steady, one of the highest on record since Barack Obama took office. Many women have told CNN they opposed Obama's presidency as a candidate, arguing that he was creating a chaos in Washington and didn't uphold free and fair elections. Some recently unaligned women are showing up to help. To that end, McConnell has made it a point to bolster his outreach, reaching out to college-educated voters and urging them to vote. The party has registered thousands of new senators this year. They included white women from Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin, Colorado, Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Hampshire, Iowa and Virginia. The increase could spur Senate Republicans to take on Democratic dominance in Congress. But the party must also keep women primary voters motivated, especially if they are considering running for the highest office in the land -- the presidency. "It has to be better than having 45 senators," said Sen. Patty Murray, a West Virginia Republican running for governor. Murray could run for re-election with a reduced majority because of the retirement age of 67. Any number of Republicans seeking to maintain a majority on the Senate floor needs female support to hold their fire, McConnell said. "Women who ran in a competitive environment are asking a lot of questions, especially about the quality of leadership and the level of support among women." During a television interview in October, the vice president-elect of the Golden State 49ers, Colin Kaepernick, gave a praise for some of McConnell's conservative ideas. McConnell conceded that his views can be isolated, but said that as he talked to him and he has seen the president-elect, "He has a very different outlook." Facing his own uphill battle to win re-election, McConnell highlighted an effort to build on the party's success in other areas. He said the Republicans have made big investments in technology and intelligence. Another area where he has changed priorities is in the Senate -- adding about 80 new positions in which women were Republicans. The majority of women caucus in a column in The Wall Street Journal, a popular conservative publication. Many of those positions are related to federal infrastructure. "There's certainly some work to do in the U.S. intelligence community to protect individual rights, and I think we're doing some good on that," McConnell said. "We're building our leadership around the president." In one example, over the past six months, several Senate Republicans, who all served in different capacities, have now jumped into the race to fill the leadership role in a Hispanic Senate, while McConnell's 18 colleagues are Democrats. Four Hispanic women were Republicans in the Senate. Meanwhile, eight senior Republican women candidates were re-elected as part of a party victory in Arizona. As a result, Republicans now control 50% of the Senate. That reflects the balance of power, compared to 45% four years ago. When talking about swing seats in the 2012 midterm election, McConnell mentioned the Texas-Virginia race, where the GOP held a slim but successful lead over the Democratic field. Republicans have held all but three Senate races in the past decade. Two women will run again for Senate in 2014, and there are no Republican women running in several other races in the upcoming election. With the retirements of two other Senate Republicans, several women will likely emerge as political options as well. McConnell called the retirements an opportunity to expand the party.
(CNN) -- Mississippi has kept its U.S. heavyweight title for a fifth straight year, among both adults and children.|||It was the third win in a row at heavyweight, the division which consists of men and women and is won by former world middleweight champion Sheldon "The Beast" Johnson of New York. The record belongs to Fandango, a two-time world heavyweight champ from Nigeria, who lost to England's Sir Walter Nelson in a five-round match in his home state Friday at the United States National Boxing Championships in Chicago. "Sheldon the Beast" won that fight in his hometown of Panola, Puerto Rico. Fellow American Michael Chin of the Pittsburgh Steelers has been asking Johnson to answer to the king. Nelson defeated Nelson in a five-rounder, but beat him again last year at home in Manhattan. Then the boxer was in Puerto Rico again. Nelson fought Chin in November at the United States championships, winning this one, too. Williams won a gold medal in 2006 and bronze in 2008. The 18-year-old Nelson is still waiting to wrestle his countrymen back. This was the third consecutive title battle between the same national champions, with Johnson taking the other. The two did battle recently for the Commonwealth Games in London. Nelson won that contest last month and lost it again in Philadelphia, though this time the city held its own championships that were not held in London. Thomas Heitor, the Olympic diver from California, won the gold medal in the 2000 Olympics. According to the United States Amateur Athletic Union's web site, the program was sponsored by Team Nelson and the U.S. Youth Anti-Doping Association. "Ms. Ucla reached three world titles in a row and two world titles in four years," the association said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal prosecutors Tuesday urged a Florida judge to sentence actor Wesley Snipes to three years in prison and fine him $5 million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties.|||Using U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, Snipes was arrested last year on a federal larceny charge, federal prosecutors announced. In doing so, they said they took three bags and about 50 dollars from the Des Moines, Iowa, native. Snipes, 55, was charged with larceny of more than $2 million and mail fraud -- 10 felony counts under federal law, which allows police and the federal government to seize assets of anyone wanted for alleged serious crimes, including wire fraud, financial fraud and shipping illegal property. He also is charged with numerous other charges. In federal court in Washington, D.C., federal prosecutors asked the judge to sentence Snipes to three years in prison and fine him $5 million -- and "record an appropriate, severe sentence for this fugitive alien who did a great disservice to his country," prosecutors said in a court filing. "Florida law requires the Department of the Treasury to respond swiftly and effectively to criminal larceny cases filed against United States persons. In this case, the Department of the Treasury's concern was not only that one individual evade his income taxes but that the government cited too many examples from crooks who are still potentially eligible for other services, programs, and organizations in their unsuccessful prosecution. "The Department of the Treasury, the Federal District Court for the Southern District of Florida, the Department of Justice, the Department of Taxation, and the Division of Financial Institutions all rallied to the cause of justice and to commend the Government for resolving the matter expeditiously in our district court, in our community of Des Moines, Iowa, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida for the Northern District of Florida as well as to the Governor of North Carolina for his role in bringing these events to our attention." The Federal Reserve chief, Timothy Geithner, had signed the agreement in Washington last month, announcing an extension of a previously announced deadline for federal prosecutors to file for a 25 percent tax reduction on income tax evasion. Along with the penalties that officials on the Internal Revenue Service recommend, authorities are asking the defendant to continue paying income taxes for three years and owes in excess of $93 million in penalties, court papers say. The IRS estimates that more than 86 million Americans could be eligible to file income tax returns over the next decade, according to a 2010 study conducted by Tax Policy Center, a nonprofit public policy research organization.
(EW.com) -- Seth Rogen was recently quoted in an Entertainment Weekly magazine article as saying that there have been only one and a half good movies ever made about frat life: "Animal House" and the first half of "Old School."|||The Russian-born comedy star is about to be released from a long prison term and hopes to play golf soon. He abilizes giving up anything while he is in his 15-year term and seeks asylum in the United States, his lawyer tells EW. "An Australian-American man is dangerous in Russia," Skripal said. "But everyone thinks he's a good person." Russian Prosecutor General Yuri Luzhnyev is expected to give an assessment this summer. Russian ex-intel chief Sergei Magnitsky told the court that he would be offering Rogen the opportunity to play golf this summer, "if he is willing to get back his freedom." There's been some commentary about Russia's decision to grant asylum to the actor. Several newspapers have published leaked E-mails from Russian emissaries offering Rogen's father, Sam Baritsky, the chance to play wale in "Sausage Party." Some Russian reps also have been pushing for the release of Rogen, whose father is widely seen in Russia as "the great and bad" Russian founder. Recent reports have said that the Kremlin fears that the U.S. government has a negative perception of its government, a stance Rogen believes is unfounded. Russia and the United States accused Russia of terrorism activities from the early 1990s -- North Korea, Ayn Rand, 9/11 -- back in the 1990s and the rise of al Qaeda in the mid-2000s. The U.S. considered the USSR a major threat in the Middle East, and it was billed as a model for reining in global terrorism and making war on "terrorists." Since that time, the U.S. has intervened on Russia's behalf, though it went back and forth for years over the American government's response. The Kremlin maintains that it does not play a key role in any international affairs issues. And it would not endorse Rogen's suggested political reform plans. "If you're not willing to support the people who do this kind of crime, then probably it makes more sense to go to work with them. But I think in this instance, for any of them, you just said, 'No.' " See the full article at EW.com. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly. All rights reserved. Click here for reuse options! Click here for more information about Entertainment Weekly.
Thai anti-government demonstrators massed Wednesday outside the Prime Minister's makeshift office, a day after clashes with police in the streets of Bangkok killed five people.|||Thai protesters picket security measures outside the offices of Thailand's Prime Minister, at the scene of clashes with police on Sunday. 'Police must defend Thailand'Last night's pro-democracy demonstrations were organized by groups aligned with the Narayana Prakashan administration, which was deeply unpopular as Yingluck Shinawatra sought to join the National Transitional Authority party that was defeated in elections in 2006. The government announced plans Monday for the inauguration of a new prime minister, after swearing-in the previous interim leader. Though the demonstrators' demands for political reform are limited, they have made growing gains. Protesters took to the streets across Thailand on Sunday, including the capital and the provinces in the northeast, when they had been peacefully protesting for months. The violent clashes between protesters and police Sunday resulted in death, the United Nations said. Thailand has about 30 million people and is one of Asia's fastest-growing economies.
(CNN)  -- Water pressure is restored and it is now safe to drink in a Baltimore suburb where a huge water main burst, sending torrents of muddy water coursing over neighborhood streets and down highway ramps, officials said.|||The neighborhood is located in the Jackson Acres subdivision, the largest section in the city, and was the center of the watermain break, according to Mcdonnell Police Superintendent Hinic Patel. "If you had just gone to the nearby street, you'd definitely have felt like you've been down a watery hole and nobody would know," he said. The break happened about 1 p.m. Wednesday afternoon, about 50 feet below ground level. The water overhanging the road swept away power lines. A tree in the street rose into the street and washed away a portion of a driveway, said William Peverett, deputy chief of the Moncallen Police Department. The water main break was reported one block from the CVS on Broad Ave., according to Peverett. "There are many hazards along Broad, including ditches that wash onto the roadway. There are still police cars on the street and one vehicle is sitting, crumpled up by the water," he said. Police have said an accident left a student with a minor injury in the street. Another student was injured, officials said. Brown Athlete Supplies sent North runners brown athletic uniforms, jerseys and helmets, said Amanda Lynn, a teacher who lives in the area. Brown Association of North Central States told CNN that streets were closed and intersections blocked because of the dangerous water. "People have been using [red] tape to get around so far. Schools have had some issues," she said. Pine is a subdivision in the western town of Moncallen in Baltimore County, police said. "Schools are closed because many of the students have been staying at school and outside." Police sent one person to Fort Lee in North Carolina to stay in school. Video showed a group of students waiting for a school bus to drive back to the rear of the school to have the car removed. The teacher ran to the front of the school to tell the students to get off the road, she said. "They wanted me to come back to get them," she said. "We were talking about it being on the principal's list." The city of Moncallen has 6,000 residents, the commissioner said. Three of the residents in Mountain View, Colorado, will be in the area on Friday to help out, said Kathleen Shaw of the city of Mountain View. Another student returned to the school this week, she said. "I am still walking everywhere. I walked to school because the rain stopped, so I have never felt this great in my life," she said. "I was really worried about the children, and so I walked. They are still having problems walking through deep pools of water and people going everywhere." Brown Business has asked for help.
(CNN) -- Political consensus was hard to find at last month's Rio +20 Earth Summit but there was at least one group speaking with unity on the planet's environmental and economic future.|||A man in the nation of China held back tears after listening to the reason why his nation's tallest building, the Mirai Palace, was built to a steel stave?. Within his program was one sentence: "Green New Deal is a contradiction of promises." Specifically, one word: "Energy engineering." The other was, "Energy engineers. "Cure for poverty," he said, offering an impassioned speech. "Last week I was told I was at the keynote for many environmental groups in the world. So I want to make an environmental statement. ... My support for energy engineering is the same and this national policy commitment is to pursue and secure nuclear, carbon and clean energy as best we can and the evidence is there. I believe that this is not only a moral thing to do, but a practical thing." "We've always been a noninterventionist nation," he continued. "We're the only country in the world -- without a two-degree union -- that has been -- without direct control or greater involvement with our own citizens' lives, infrastructure, education, services, governments, schools and entire economies, for the past 200 years. "I believe that a large part of what moves us towards a sustainable economy is energy engineering because it can actually encompass everything, everything in the world." An overall meeting of nearly 10,000 of the world's best energy experts was the meeting's key indicator. They spoke out on eleven different issues, as well as their personal projects, but the leaders made sure to address climate change as much as a political one. Five experts from China called the summit a historic opportunity to work with US and EU governments to promote green energy and finance renewable energy, and four from the United States took part in the discussion as well. Twenty-three of those experts present at the meeting spoke from two perspectives -- technology, community, and region. "Our concerns and concerns about climate change are different than those of a few very wealthy, very strong, very powerful cities in the United States," said David Laidlaw, chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations. As the world's largest carbon emitter, in California in 2009, Laidlaw said he would like to see more energy industry jobs created. "What I plan to achieve with that is nothing less than investment in renewable energy. I would like to see the United States accelerate its power to invest in green energy," he said.
(CNN) -- A missing 12-year-old girl has been found safe after authorities discovered the bodies of the couple she lived with, Arkansas police said.|||Police believe the girls' bodies have been found at the home of Marcelos Perez De La Mesa, 32, and 42-year-old Patricia Guillen de La Mesa. Emergency crews and U.S. marshals searched for the two bodies for more than six hours, the El Dorado County Sheriff's Office said in a statement. They haven't named the children, who were taken to a hospital on Tuesday and reported as safe, the El Dorado County Sheriff's Office said. The victims had previously been seen together, but authorities had not released a name. Detectives in Little Rock, Arkansas, are searching for Peter Lee Aaron, 32, and his 29-year-old wife, Luann Pritchard, police said. Police in Texas have found the bodies of their missing teenage daughters. All three girls were members of a family that was at the home over the weekend.
Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria have been killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram Islamists, according to officials and residents.|||Local security agencies and African intelligence agents exchanged fire with suspected Boko Haram Islamists, local police said, after sightings of intelligence cars parked near the area Sunday. Also, a civilian was killed, according to a police statement, at an unknown location. The attack started at 7:30 a.m. Sunday, according to a statement from the police statement, blaming the attack on a "gunman inside the Nigerian army. He operates via mobile phone and grenade launchers." Local authorities feared Boko Haram had set a "convoy" of suspected Islamists and security forces to see the hostages during the attack. Four known Boko Haram members died in two separate attacks in the village of Kudukuma, Dapchi, in Borno state. In addition, Abu Sayyid Olam, who is an opposition member in parliament, was one of three policemen who died in Dapchi. The statement said: "This attack aimed to intimidate and intimidate supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party. Soldiers from the Federal Special Anti-Robbery Service, the Nigeria Police Force and other security agencies from carrying out raids on Boko Haram targets have begun... to provide security at several locations in Borno and Yobe states. "So far, these attacks have not targeted citizens of any political party or set of economic authorities -- this is certainly a highly worrying development." Boko Haram has historically attacked security forces, security agencies and civilians living in the northeast. Often aided by the Nigerian military, Boko Haram remains largely at the mercy of the troops and is out to establish a caliphate. The group has been linked to a number of attacks in neighboring Chad, Sudan, India, and Bangladesh.
He's played singers, sailors and serial killers, but there's one role that die-hard fans of Jeff Bridges can't get enough of: The stoner.|||The marijuana-stirrer Bridges introduced in the new season of "The Jeff Bridges Show" will appear Sunday, a new movie he co-wrote and co-stars in. The romantic comedy on which Bridges plays a man about to leave a terminal high school in search of cocaine and meth will show him using firearms, cutting tablecloths and on cocaine, a Wall Street drug dealer says. He portrays a missionary, female Christian topless and facing getting kicked out of the sugar house. Scenes of weed smoke play out with an image of a couple having a cup of tea and freshly-baked hash brownies, tossed from a truck, probably on an interstate ramp on the way to a gig at KFC. The drug may be an acceptable adjunct to sex -- for the opposite sex, of course. But in "The Jeff Bridges Show" the extreme and unconventional journey of a lower-class teenager who smokes marijuana that either gets confiscated or left behind at school because it's a drug along with drugs leads to a look at how he gets into the game: "He looks completely out of place on a bus, but in the place for the company of attractive teenagers he climbs on the little piles of paper and threads of litter. He's a romantic. He smokes kava in a lush meadow, and he can smoke whatever he wants and that makes him lush. He's got his Danish accent, and he's not bothered with other people smoking drugs, but he's as accepting as a kandi, he's a heroine. "A heroine, in this case, would be a pipe." Still, even for this part of the game, people wouldn't smoke real pot. In "A German Girl in America," a character named Hannah observes that smoking pipe tobacco is much safer than smoking marijuana. But Hill reports that Hannah gets part of the action out of coking pot and smoking a blunt. At the beginning of the film, as Bridges takes her to another class, a teacher warns her, "Now you're going to burst." The teacher gives Hannah a nickname: "Stone," and another friend of Bridges suggests "Bridge." As Bridges cracks jokes at the game, Hannah tries to get friends to step back from the pot and enter the game. Meanwhile, Bodega Bay's Moran says the bridge embraces more of the farts than boys -- even though it's hard because he's male. Cumberbatch, who takes on the role in "The TV Show" as a teenage boy, tackles his over-the-top turn in "Love, Simon," playing a male drug user. (Of course, this is part of the same Roger Ebert-starring film.) Bodega Bay, also a gay man, says he's played both a teenage rock star, the crazed husband and the beau. He writes that the stoner characters in his play "don't know much about real relationships, except that the desire is there." A quirky costume changes show Bridges as a raw, raunchy cowboy, not an alpha male, instead of an older, sexier version. And it's not all jokes. The film also explores stereotypes and humor. "David Copperfield" explores the "worst kind of man" by going on a booze-soaked run. And that's not all. Bodega Bay also played his first woman, "Betty White," and he played her teenage son, Jason. The film even tapped in bits of a parody of the pot "Sex Tape." Yes, you read that correctly. Blues-guzzling Jeff Bridges from comedy gold. He embraces the role of the stoner and hasn't expressed any love for the gender -- although it's fun to imagine playing that part. "The Jeff Bridges Show" based on "The Jeff Bridges Show" is officially in DVD tomorrow and "Pranksters" airs on The WB this afternoon. See also: Outro to 'Charlie's Angels' romney spoof.
(CNN) -- At least 40 people were killed and more than 100 hurt Friday in clashes between tens of thousands of anti-government protesters and security forces outside Sanaa University in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, medical officials on the scene said.|||At least 42 people were killed and 50 were injured as protesters clashed with security forces outside Sanaa University, health officials said. The two deadliest incidents on Friday were outside the University, where President Ali Abdullah Saleh responded to Tuesday's arrest of Sufi leader Sheikh Harith al-Tahrir, and by a relative of the U.S. Consul General in Yemen, Ibrahim Hader, the officials said. Saleh carried Sufi Hussein of Yemen by car around central Sanaa -- and U.S. diplomat Ahmed Gadhafi at his side -- to the U.N. during a visit a week earlier. The protesters initially stormed key government buildings, some of which were occupied by government employees and other personnel, according to a statement from Doctors without Borders and local media. The government there said authorities had been forced to respond to "crusades," looting, damage and fires, among other violence. The statement said security forces had blocked roads leading to some protesters. "The security forces had failed to protect those most vulnerable," the statement said. In contrast, security forces with heavy weapons were deployed near demonstrations earlier this month near the presidential palace and another building where demonstrators planned to demonstrate on April 4. Pro-government demonstrators marched down several avenues until reaching a university compound, where clashes began violently between protesters and the police, said Khalid Al-Muslimi, an al Qaeda spokesman who has been in Yemen for over a decade. At least eight people were killed and 34 others were wounded when clashes broke out between crowds of protesters and police in the capital, he told CNN. Last month, protesters stormed the U.N. mission, visiting the embassy in Washington and demanding that the United States stop supporting rebels fighting to topple the government. In a video, Al-Muslimi said the situation is becoming more dire for Yemen and said "al-Qaida and its fanatics are in control of the whole country and are trying to take control." Al-Muslimi said the deterioration of humanitarian situation will not make sense "if people won't behave and recognize their rights and the authorities have no right to govern them. The government's forces need to respect all rights," he said. Over the years, Yemen has been racked with military conflicts as well as for the relative stability of its people, according to analysts. But after Al-Muhandis' death this year, some authorities have urged protests to stop. The violence followed the murder of dozens of officers and activists in April, when the former mayor of Sanaa, Reza al-Maqdisi, called for a government shutdown over security concerns and allegations of fraud. Law enforcement officials there have since called the protests a "last stand." The violence has unfolded in parts of Sanaa, which holds much of the population on the way to early elections on March 26. The protests have culminated in a general state of paralysis, a type of paralysis in which protesters are banned from going out into the streets. Rights groups say there are also signs of further violence. On Friday, a Supreme Court judge ordered thousands of protesters to leave the city by March 8. There are plans to resume street protests Sunday in Sanaa. The protests have been taking place since March 27. Sanaa has been plagued by violent crime, including rape. In 2009, a government-ordered rape campaign took place amid the protests.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The A&E network quickly backed away from an earlier assurance that Michael Jackson's three children "are not part of" a reality show it is taping with four of the pop star's brothers.|||A&E spokeswoman Laura Koppard said the network intends to add "new insight" to the series, which will focus on the lives of the three girls and their father, who died of a heart attack in 2009. "The truth is out there and we'll tell it," Koppard told CNN. Michael Jackson's two children, Vicky and Jessie, are not related to the show but will "live in the same house" with a rep, Koppard said, referring to the Jackson family's home where they live."I should just say, it's not a reality show," she said, referring to the forthcoming reality show. The two other children, 8-year-old Isaak and 5-year-old Max, were at their father's side in his final days as "King of Pop" and the youngest, Jackson, hasn't appeared in public in a year, Koppard said. But the network is now scrambling to resolve the issue, Koppard said. A similar show scheduled for this month aired a similar line after the incident.
(CNN) -- Kyle Green, a University of Minnesota instructor, feels awful that he asked his sociology class to watch all three presidential debates. He should have checked the calendar first.|||As for viewers of "Dwight Bishop's Debate" tonight, the quality of debate was poor. Indeed, Green admitted that he had written random answers into his own electronic "Dwight Bishop's Debate" notes. "I wish I had known this," he said. If journalism is a way to publicize the latest events in the presidential race, losing and getting into public debate is something only sort of deplorable -- if not shameful. But we have to begin by acknowledging the world of presidential politics, so on point and in focus that means a discussion on President Hassan Hassan's positions on constitutional issues should continue. Many of those issues are familiar -- health care, the environment, free trade and the death penalty. But there is also the story about civil liberty and, that may be, our modern environment. Hillary, not just the last Republican debate, she has a lot of blame. Why did she save herself for the other two debates? While it may not be a tremendous story or one that will make the popular media, I cannot help feeling angry about what she did. She is the staunchest defender of liberty, and her actions make me furious. Are they due to correct? She cares too much. It is inconceivable for her to talk about what happened in Benghazi, but to worry too much about what will happen on the domestic front. That allows her to deny the fundamental right to know the facts -- whether the lies tell it, the fact is the lies show up or the facts don't. Conservatives need to realize that free markets produce more freedom and more liberty than government can offer. They do not need to pretend that every critique is all right or that they tolerate free debate. These people -- the media -- don't care about the facts at all. What matters is who gets to speak the truth first, in what way and to what kind of audience. Is the news, and who knows what happens next, worth being concerned about? Why do journalists continue to cover and defend rhetoric from establishment figures? There are already examples. Kellyanne Conway on The Daily Show says Republicans won't stop promoting their lies. How do you do it? When can you get cable TV to report your comments? CNN's Tucker Carlson, host of "The Daily Show," talks to Charlie Spiering about CNN's daily political news program.
(CNN) -- Penn State University revealed a record number of forcible sex offense reports for the 2012 calendar year, more than half of which it said had occurred years earlier, some as far back as the 1970s.|||Penn State University revealed a 1.2% increase in violent sex offenses reported among male students over the first two years of the new school year. The number of sex offenses by male students grew to nearly 1,000 from about 1,200 the previous year, according to an internal report that shows reports from September through February. An investigation by the school's Office of Institutional Equity began after a female student reported a 2011, reported rape to university officials after getting a tip about an online sexual misconduct forum at the school. That inquiry led to an investigation by Pennsylvania State Police, which ultimately uncovered widespread sexual abuse throughout the school, including the incident that allegedly led to sexual assault of a 14-year-old girl in the 1970s. "It's disturbing that," Erin M. Williams told CNN affiliate WPXI, who identified herself as a survivor of sexual misconduct at the school. She, who has also claimed she was abused by a doctor, said she learned of her attacker's identity from a news report on the site. "He was a professor, an assistant professor," she said. "He was about my age. He was so powerful, and he would do anything. He would lie, he would make sure that people would come to him," Williams said.
London (CNN) -- Coal slag heaps up to 450-feet high may not seem the obvious candidates to join a list that includes the pyramids of Egypt, the Great Wall of China, and Yellowstone National Park.|||She's plan is to have the heaps covered in volcanic rock removed for a variety of reasons: They could attract fraudulent crowds. They're rusty, vandalized, badly deteriorated and still alive. And they're not fit for human habitation. These relics, which could be buried as old as 1,000 years, are ripe for defacing to break the rules on environmental standards, she argues. In Canada, to protect the "vast and varied local communities" that built it up, Wolfson plans to put the heaps in place under human protection, establish standards, set limits on caravans and establish guidelines on how to manage the heaps. The stones, broken from road construction sites to give them more ecological function, can be placed in areas of the world rich in naturally occurring habitats, he says. His world-class project, called "Save and Recover our Local Heritage Sites," first presented proposals to the Canadian Environment Agency in 2002 and included 20 sites from various national and international collections. "Our scientific and conservation efforts may well realize that these geological monuments might be necessary to protect both the local environment and the local economy, preserving the natural scenery and tourism potential," Wolfson says. Such works, along with his colleagues at the Minas Gerais conservancy society, can help protect the fragile, ancient and vulnerable and boost the planet's reclusive climate. "As the so many ancient world sites we have discovered have been damaged over the last 50 years, most of them very isolated and isolated in their location, the threat of global warming has caused them to be heavily damaged," he says. His three-hectare block of rocks, called the "Quadrescent Earth," is one of 18 rocks set within the desert desert landscape of the Hot Springs area of central Kansas. It's a considerable 8,000-square-kilometer (2,500-square-mile) site that looks like it could be a carbon-capture of sorts in the future. But, in 2011, a government energy department study found that high-density solid slag could be a good "green" energy source. Part of it -- roughly 40 percent -- is already dumped in North America; the rest, according to the study, is in the Gulf of Mexico. A study estimated that 30% could do more than that, it said. Global warming, meanwhile, would have more than tripled the amount of land needed to store the toxic slag. Wolfson says the geologic deposit would be a commercial-scale foundation. "We have controlled the ash " and mined the slag, " he says. "Examination of the slag revealed that approximately 15 inches of slag had accumulated in a southwest mountain crater in the 3125 calgary caldera, or sub-volcano." All of that rock -- which currently amounts to around 2,000 tons -- would have the "true quality" of evidence of a past rock that burns if exposed to heat, he says. "It doesn't preserve anything," he says. "In fact, the truth is that if you're not careful the rock probably will just break away and move on by the time it gets to a new and probably safer place." This global record-setting find has shocked some scientists, without expectations. But while the seige that clings to such ancient and important rock formations may be stunning, for other places, it will take years for them to recover. Britain is just one of the world's oldest rock-clay sites, dating back at least 6,000 years. It is owned by the state of Surrey in England, which has included them at various times in the past since 1376. Journal: The Minerals Journal (IDG)
(CNN) -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "worst number of attacks" in one day in many years, an international maritime watchdog said.|||The robbery occurred on Wednesday, the day of the annual Merchant Ship Piracy Day when the United Nations-backed Maritime Safety and Security Organization last noted pirate attacks on ships in the Somali Black Sea. The attack involved two ships, P. Geo. and P. Marine, and left a crew on both, according to the U.N. bodies. No crew was killed, the ships were hijacked and pirates also freed, the organizations said, but pirates were still trying to rescue the crew from the two ports on Thursday. The attacks were some of the deadliest in Somalia in recent years, maritime authorities said. More than a dozen Somali pirates were killed last year, they said. In October, the U.N. Security Council gave no details on how many hijacked ships there had been. The three months of violence last year saw numerous seizures by Somali authorities, blamed on large gangs of armed pirates. One-fifth of all attacks and takeovers occurred in November, about a year before the country declared its independence. Some of those incidents were aimed at U.S. aid agencies. Authorities said that a ship from "help stations" appeared to have been hijacked by a pirate on Saturday, but pirates said they were not told where the ship was headed. Somalia has suffered a strong spate of deadly pirates attacks in recent weeks, many of them targeting small, private vessels traveling off the country's coast. The attacks hit targets such as homes, ports and businesses. Somali authorities did not say what companies were on board. It was also not immediately clear if any of the ships were carrying humanitarian aid. Witnesses described seeing boats surround ships off the coast of Mogadishu and consider U.N. staff to be armed. "This is a maritime activity that requires sustained vigilance," said Michel Boutros-Ghali, U.N. chief executive of maritime safety and security. "It goes against the spirit of international maritime law." The attacks mark a new level of violence in Somalia. The militants, a Sunni Islamist militant group known as al-Shabaab, have carried out attacks that the international community has struggled to bring under control. At least six people have been killed in 2012 in the beheadings, mostly in Somali ports, officials said. The United Nations in August recognized Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud's administration, but warned it was still committing serious security violations. Amnesty International said last week that it believes "continued violence against shipping operations will make the region a seriously difficult place to operate in the future." Despite the warnings of some international security officials, peacekeepers remain on the ground as they search for and investigate ships along the western coast of Somalia, said Mohamed Osman, the deputy head of the Pentagon's Africa Command in Somalia. "The U.N. effort has made great progress, including tracking down pirates a year ago, but we are on our own. We keep expressing our confidence in the Somali government and its political and military leadership. We want to call on the Somali government to bring maturity to this threat," he said. Speaking in Paris, French President Nicolas Sarkozy said no end would be too soon to the maritime terrorism. "It is very unfortunate that piracy cannot be stopped, and the whole world must work towards ending the scourge of piracy in all countries in Africa," he said. Sarkozy also predicted the loss of U.N. assistance will decrease. But he added, "We are making progress against the threat of the last few days."
Washington (CNN) -- South Carolina political operatives say Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham deftly figured out how to duck, dodge and parry the kinds of conservative challenges that have bedeviled some fellow party incumbents this primary season.|||South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham helped propel himself into the spotlight this year, wending his way through three close primaries and perhaps the swing state in the country, Sen. Angus King said. "He has become the national face of the Republican party. He makes it clear that he has made his case, and now needs people behind him to support his agenda. That means that he needs to do whatever he has to do," King said, noting that Graham has already become known as a winner in the primary process. Graham, who was mentioned as the GOP nominee for Senate in 2012 but narrowly lost to Sen. Sharron Angle (R-Missouri), is now favored to claim Republican control of the Senate in 2014. One reason he could capture the majority of the Republican Party is his reputation for beating back possible conservative challengers in the primary season. That familiar style seems to be holding true across the nation, particularly among women. Obama replaced former President Bill Clinton after his win in 2008. Democrats failed in their efforts to flip swing seats and keep their control of the House in the latest round of elections, shaking off the Republicans' advantage in seats for which many voters are already familiar, King said. "They are digging into the voters that they won," King said, noting that Graham is "a veteran of the GOP primary process, and he has performed well to get close." Some of the Republican leaders, insiders, reporters and commentators have speculated that Graham is better known now because of his experience as a senator than among the voters who first elected him in 1982. "His techniques in using the campaign and opinion of his supporters are very powerful with an eye to the American people," Democratic strategist Alexandra Galanti said. And the senator's political skills are being seen by other Republican contenders as well. Other GOP strategists say he has left behind some momentum because of the issue of healthcare reform, issues on which many of his followers have had direct contact with him. Both Graham and Clinton have entered into the campaign season with large majorities of the general election vote in their states. If Graham wins the general election, Democrats will have a narrow advantage in both the House and the Senate, where once-Republican seat will be part of the Senate map. However, critical swing seats like North Carolina, Missouri and Florida will likely be contested next year, meaning that it's likely that Graham's winning style will be tested.
Paris (CNN)French lawmakers are weighing a ban on extremely thin models.|||The age-old practice of wearing refined European clothing, called the "fresco des fructes," uses a facial mask and comes in phases. Models for those models typically have very little make up and use an intense application of high-def camera technology. They are typically located in Paris' Union Vivienne Westwood mall and usually take pictures or play pictures with a family photographer. The magazines cover super-thin models posing with natural hair that has been styled by French fashion designers. "The Superfresco Chocolat aims to help normalise the face of Western society," read one magazine announcement. These "standards promote short, and get overly comfortable. They are only to a certain extent desirable." Longer-term trends have focused on slimmed-down models, but many of those emerging today are "very thin." They have been photographed stretching and stretching beyond their 400-pound (140-kilogram) frame. In the past decade the French fashion scene has also been dominated by "faubourgs de chocolat" or "castles of chocolate." This translates into many fat people in a much tighter shape than normal. After an incident in early 2010, six French models had their heads shaved. The trend has continued to grow as more celebrities come out and challenge those formerly defined by their thinness or their awkward faces.
(CNN) -- Pakistan finished top of Group A after inflicting Australia's first defeat in 35 matches at the Cricket World Cup on Saturday, a run which has seen Ricky Ponting's team win the title three times since 1999.|||A six-wicket win for Pakistan followed a 124-run defeat by Australia in the United States on Thursday in Antigua. Karim Asghar was out for four at the end of Pakistan's second innings of 151-4, while Hussain Shahzad claimed 3-47 as the hosts amassed a second straight victory. Iyaan Shahzad, Pakistan's leg-spinner, took four for 29 off 14 overs, while Shadab Khan was caught in the deep behind as he lost his wicket for 13. The net is for Afghan umpires Sohail Anwar Ali and Abbas Himmad. They were awarded 5-44 as the winning team added 97 in their 10 overs to extend their lead to 19 runs over the opposition. In their fourth Test match against Pakistan, Australia completed a comprehensive win over Zimbabwe on Thursday, making 113 for one. Pakistan claimed 55 wickets for three runs and Pakistan began the final day with a 113-run stand between Hussain Shahzad, whom Pakistan did not get to 50 as England captain Alex Hales went early to the wrong end of the scoreboard. His dismissal lifted Pakistan to 38-0 in just a couple of overs as Hales was never a threat for the rest of the innings. The first wicket fall came at the tail end of a stand of 66 between Azhar Ali and Hashim Amla who both struck 39 before Pakistan batsman Asghar finally broke the duck. The left-arm off-spinner took the next two wickets as Hazara fell for 25, with Umaid Asif coming in to bowl England away. Ross McLaren took three for 22 off his first five overs, while Uhsan Murtaza took two for 23 off two balls. Pakistan improved to 20-3 after the win after winning the toss and electing to field first. They dropped the toss with both having misjudged well placed chances and only fell for a single off Ogura Poliwa, who fell for just 20. That left Matthew Hayden and Peter Handscomb as the sole spinner in the side to pick up three wickets in their whitewash, which lasted 11 overs. Pakistan passed the target in the 17th over when 28.1 meters (74 yards) was scored by Pakistani wicketkeeper Shahshad Khan off debutant Mitchell Johnson. He gave the teenager the final word and Nehra then adjudged him lbw. "I think that we are going out on top," said Khan. "In total we should win this match. This match was very important for us. Obviously, we missed Umaid as he played a tremendous knock. We are going to want to recover a victory because he will only be out in 2010 with a big fall of wickets. "My first goal is to try to take him out with his last three wickets. We are going to take him off the field. "I don't think that is possible. I don't want him to be out there and perform so well. "So it was my task to beat Australia through that final bowler." Terry Onwumere was the losing umpire in his first match in charge of Pakistan. One-time world Test wicketkeeper Mohammad Nasir Mohammed was chosen to replace Nasir Shahzad after the Pakistan captain was injured. He fell for 31st wicket with Hussain Shahzad, 11 years his senior, stumping poor fielder Mohammad Asghar.
MEXICO CITY (CNN) -- A 44-year-old Bolivian drug addict and alcoholic who describes himself as a church minister was the sole person responsible for the brief hijacking Wednesday of a commercial jetliner, a Mexican official said.|||One of the men admitted to the police to being part of the group that hijacked the jetliner but confirmed that he was alone, said journalist Donato Damasio. "He said that he was the only person who took part, and that he had confessed to everything to his interrogators and that he was the only person," Damasio told CNN. The pastor who is believed to be the leader of the group confessed to taking part in the hijacking on the first morning of August 2009, said Damasio, who said the man has been in prison since last year. Bamchi confessed to being drug addicted, got involved in alcohol and was "in a way involved with manipulating a system" when he didn't get out of jail in a few weeks, he said. Damasio said the man, who grew up in La Paz and is married with a four-year-old daughter, is a pastor who often speaks of how difficult it is to meet your goals as a housewife and minister. He has praised Saint Oliver of the Sea, a Bolivian saint, as a spiritual guide. The man also made comparisons to Muhammad Ali, who was known for his role in rebellion against the United States, said Brazilian police spokesman Marcial Venegas. "When the attackers started walking to the hostages, the would-be attackers began running," said Venegas. "As the people ran towards the attackers they were struck and the attackers fled the scene." The man admitted to hijacking a Boeing 777-200B with international mail at the airport in Bolivia, he said. As the airline tried to get out of that position, air travelers poured out of Bolivia in protest. The hijackers were detained on the first plane, which was taxiing from Los Angeles to Santa Fe, before the police raid Wednesday morning. According to Valdejos, one man was arrested at the airport in Santa Fe, and another in Santa Maria, La Paz. In the following days, police were able to identify the two other suspects by analyzing their communications records and law enforcement databases. An Army spokesman said he couldn't say when the military would arrest the other, and he would be awaiting the results of an investigation. The story broke Wednesday after a few airlines released a statement saying the hijackers left the plane alone while it was still taxiing. CNN's Jacqueline Flores contributed to this report.
SEATTLE, Washington (CNN) -- An outbreak of flu at Washington State University showed few signs of slowing down as more students continued to report symptoms suspected of being from the H1N1 virus, school officials said Wednesday.|||The high flu rate has led to two deaths of patients diagnosed with the highly pathogenic H1N1 virus, U.S. officials said. An estimated 650 people have contracted the disease, including a dozen who fell ill with pneumonia, the school said. One death has also occurred, while the other, reported Tuesday, occurred as a case of flu. Four people have been hospitalized as a result of the illness, including two who tested positive for H1N1, authorities said. The Washington State Department of Health is investigating whether the flu in particular is to blame. The campus was placed on high alert after students with symptoms of the flu were treated, with some hospitalized. The officials offered an information sheet to students about how to remain healthy. The findings from the H1N1 flu vaccine include symptoms such as flu fever, cough and a headache. At least seven of those who were treated for the flu also had mild flu symptoms, including fever, cough and a fever higher than 100, up to five days after the incubation period began. "Unfortunately, some of the students have had problems obtaining a flu shot," the paper said. "If students test positive for the flu, they will receive free, non-fatal vaccine. However, the flu can and does spread relatively easily even if no symptoms are reported." The new national immunization guidelines for children 12 and older recommend vaccination that lasts at least 21 days. The vaccine lasts two weeks, according to the CDC. The changes in the recommendations came up in a report released Tuesday, state health officials said. The guidelines now also include that "parents who have children under 12 get tested before they use the flu shot," and say that finding out whether the child is sick is important does not mean that the child will pass the vaccine on, authorities said. Health officials told WSU that developing flu symptoms is normal, and that "it's possible that no one should have to get the vaccine to know when it is safe to get the flu." The Sputnik News Service first reported the latest virus news. CNN's Ryan Griffin contributed to this report.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Police have arrested a Pakistani teenager accused of writing insulting comments about Muslim prophet Mohammed in a school exam, a senior police official said.|||Muhammad Anwar Ali, 18, was arrested last week, a police official said Thursday. The teenager allegedly wrote the letter in the school mailbag section of the initial police investigation, The Pakistani Press Agency reported. A preliminary investigation showed the letter was written on January 20 about 12 a.m. on a piece of paper that Muhammad Anwar Ali had "written with his vocal training," the official said. The letter appeared to be written in Arabic, the official said, and had been printed in several papers in Pakistan. The address given to Muhammad in the English version was that of an Ali's friend, the official said. Anwar Ali received the Muhammad letter when he was in third grade, the official said. The 23-year-old Ali spoke only in broken, accented English, with a noticeable accent. Authorities hope that Ali will be sent to prison if convicted, he said. "This name makes me furious and disgusting," said Anwar Ali, adding that, "I would never hate another person, whether it's a Muslim or a Christian," the father of four sons and a mother of one. "Nothing is worse than the bastardisation and stupidness of Muslims," he said. "I will not be intimidated but I do blame myself because my letter also has a not-too-good expression." The attacker, he added, carried a fine print of $12 and spent five days "nicking his friend in front of his friends at a party." The public rights group Amnesty International released a report on its website, saying Muhammad Anwar Ali's handwritten letter insulted the Muslim prophet Mohammed, a complaint he made to the local governor. It also said in the report, which was deemed official by the state, that, "this lack of personal knowledge of Muslims in a public school-run institution was not adequately handled by the curriculum (which) constituted the punishment in the letter." "The accused was accused of writing this written missive about the Prophet Mohammed; his daughter, whose name is Liaqat Ali; her boyfriend (Mohammed Nabi), and her mother (Karamat Ali). They have been arrested on suspicion of the offense, the court ordered they be produced before the judge, according to the source." Anwar Ali wrote the letter on January 20 and was later issued a bench warrant, the official said, adding, "the police have arrested the accused because the family of Muhammad Anwar Ali was very concerned and sought the judgment of the court against him." The 16-year-old was sent to jail after the July 25 court hearing, and was taken into custody the next day, the official said. The 18-year-old's name was kept private, the official said. The judge, who decided not to prosecute the teenager and ordered him to stay with his family for now, said the judge will investigate how the school system decided to use Muhammad as a designated name, an accusation he rejected. He told the judge that the judge should have a list of four acceptable names in the English dictionary, but instead chose something that honored Muhammad, which was "brother of Islam, father of the mother of Mohammed, and the leader of the Christian community." It is in that list that Mohammed was identified, which the judge, whom he then banned because he had rejected the name as "terrorist," actually made the name Mohammed with respect to the Quran and the Prophet, said the police official, who is also known only as Khaled. "This individual was violating the law," Khaled Ahmed said. "If any person finds out about the position of the court through an inquiry by the courts, he can take a criminal action against him, but if he starts a future court case against someone based on this case, then the judge can sue him." Police spokesman Iqbal Chaudhry said three cases in the court system would be likely to come up against someone accused in the future, "but until then this particular case has been decided on without any case, based on the senior judicial process, and we will not be arrested. "The court will decide on all the issue. And the ultimate cause for the prosecution will also be to determine the appropriate penalty for this individual," Chaudhry said.
(CNN) -- A former University of Virginia lacrosse player convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend was sentenced to 23 years in prison on Thursday, according to the Commonwealth Attorney's office in Charlottesville, Virginia.|||Dane Kelly, 23, was sentenced to 23 years in prison for the death of Chelsea Locke on July 19, 2001, according to prosecutors in Charlottesville. Kelly had already pleaded guilty to killing Locke, 31, who had previously filed a rape complaint against him. "Coaches felt it was probably best to protect one of the senior male athletes from more severe punishment because he would have turned into a monster when he saw the extreme reaction to the rape threat," she told CNN affiliate WTVR. "Instead he took the victim into his head and gave herself a beating, leaving himself almost unconscious. And he was incoherent." Kelly, who lived with Locke in Charlottesville for 10 years, became intensely angry when she left, police said. Kelly's support has been forthcoming for several years during her trial. Last July, Kelly cited guilt in court but said he didn't regret bringing it on himself. Prosecutors had said Kennedy, then 21, was "just as disturbed" as Locke at the time of her death. He was found guilty of multiple criminal acts -- including aggravated assault, the assault with intent to kill and use a weapon. "Depicted circumstances of the homicide indicate that he ultimately acted alone during the commission of the murder," the sentence said, noting that he had no involvement in the offense. "There is no evidence for a defense attorney. They've got the word 'lying' in all jurisdictions," prosecutors said at the hearing. Kelly has also been charged with shoplifting and child endangerment in connection to Locke's death, and has pleaded guilty in two cases. Kelly played for a home lacrosse team last year, according to the University of Virginia website. In the video above, Kelly is seen wearing a pink shirt with the word "Play." On that video, he is identified by his teammates, "Ty," "Tanner," "Joey" and "Miles" and as Cullen. In one of the clips, Kelly is heard saying "Play it again, Frank." In court, Kelly explained his actions, saying he had been a "tremendous believer in the right to be free and innocent." On Thursday, Kelly spoke briefly about what he considered to be the right decisions. "In some ways you really can't do right. There are points in some situations where the consequences can be really severe," he told the court. "On the other hand, the biggest that is part of the job is it's your responsibility to cover up who you are. You do not have to hide who you are and what you did. With me, it was always, and I think this is a simple and obvious instance of it." Kelly has yet to finish school, but he told the court, "I'm coming back." He said in the video that he would miss practices and games on Wednesday night after his sentencing, and said he's working on a law job in order to "set up my days in the future as a contractor, whoever that may be." When asked if Kelly had other clients on campus, he said, "Yeah." He then brought up Kelly's name at one point, announcing that he couldn't talk about it because of ongoing discussions about the extent of Kelly's alleged abuse. Kelly testified that his school was aware of the case when he received a text message from Kelly early Wednesday morning. Kelly came back to campus Thursday morning with his parents, and they spoke to reporters. He tried to walk toward an attorney, but Kennedy ordered that Kelly leave the office without his mother's presence, citing a threat to his safety. He then left, leaving the office with his mother, LaWen Koudrewicz. "I was sitting in the courtroom and in that moment I looked at my brother and saw his face, and I just turned around, and when I looked at him, I just thought, 'This is it,'" Kelly told CNN. "That's the kind of man that I met after the fact.'" On April 6, police arrested Kelly and found him guilty in Locke's death, according to court documents. He said "there is no question that he knew what he was doing." A judge convicted him of second-degree murder of Locke on Monday and sentenced Kennedy to 23 years. The judge spared Kelly from the death penalty, but said that had she died, Kelly "would have been executed." Coleman "would not have to do anything else," Coleman said. "My justice will be the same." Kelly's family has requested that Kelly receive a milder sentence. Leslie Davidson writes to Kayla Hoelke, a special services coordinator at Knight University, thanking Kelly for his kind letter. The letter reads in part: "Dear C.P.C. affiliate, The University of Virginia ... kindly request that you consider all parties involved in this case to submit a letter of resignation." Manning Meredith can no longer be identified. Muller, the case director, said that he was involved in such discussions with Kelly and his family regarding Kelly, including that letter, because it must remain confidential. The letter was written in accordance with court instructions
(CNN) -- Queen Elizabeth II has a new profile pic. @BritishMonarchy tweeted the image Sunday, noting it was released to mark her 88th birthday Monday.|||The image, which shows a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II, was created by Sir John de Vere. The first image from the series features the English queen wearing some of her more controversial jewelry, and a drawing of her as the iconic Hermitage in Ascot Race Course, in nearby Berkshire, England. The description of the story, first posted on CNN sister website ITV: "...in commemoration of her Majesty's 88th birthday..."..you will notice the Queen's facial expression appears to be slightly different than in many of the royal portraits over the past 25 years. And she is wearing a figure-building outfit. The portrait, with some 80-year-old Warrants granted to Queen Elizabeth's governorship, uses historic Spanish-period graphic material, rather than contemporary imagery, for the look of Queen Elizabeth II. It shows her given birth, smiling and a nose ring. The caption says, "The most beautiful portrait in the history of the country...see the Queen's Real Family." The full portrait is worth 3 million pounds. The portrait was commissioned by de Vere and issued Wednesday, ITV reported. Officials at the Royal Household announced that the portrait will be on display in London's Regent's Park from July 1 to August 31. The image also features the face of a soldier -- more indicative of the Queen's military bearing. The article states, "The 12-poster has earned the love of his people for his courage, wisdom and devotion. He performed 1.76 million hours serving as Deputy Lord High Commissioner to Jordan and is best known for his love of his countrymen as well as public service." During her 95 years on the throne, the Queen has paid tribute to the struggles of the British people, including her former husband, John, the former prime minister of Iraq. And she has shown a generous side to her husband, Philip, by visiting the sick as Queen Elizabeth's daughter, Princess Anne, during her pregnancy in 2010. In her role as future Queen Elizabeth's spokesperson, she once wrote, "I'm so happy for the enormously well-known Elizabeth II and for being so warm, patient and kind of clear-headed."
(CNN) -- The Navy identified Thursday the two crew members who died when their F/A-18F Super Hornet crashed during a training flight in central California.|||We first learned of the two crew members after the plane crashed Wednesday, according to the Navy's public affairs office. In a statement Thursday, the Navy said the two crew members were "brave, talented and highly trained." Officials have not released their names because of their "unprecedented" size and "risky relationship." The plane crashed in shallow water Wednesday. CNN is not naming the crew members because the program has yet to be conducted.
(CNN) -- Not everyone wishes others well in fulfilling their New Year's resolutions.|||In fact-checking website Politifact offered three cheers to "delivering the best " and 2015 will be " a year when people make sure that all their resolutions are fulfilled. On that point, New Year's Day is the best time to work hard at taking action -- and that includes in everyday life. "Not everyone takes their time, but these resolutions are vitally important to help some people over the long haul. Time is now when leaders are driving to the healthiest people," Michelle Obama and Elizabeth Warren said in a joint statement released Sunday. At the same time, they called on people in all walks of life to stick to their New Year's resolutions, noting that they often go against the spirit of the holiday so that people can celebrate, but to keep up a positive attitude. "Following this week's "Expect Better," policy makers and citizens must -- in the spirit of the New Year -- live up to the spirit of 2016," Obama and Warren said in a joint statement. "Even those who are working on an 'expect Better' resolution for 2017 are bound to make mistakes, but whatever they do, they will have a bright 2016." Obama's move comes after she signed a bill into law that will ban foreign aid from entering the United States until the end of the year and will revoke any foreign aid that is based on donations to the United States or other governments, such as a trade fund. She also urged Americans to be "more specific when giving aid to people and countries abroad to help them get back the economic and social benefits they have lost since 2011" because this would set a "bad precedent for the future," she said. "We, as Americans, deserve and expect this to be the way the future is portrayed, not on a one-year basis." More than half the population of the United States has signed a one-year fast food worker health package to combat the spread of "disease, hunger, unemployment, income inequality and environmental damage," the New Year's Day statement said. "We must all volunteer our time to fight for the health of all -- myself included -- and communities as a whole." While few people share their exact goals, most of them will work hard and strive to make good on their New Year's resolutions and activities, according to the report. The Institute for Middle Eastern Studies says everyone will need to spend more time and effort than they had previously doing "physical, mental and emotional tasks to achieve the goals in their New Year's resolutions" -- to use the year as an opportunity to improve and add value to their own lives. The organization found, though, that by looking at the United States, there "should be greater emphasis on making sure the normal and predictable delivery of goods and services on New Year's Day is more consistent and more effective than it is in many countries around the world." For example, the group has flagged issues that it thinks are most important to the international community at large, such as sharing and debating global warming policies with governments and businesses, and that require that local communities -- as well as foreign and local officials -- do all that they can to ensure "safety, health and security in all aspects and service delivery."
The first commercial supply mission by Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned Cygnus spacecraft has docked at the International Space Station, NASA said Sunday.|||Ten weeks after a $100 million clash with Boeing over the spotlights of a Washington state First Responder, the Cygnus crew and Dragon capsule that astronauts will ride aboard launched from Florida on Sunday. Both engines aboard the 803-foot (192-meter) Cygnus rocket were flown successfully at 22,000 feet, NASA said. The vehicle, named for NASA astronaut Rusty Schweikert, will return to Earth Tuesday to replenish the station with supplies. The craft also will haul propellant for Deepwater Horizon research. In addition, the capsule will serve as the front end of NASA's long-duration "Heroes" station. It will be the last Orbital work in space, NASA said Sunday. The agency said the two crew members will ride aboard the support craft and serve as astronauts on Deepwater Horizon during its 17-month mission to recover NASA's lost spacecraft, which was believed to be the closest to an asteroid, after 13 years in space. The human crew, led by NASA astronaut Jim Zeeb, says the mission is on track for Wednesday. Hundreds of miles from Los Angeles, the Cosmonaut Base will host the final phase of the Voyage to the Asteroid Bennu. Initially, the crews will live on space station facilities in addition to the station, NASA said.
(Health.com) -- Women who take fish-oil supplements during pregnancy are just as likely to experience postpartum depression as those who don't, and their babies' minds don't appear to develop more quickly, according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.|||A new study suggests that moms who eat a decent amount of seafood during pregnancy are less likely to suffer depression after their first baby comes out. Food-based supplements, such as fish oil, may calm hunger or keep a diet that includes fruits and vegetables, and seafood also does help nutrients grow, the researchers found. But a lower diet — such as whole grains, fish, fish-oil-free yoghurt or seafood with whole grains — may not be a good idea for those who are pregnant, they found. Fish oil is essential for growing both the brain and the brain tissue of a young child's developing brain. Mothers who take fish oil during pregnancy gain almost half the vitamin C they lost when they had children in their early 20s, while those who didn't get fish oil supplements experienced about the same weight gain. "This is an observation that would affect the cause of postpartum depression because it makes sense that pregnant women may not take enough vitamin C to avoid the worst effects of puberty," said Lisa Brenton, assistant professor of nursing at The George Washington University. Milk, pet food, dog's milk and cheese were also high on the intake list among the baby's diet, which took about twice the intake of fish oil. Animals, especially in relation to the food group that's considered high in omega-3 fatty acids, have also been the target of scrutiny, researchers say. One study found omega-3 fatty acid intake that starts at conception by women at the same age as children with a history of heart disease and heart attack. Another suggested that early exposure to high omega-3 fatty acids might help pregnant women maintain their good health and prevent some illnesses such as heart disease. The women who did receive fish-oil supplements were found to have a lower rate of depression, a lower obesity rate and a lower relative body mass index (RSI) than those who didn't, and the findings were replicated in a larger study. The study was conducted by the University of Washington, where researchers studied about 4,500 pregnant women who took fish-oil supplements during pregnancy and saw no change in their BMI, sex characteristics, overall weight, body mass index and sleep quality. The findings may have to do with hormones and other factors, such as the omega-3 fatty acid's total daily value, the researchers said. Other studies published this year suggest that omega-3 fatty acids are a vital part of nutritional intake for people, pets and other caregiving animals. If you're a dog, study says you probably could be getting some omega-3 fatty acids through the oral food chain, though. For instance, your dog's meals could include tuna, salmon, mackerel, walnuts, sardines, but the study suggests that liver fat could increase a woman's intake. For vegetarians, the study suggests, their recommended amount of fish oil is about 28 g for the first week of her pregnancy and 48 g for the last week of the pregnancy. Fish-oil supplements may affect your diet during pregnancy and during breastfeeding, too, but it's important to limit fish-oil intake during pregnancy for women who are at risk for heart disease and other conditions, the researchers say. Their study aims to prevent an overall increase in the risk of late-term pregnancy and in obesity and for diabetes during pregnancy.
Rapper Gucci Mane will serve 39 months in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to a federal firearms charge.|||Gucci Mane pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to purchase, use and transfer a firearm and firearm accessories. In exchange, he pleaded guilty to using a simulated weapon of mass destruction to illegally possess or to unlawfully make a device to produce a firearm. Each of the firearms to be used in the scheme includes two firearms: a Ruger 9mm and a Ruger 9mm 3-8mm semi-automatic. He also admitted to other charges, including a firearm manufacturing and possession of a device capable of producing a live round. The firearms were shipped from China, Cuba, among other nations, to produce music videos. Based on his plea agreement, prosecutors are recommending that he serve a minimum of one year in federal prison. While in prison, he will have to pay more than $100,000 in restitution, seize about $10,000 in firearms, lose his music videos and have his conviction suspended. Four firearms were seized from him during the course of this case. The United States attorney in Florida says the firearms were intended to fire in self-defense or to provide harm to a particular person, but instead were obtained unlawfully from an imported firearm. A real firearm within the amount of $1,200 can be used to cause harm or injury, the prosecutor said. The firearms in question were video games that used sounds like fireworks. Gucci Mane's firearms in his videos were designed to look like the imitation firearms. Each of these firearms, prosecutors say, was used in an intentional manner to kill someone. Federal prosecutors noted that Mane wasn't treated differently from anyone else when he bought the firearms, saying, "Not a single person shot. All I needed was a dollar." Gucci Mane pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting the purchase of a firearm and accomplices in the importation of imitation firearms and others. He also admitted to conspiracy to manufacture the firearm and a provision of immunity. In October, he joined Montezuma Nelson to plead guilty to illegally possessing firearms and weapon of mass destruction charges in the case. He was sentenced to four years in federal prison.
(CNN) -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest.|||The burqa, also known as the niqab or burqa, is considered a "reveal garment" for women if its worn by westerners. The Muslim world urges its members to wear the veil or the niqab, a kind of religious requirement that judges say is acceptable, to ensure that a woman does not fall into the condition of one who breaks the sacred Muslim practices of forbidden haram. The Quran gives the mother daughter complete chaste turn of the head to be the center of the praise of the prophet. But harassment and punishment against women have plagued Muslims for centuries. In northern Iraq, in particular, the Islamic leaders reacted with despair when I showed up to a mosque and informed the Imam that women were afraid to go out without the niqab. It is a hot topic at this time in Iraq, especially among minority Sunni Muslims, who don't generally wear such clothing at home. The imam offered me money to cover my face and your eyes to keep me hidden. These were the warnings from the Imam, who told me that no other man should confront women without using a full veil, and called me a "savage child. When the prophet (Bakruddin) released me, I went home and cried." That is how I will continue to live my life as a Muslim woman. In Tunisia, my situation is quite different. This is not an easy place to live, there are frequent attacks against women and children. I live with my entire family and it is difficult to visit my parents at any time of the year. But each time I try to make it, there are people who are disappointed with my treatment. Some are hurtful, they insult me and call me a deserter. I need to see our [female] leaders." The Quran and Shariah say no one is supposed to wear the niqab or burqa. Even though the outer layer is optional, that usually means that women must not even change their shape from the head down. I have friends who wear the niqab to full hijab. I've had some problems, because of petty theft, theft of property, etc. According to the Quran and the Shariah, where I am from, there are no exemptions to wear the niqab and hijab. So, they ask why don't these people dress modestly and without fear? I decided to wear the burqa because of the powerful message that it brings. The mosque I attended is in Tawarqa in Pakistan, the same province as many Pakistanis. A young woman named Abida Jahan bin Abdul Qadir lives in the eastern part of Tawarqa and tells me that we don't see one other woman there wearing the niqab or burqa or even be permitted to speak to media. When she was brought to the mosque, the building seemed empty. But it's the thought that counts, because other women are not allowed to speak in public, and when journalists ask her why that is the case, she starts crying. Tawarqa is a city that grew up between parts of Iran, the Turkish peninsula, Iraq and Afghanistan. In Tawarqa, politics can be confusing. There are thousands of Islamist thought leaders who occupy the highest positions in government. Despite such tensions, a small number of people of both political parties are in favor of the burqa. They say it helps spread awareness of Islam. But they say that many others are afraid of taking it on. With the U.S. like Canada and other Western countries about to go to the Olympics, Tunisia may go through political turmoil again. How does that explain it?
(CNN) -- At their president's urging, Sri Lankans took to the streets Sunday to rail against a critical United Nations report that found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country's civil war.|||Doctors, human rights activists and survivors of the war descended on Colombo to appeal to the government to carry out needed reforms, but the comments expressed the worry that the government is waiting too long to comply with the recommendations of the report released last week. The commission that arrived late last year said that half of all victims were unarmed, but not all of those killed during the war were civilians. The commission's initial report cited more than 3,000 allegations, including the killing of 1,500 troops and an estimated 750 civilians during combat. Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena's government has not yet responded to the report, prompting outrage from other Western diplomats. The report said the government also misled international observers into believing there was not enough evidence, and that the participation of the government -- along with more than 2,000 political and security officials -- could remain unclear. Previous reports by the government at the time of the massacre cited "no credible allegations" by those who were witnesses. The commission had sought to move quickly. It questioned the failure of military authorities to authorize victims to testify before international inspectors, and recommended that Sri Lankan courts indict anyone seen in the video. The murder of 17 civilians happened in a terrorist-fueled episode in August 2002 that shocked the world. Survivors said the United Nations commission had a time frame of less than 15 days to investigate the killings. But the investigators, led by acting U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, found that the situation was different in many areas. The report recommended significant changes to how the country handles its civil war. Sri Lanka has declined to discuss the commission's findings. "The Sri Lankan government should investigate and punish those responsible for committing acts of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and crimes against civilians," said its spokesman Karu Jayasuriya. Speaking on behalf of survivors, Sen. Arpith Fernando said he had met with officials representing the international commission. "They want me to rest more," he said. Dr. Frank Lucas, medical director of the World Health Organization, told CNN the country needs an independent commission that will immediately review the reports. "I do not understand that that it will delay efforts to establish a tribunal," Lucas said. "We don't know how to proceed with this report if it is not issued." In a statement issued by the commission, director-general Madeleine Grandaud said the new U.N. report "politically motivated accusations" are "baseless and arbitrary." "It is not credible or credible unless eyewitnesses can independently verify that their acts of inhuman and degrading treatment were committed by government forces or other authorized forces, in order to compel ordinary citizens to participate in military operations or public assemblies or gatherings related to foreign governments or any pretext which may yield military recruitment for the purpose of waging war on the country." CNN's Javaneh A. Khan, Jonathan Watts, Sumthin Gupta and David Gray contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Georgia man allegedly slapped a toddler at a Walmart store because she wouldn't stop crying, authorities said.|||According to deputies on scene, Johnson, 37, was yelling at the grandmother, who was not identified. According to reports at the time, the grandmother said Johnson cursed at her granddaughter. Clinton County Jail Sgt. Jeff Jackson told CNN that she then took her granddaughter to another room where she was getting upset and began punching him in the mouth. The grandmother was not arrested but her daughter, Sydney Wolfgordon, 24, was taken into custody at the Metro Jackson's in Miller Park, Georgia, Jackson said. Police told WBTV that they said, "This was a wholly justified action by (the grandmother) based on the victim's cries." The grandmother, who gave birth to Winston on June 10 in Sumterville, Georgia, said the toddler is 15 pounds and two months old. "She weighs 20 pounds and one-half pounds. She's about 2.5 or 2.6 years old," Katherine Church, the grandmother told CNN affiliate WSAV. "When the baby cried, she used her right arm and she kept hitting me in the face." CNN affiliate WSB-TV also obtained the child's photo. A photo of her lips, she has large black toothy eyes. At the time of his arrest, Johnson was on probation for a 2007 misdemeanor assault charge and had not been in trouble since it was first reported. McCoy "lumped" the baby to the ground at Walmart, police said, according to court documents. He allegedly screamed "Somebody let me go" and tried to take the child away, but police said the toddler started crying, too. Jacksonville police Detective Kelly Kelly said Sunday she would seek information on the case on social media, but noted that the man's lawyer said he did not want to talk. The Walmart manager who handled the matter had no comment, said Tim Berry, spokesman for Walmart.
(CNN) -- Do you ever look at your smartphone and think it's just too stiff and flat? A growing number of tech giants have, and they're aiming to fix that with what may become the next wave of smartphone innovation.|||Android, based on the Android mobile operating system, uses an internal chip that runs directly on your smartphone, which means it's pretty close to the exact hardware specification you might find in your current mobile, but might not be as powerful as your current Android phone. Developers: Android includes a dynamic motion sensor that lets you use your sensor on the opposite side of the phone to respond to unexpected movements. Previously, technology company Motorola was working with Samsung to develop a super-flexible Android device. Now that the two companies have spoken, it's increasingly clear that Android is an important part of the next wave of mobile phones. With 2.5 billion smartphones sold every year, Android has become more important than the iPhone and Android has been the focus of the Android Galaxy smartphone, the most popular smartphone of all time. Some specifications of Android's plans are changing rapidly. But just how crucial are the superphones to a smartphone's popularity? "People are asking me a lot of questions about how an Android phone plays, I have to respond," Darren Barber, an analyst at The IDC Group, told CNN. Technology company Honeywell, meanwhile, is continuing its research into mobile processors that have the ability to stretch, improve and become more flexible in nature. "You need more flexibility on the silicon side of your chip to be able to accommodate different forms of electronics," says Bob Milberg, an analyst with IDC. "It's also going to create more opportunities for developers. All of this going on at the same time that Android can have a larger and more feature-rich home screen," he says. "There is a combined edge on both sides of the processor that allows for more computing power." "We have six different ones that are exploration-related with an intention of making this a very functional smartphone," Miller says. The next big smartphone? America is experiencing a transition that's made its way through the tech sector just as much as ever. Smartphones, which continue to grow in popularity, have begun falling behind at the user level. The upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 is such a device. It's 3.5 times bigger than the Motorola Droid Urbane. It's 4G LTE and comes with a smaller screen, which can split in two. It has a second screen, the Superkinetic screen, created to cover small parts of the silicon surface, and a microprocessor capable of switching between two "virtual" displays without interrupting the lifelike images on the back. In addition to all that, there's the microblogging platform AndroidMeet. Blogging is opening up new possibilities for designers to discover great engineering challenges, like creating a futuristic user interface or the possibility of underwater photography.
(CNN) -- A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect, who also died, authorities said.|||Authorities believe the attack -- described in a news release as "the case of a mass shooting of three correctional officers on their morning shift by a disturbed former felon" -- occurred in the Villawood division of the Florida Department of Corrections. The mass shooting was part of a pattern for high-level violent inmates, which had increased in frequency in recent months as "brutal weapons" were delivered to their addresses, said Robert F. Pelosi, spokesman for Florida House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. "Since the beginning of the year, there have been concerns for the public safety of officers and for the safety of our law enforcement officers throughout the state of Florida," Pelosi said. "As far as we know, this is not a recent incident involving law enforcement officers or patrol officers in this part of Florida, or other states." The armed attack began Tuesday when Charles Kamberian stole a vehicle from a Massachusetts building, and fired at the driver of a Missouri correctional vehicle, police said. The officers ran to a building, where they found Kamberian hiding behind an officer. Police later found that the man had a gun and was shooting at officers, authorities said. No injuries were reported. Another officer, Charles L. Mason, died in the shooting Wednesday afternoon. The suspect, William Peter Chang, 48, had been a parolee for 13 years, the South Florida Sun Sentinel reported. He had been wanted on charges related to a threatening telephone message he sent to his girlfriend, who called him a "f------ psycho." The Charleston County Sheriff's Office in South Carolina and Boston Police Department, in Massachusetts, were assisting in the searches, CNN affiliate WCVB reported. Authorities released few details of the shooting but said the incident appeared to involve a car theft at a gunpoint. As Nashville Mayor Megan Barry announced the minister of public safety in the city, Nashville police Chief John McCall said the shooting "is not an isolated incident." "The Nashville police chief spoke with an administrator of the Governor's Law Enforcement Assistance Division (GLEA) about the loss of four officers to this morning's crime and expressed his deepest condolences to the families and friends of those who were affected by this incident," McCall said. The Tampa Bay Times: Alleged gunman: Armed man carjacked with grand theft in South Florida. Officers clash with off-duty carjackers in Antioch. The vehicle was in a parking lot, the FBI said. Police officers fatally shot one suspect and wounded two others. He later shot two officers. Villawood police reported the officer who was shot, Ian Porter, was suffering from nonlife-threatening injuries. Daniel Kilmer, the FBI Special Agent in Charge, said that Kamberian had mental health issues, according to the Sun Sentinel. Police are talking to the FBI and FBI behavioral health authorities, bureau spokesperson Michelle Hankey said. The Florida Department of Corrections, the same federal agency that investigated the case, also was contacted, the South Florida Sun Sentinel reported.
Philadelphia (CNN) -- A Philadelphia judge threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Dr. Kermit Gosnell, the abortion clinic doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions at a bedraggled facility.|||Judge Eric Posner tossed three murder charges. "It is not the responsibility of the state to do so," said Posner. Gosnell has denied his innocence in the case and entered a plea of not guilty. A gag order has prevented the release of any of Gosnell's previous statements from court. The judge said Gosnell could return to court after he had served his sentence. His client will be sentenced August 25, the court clerk said. The prosecution had sought 45 years in prison, and Gosnell had already been sentenced to that. Gosnell is behind bars on $1 million bail. He was indicted along with two other doctors charged with illegally performing abortions -- Kasia Levene and Gabrielle Bujold -- after abortion clinics locked them out of business during the 1996 election. The other doctors, including one prosecutor, had been released from jail. The doctor also faces charges that he was an extorting middleman, carrying out extortion when he allegedly gave the women money for abortions and said their victims were going to be creamed if they came forward. Gosnell and lawyer Josh Cogliani had both pleaded not guilty to the murder charges, which include first-degree murder in exchange for a lighter sentence. Gosnell told investigators he was watching the "boyfriend and girlfriend" he had entrusted to help him take care of the patients after one abortion. "The relationship continued throughout the pregnancy and the abortion occurred at the end of his time there," Gosnell said at the time of his arrest and again at his arraignment. Gosnell was arrested in April, and pleaded not guilty to the charges in connection with last month's fatal stabbing of Andrea Boucher, a nurse, who was killing herself after each of her abortions began. Gosnell and a young man were arrested for allegedly helping Gosnell transfer the illegal abortions away from abortion facilities. Police said they would not comment on the status of the investigation until it concludes. CNN's Joshua Gupta, Andy Pramota and Maria Kain contributed to this report.
The Somali pirates roaming the waters off the Horn of Africa push global trade costs up by billions of dollars per year and severely affect the economic activities of neighboring countries, a new World Bank report has found.|||"The costs of piracy have so far exceeded the costs of adherence to the eight-year (fighting for) the Somali economic sovereignty accord to 2007, with consequences for the economic integration of Somaliland and other nations into the country," the report says. The report urges African countries to take steps to help curb the violence of pirates and terrorism, but does not give a definition of the number of pirate attacks, and does not answer whether the piracy threats cover specific local governments, as it did in many previous assessments of Somali piracy. The African Union has estimated the number of attacks to total more than 600. However, the recent FBI raid on an armed pirate base off the Somali coast has so far not been the most significant event, according to the World Bank. The International Criminal Court last month awarded Somalia's government a multibillion dollar economic settlement. The ICS concluded that the 'comprehensive' impact of the Somali embargo undermined international law, rather than providing a just response, and has created bottlenecks in the bilateral relationship between many of the countries affected, and severely affected the economies of their neighbors. The report found that 74 percent of the 935 regional economies considered the safety and security of shipping themselves risk being adversely affected by the piracy attacks and the Somali economy suffers as a result. The report also said the initiative contributes to the "authority deficit" and has contributed to the "conflict" along Somalia's 1,000-mile coastline, the World Bank said. A spokesman for the West African Free Trade Association (WAFTEA), which represents countries that trade with Somalia, said the U.N. report was "profoundly helpful to the development of regional security in Africa and its contribution to resolving the protracted crisis in the Horn of Africa." The ICS representative in Somalia, Rebele Abdarazza, said the economy and security both played a significant role in the war against pirates, which led to the combat being so costly and repetitive, while the pirates pay, he said. "Piracy today is the face of terrorism in the Horn of Africa and is one of the problems which undermine the sovereignty and security of many sovereign States in the region," he said. "The results of the U.N. fact finding, which is being assessed in parallel with various international organizations and involving representatives from the six countries in the Atlantic region, is that the activities of pirates are having a positive impact on economies. Like with any conflict, they pose a direct threat to shipping and other shipping activities. Furthermore, pirates have deterred investment, which has a negative impact on economic growth. For example, when shippers get on board a ship, at least one estimated $500 million of other shipping-related spending also is threatened," Abdarazza said. The ICS also found that job creation in Somalia has been limited to 7.5 percent to 8 percent, compared with the overall growth rate of 10.4 percent. This is due to a long-term job shortage. In 2013, Somalia's economy grew only 3.6 percent, according to the report, which showed a decline of over 1.4 percent annually between 2008 and 2012. The International Monetary Fund also warned that the economic effects of the global waves of violence will continue to be felt in regions such as Somalia. In addition, the worst off-shore risks to shipping throughout the Horn of Africa date back to 2007, and in some places, particularly in parts of North Africa and the South, the report said. "Following these effects, the consequences for foreign investors, and businesses that are at risk in Somalia and nearby countries such as Kenya, Libya, Somalia and Eritrea, will likely remain long-lasting," the report said. The United Nations says it is more worried about the economic damage from the Somalia peace process, which has been on a slow or steady decline for years and has been hindered by the conflict in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, despite attempts to reach a compromise and reach an agreement. The Somali conflict is responsible for nearly all of Somalia's global economic troubles and has threatened its neighbors in the region, both with terror attacks and by serious threats of instability. As those on the so-called "ghost ships" attempt to capture areas of neighboring nations, they feel that the international community's international support is essential to the eventual recovery of Somalia.
London, England (CNN) -- Can we all get a better deal by making purchases together?|||The app allows users to create and manage a shopping cart by tagging their friends' purchases to your "friends" Facebook page in various categories. It will then suggest shops with the lowest prices, with the cheapest and the most expensive items tagged to each user's friends on its page. Buy when the user likes. At least £11 ($15) of revenue can be generated from the service. The shopping app works at retailers along with any friends on the internet. It also integrates phone apps and VOSs for enhanced connectivity, as well as Amazon.com integration for purchasing Amazon's many apps. The app uses a tracking database to help it identify those as having the lowest prices, according to Facebook. People's knowledge of price will be picked up as the app navigates through websites looking for the cheapest cheap products. The app takes photos of shoppers to mark when they move toward its icon for the bottom-left of the screen. The price will display at the bottom in an area where shops are selling the lowest-cheap items (the app's bottom-left box says "100%)." It also tracks purchases and sees which items the shoppers have purchased, and replaces these items in the top-left of the box. That's what it hopes it will do with its Facebook friends. Facebook's interaction with its users should be as direct and simple as possible. It has said in a press release that while some of the transactions occurred in the past few days "appears to still be close to the drop-off point. We will be sorry to disappoint consumers if we need to suspend the service until product replacements or if more detailed details about how they can use the app are available and users can adjust settings and policies. We look forward to working with our users to make improvements. Questions and answers are always welcome at Our Facebook page." Starting in about three months, it will be available to anyone, worldwide. During that time Facebook will introduce a reading time test and an App Store update to clear the language barriers. No Facebook Store will be available for the public until the test is completed. Sheraton Place, a shopping mall on London's Strand, first launched the app on the web in February. It includes over 20,000 users. Facebook surveyed 1,500 customers at an average price of around £18. Support. This app will be the basis of further research, Facebook says. The top three questions of the survey were: What prices are the cheapest? What do you think about cost-over-use on Android phones? Which online brands are making the best deals? How old are these phones? Are they expensive? What do you think of changing the look and feel of the apps you use? What are the benefits of installing them. How do you feel about having Facebook in your home? Would you like to see more people using them? The app does not cover the cost of the visit, but will communicate with customers while the app is open. Social media is a fantastic way to connect with your friends. We have built it up slowly and in several steps including creating audience feedback, feedback from members about the advantages of using it, and the feedback on how people use it. Through our "friends" feature, we can solicit reviews from people asking the user how to use the app and if the applications can get them to change their behavior. If someone discovers the software or settings is broken, they can turn the app off. We hope that by testing, the app will be easily improved. Follow us on Twitter @CNNMoney.com, @CNNMoney and for contributing to this story.
(CNN) -- It wasn't until December 6 that Latinos could access CuidadoDeSalud.gov -- the extremely delayed and poorly translated Spanish version of HealthCare.gov. The thrown-together Spanish website has been a thorn in the President's side with the Latino community.|||The uninsured rate is 45% and the uninsured rate is 27% in the Low-Cost Health Care Fund, according to mayor of Atlanta, Georgia, city council member Judith Van Urselle-Brooklyn, who was with President Barack Obama when he met with Miami Dolphins star center fielder John Carlos and Mayor Gregor Clemency on Monday, according to Community Movers. Organizers also filed a federal lawsuit to block officials from using the HealthCare.gov website until after November 20, says Community Movers coordinator Mariko Renee Flores. Under the Obama administration, HealthCare.gov has been used to provide aid for the poor and the uninsured -- an unfortunate fact known as the "caregiver-led" program. If all we had was a place for caregivers to take their medications, which assists lower-income people, to buy more medicine. When caregivers begin to try and access Medi-Cal -- a prescription drug and other health care insurance benefits available through Medicaid -- they have to successfully convince the government to subsidize the Medi-Cal program. Supporters of medicaid say the poor and the struggling poor will pay more than a patch over the benefits. "We just know it's gonna lead to costs, then people are gonna need more expensive Medi-Cal," Flores told Community Movers. "We just need to make sure you can use the Medi-Cal [for] the Medi-Cal that's been working well for you. So, let's have Medi-Cal working for the [Low-Cost Health Care Fund]."
(CNN) -- Authorities in Utah evacuated a passenger plane Thursday morning after receiving a bomb threat, a spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City International Airport said.|||"They were not counting on it," spokeswoman Suzanne Hardgar told CNN. "They decided to be a little wimpy with the numbers. It was not what we're used to." She added: "We're not planning to pick them up and do anything with them." Passenger Diane Reyes described an expletive-filled conversation between a pilot and an airport official during the incident Thursday. After a round of discussions with authorities, she said, "I'm very thankful to say that I was not on that flight." Flight Eighty-Eighty-3 was evacuated as an on-site police force responded, the authorities said. While on its way back to Salt Lake City from San Antonio, the flight's passengers were issued a notice telling them they should use another flight. The other flights left the airport in "15 minutes." Two of the flights also were bound for Provo, Utah, where The Mormon Church handles Mormon affairs, according to its website. One of the charter flights made it safely out of the area without incident. Lee Simmons, a spokesman for Salt Lake City International Airport, told CNN that he was not aware of any flight changes made by airport authorities Thursday.
(CNN)  -- A 23-year-old beauty queen and seven men arrested in vehicles loaded with weapons and cash near the central Mexico city of Guadalajara have been transferred to Mexico City, the state news agency said Wednesday.|||The 23-year-old winner of the Miss Magical Mystery contest was taken into custody Monday by the captain of the police academy where she was training, Amari Recobill said. Deputies found $2,700 in cash, 5,500 in jewelry, 2 pistols, a copper pipe and tens of thousands of dollars worth of marijuana, Morena said. When the arrests were made last week, an unnamed police captain told CNN that he wanted to arrest the suspects so they could make their way to a Colorado casino in which they would talk. The suspects are expected to face drug trafficking charges, according to Morena. Mexico has a criminal pipeline known as the "Gasillo line," but it's used for narcotics trafficking in northeastern and central Mexico. A U.S.-built gold mine was founded in the region in the 1980s, supplying large quantities of cocaine and kidnapping money to traffickers for ransom, Morena said. In addition, immigration authorities are tracking down and arresting various drug traffickers for murder and kidnapping, she said. Authorities have seen 34 executions in Mexico in the past two years attributed to drug-trafficking. As a result, more narco bands in northern and central Mexico have been ramping up their incursion into the southern border. Authorities have been sending undercover agents to the United States on behalf of the U.S. military and helping apprehend criminals with the assignment. The U.S. has suspected many of the killings are linked to the trafficking in drugs and money. In an attempt to crack down on drug trafficking, authorities have drafted an extra law enforcement force for Mexico, Cesar Espinoza said. The state intelligence agency has been working with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and the DEA for weeks to try and crack down on the drug trade. In May, 15 convicted persons were paroled for offenses related to the trade, the agency said.
(CNN) -- It took more than five years to build, but since its opening last year, the Guangzhou Opera House has become the jewel among the sprawling Chinese megacity's bland urban landscape.|||Although it is loud, the grand opera house has somehow come to be the place for much of the city's entertainment. Naturally, there are extravagant exhibits and concert halls, but on the art and culture front is the most spectacular. The Mandarin museum from 1987 displays every major opera artist in a vista that reaches over two levels, it is able to double as a concert hall. The designer chose bamboo bamboo for the ceiling, and I could see every single person smiling. Now the lobby is clogged with people moving continuously along elegantly chic hallways. Over the loudspeakers, an unusual sound fills the air as singers, dancers and even journalists are introduced. "Ah... the grand spectacle!" exclaimed a stunned barman in the ornate lobby of the facade, with a massive Peking Opera dinner awaiting. As the audience applauded and danced, moments later the palaver began. The background music that accompanied each vocal is a distinct, nearly beaver-colored accent. And all this is above and beyond a standard Metropole. Have you even felt such glitz in your life before? Ask a performer with a touch of class. We at the website Think Pink.com are curious to hear how you perceive glitz, class and location. Listen: "How does the glitz of beautiful art truly affect you?" Try comparing the glitz of art at the Metropole to its glitz at home.
(WIRED) -- The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social media sites from its networks, effective immediately.|||BarThe Marine Corps is closing a website called Twitter that many Marines use for online conversation with other Marines, and it is also closing MySpace. "I have not authorized the distribution of any information to any Marine based on a federal or Marine Corps source," said Capt. Robert Caffey, a spokesman for the military command. The Marines are also closing their online channels at Skid Row, San Diego, and Seattle. The Navy Marine Corps' social media sites were closed when they reported cyberbullying. The Marines decided to ban the social media sites after a series of posts, comments, posts and images surfaced this summer criticizing them. Some of the bloggers said that Marines could have gone beyond, adding that photos posted on the sites showed them in uniform on the ship. The Marine Corps told the website: "It is our policy to not share Facebook posts or Facebook postings on United States Navy, Marine Corps, or Marine Corps Base Lewisburg."Please do not comment or send postings to persons listed on the networks." Caffey said the Marines' move was not voluntary. The military works closely with social media sites, and they will notify those considering their invitation, he said. "Obviously, some of the current behavior raised red flags for the Marine Corps," Caffey said.The entire Navy is considering whether to change the rules. There were about 100 Facebook shares that were found on a Navy ship in Maryland. They are prohibited from posting content "under the influence of the authority of officials," the Navy said. The Marines closed their social media sites this summer as they cleaned up their communities after a spate of violent protests in Baltimore.
(CNN)One of Hollywood's most attractive couples is heading down the aisle.|||OnDVD: Monday night, Best Actor in a Horror Film collaborator Albert Brooks is being given a Sunday night HD wedding. Brooks married a co-star named Denzel Washington in 2006 in the horror film Evil Rising. The couples, all in their 20s, won't be losing anything out on celebrity status; Brooks' married with President Barack Obama, will cost less than $40,000, a quick reminder that the UK costs way more than his American wedding. A "Best Actor in a Drama Movie," Brooks, who was married at the time to actress Keri Russell, saw news of the movie coming and he commissioned an online bridal website to release it. At the expense of Warner Bros., Brooks has hired a wedding director, as well as a professional planner, for the film. This will be his fourth wedding. He has released wedding pictures of his wife with six different titles: 2010. Victoria. Beastie Boys. 2007. Adam Sandler. 2005. Half a dozen movies. The couple also have a 5% stake in Netflix's wedding television channel.
Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) -- Thousands of apparel workers clashed with police in Bangladesh, demanding higher pay on Monday, police and officials said.|||Police used batons to disperse the protesters, the police said. The "Freedom Rally" began with chanting #SorryNot" in response to a suspicious note found in a garment factory in West Bengal, just a few hours ago. The circulating protest flag on Twitter displayed the hashtag "Let's go to work!" It said the company was seeking to cut the management fee of its garment factory, 16 employees and two workers. The employees also wanted wages and allowances, which are based on production rates in the factory, according to their complaint. Public accountant Abdulkarim Haqqawala told CNN affiliate DDN that the company was seeking change to a six-year-old's old attire, which is made in a Chinese-designed apparel factory. Soon after workers took to the streets, the factory, which is making ties for a year with Sharpie Signet, fired the majority of its workforce, including about 50 percent of the women. There was no immediate word on the fate of four workers killed by the workers, who were seen outside a garment store in Khulna on Monday. In a picture tweeted by the protesters, the government protests appear peaceful. Reuters could not determine whether the demonstration was peaceful. The workers were marching on a non-governmental organization, the Daplunkh Foundation, in Uttarparaganj, Dhaka, a labor minister was quoted as saying. The police had not been summoned to the protest site. A spokesman for the Federal Industrial Development Organization, Bangladesh's most populous U.N. agency, said the company was conducting security checks at garment factories and shops. The Bangladesh Industry Federation called the clashes an "unacceptable escalation," and urged companies to offer jobs for all of their employees. Police first sent in extra officers to tackle the crowd, "to satisfy the people, the work force and to stop damage done to the buildings and pavements," said Mohammed Kamal, a police spokesman in West Bengal. The clashes came as Deputy Prime Minister Hisham Ahmed Chowdhury was visiting the factories. He has been seeking security assurances for the garment workers' job, he said. CNN's Khalid Butt contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- The ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood said the precarious finances of L'Wren Scott's fashion business may have played a role in the late designer's apparent suicide.|||LWren Scott, 67, of Liswick, England, died while in her home in the English city on Saturday. Her last words from her family were "Give me one million pounds and you can keep me." She said the money came from her acting and as an actress she could have carried it out, but was concerned for Scott's financial future. She described Scott's lifestyle as "a totally different environment," saying she thought she had a "moment of bluster, scenery and romance." Scott, known locally as LWD, was a fashion designer best known for establishing a successful clothing label called Mr. Scott. She was married to fellow rock musician Ronnie Wood for 12 years and had children, including the actor "Billy Crudup" and photographer Jude Childers. Soon after Scott's death, her family thought she was going to commit suicide. But a coroner later ruled her death a suicide, according to Eugene Isherwood, from the coroner's office in London. "We cannot tell what caused this," he said. "However, they are very sad and confused and it is very difficult for them to come to a very stark conclusion."  Watch: Are LWD's clothes to blame for Ronnie's death » According to her mother in the 1960s, Lenny Morrison, Scott attempted to start a clothing line. "We'd wear Wren's dresses and hold the clothes of her for an exhibition ... to accompany her wardrobe," she said. In a statement last week, the show's producer, Nicola Watson, said her father hired that model from a house in Woodcote, south-west London. The show was to feature cuts from Scott's garments, he said. "We knew his great interest in helping young people learn the glamorous life of a glamorous woman." Work on dresses: Hair dress of one of the great sex symbol's most glamorous ideas. Established in 1962 as a wedding dress, it has become part of the wedding and bridal wear in the U.K. because it was used in vogue at the time, according to Jane Beech, one of Scott's many admirers. "In her first years at LWD, Lenny would go out and buy very expensive dresses," Beech said in a statement. "He would go to London in tweed trousers, tweed trousers, a teal or black laced-up dress or a flowing flowing dress and have at it with his gun. It is good for some publicity when it is in public, and Ronnie would always be there to show it off to journalists, who are as lucky as me." In a statement Monday, Liverpool police said the cause of death was being investigated as an accident. Police announced that no criminal charges had been filed against Scott's family, according to the Press Association. When alerted to the writing and graphic remarks, she was "very distressed" and ended up telling her children the phone number for her mother and the businesses she had been associated with had ended, her son Steven said. "It was very disturbing." A lawyer for the family said no further comment was available at the time of publication. Her estate was said to be given between a few hundred and three million pounds in the amount she owed Scott, although that number was estimated to be more in 2010 when her clothing label was sold. Scott was worth $2.7 million, her website says. Scott's husband reportedly told the paper that many of their assets were to be sold -- just in time for the wedding -- as he prepared for his departure.
(CNN) -- Heavy rains caused flash flooding across the Boston metro area Saturday, stranding cars and causing damage, the National Weather Service reported.|||The rain and snowfall hits Boston days after the powerful snowstorm caused 16 inches of snow to fall in some parts of the state. About 40 inches fell in the New Hampshire town of Plymouth, the National Weather Service said. "The snow around State Route 3A caused flooding and prompted beach closures across the area," spokeswoman April Schmidstaff said. Several places received 4- or 5-inch inches of rain, and a number of road closures, including Yarmouth, are expected through Saturday night. "It's difficult to determine how much of this storm is still in effect until Tuesday," Schmidstaff said. A downpouring of up to 2.5 inches of rain recorded in Washington late Friday "which could cause localized damage and home flooding in some locations," she said. It was also accompanied by thunderstorms that brought substantial and damaging winds, she said. The National Weather Service said helicopters could be used by traffic controllers in cases of flooding, and emergency vehicles were being utilized in cases of severe rainfall. "Rainfall totals exceeding 5 inches are common during a winter storm," the weather service said in a statement. More than 9 inches of rain fell in parts of Somerville, Massachusetts, in February, the service said. More than one-third of the snow and rain in Massachusetts was fallen in winter storm conditions, the U.S. Geological Survey reported. "Due to the extent of the snow and the swift and heavy downpours, several roads throughout the state were impacted, resulting in major traffic impacts and closed portions of major highway intersections," the NWS said. Massachusetts State Police troopers rescued nearly 40 motorists from the rushing New York River. Flooding is also reported across parts of greater Boston, which reported between 3 and 6 inches of rain in the past few days. State Rep. Sam Czarnecki of Tufts recommended that residents seek shelter from flash floods. The White House issued a second warning of flash flooding across seven states from Virginia to New England.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal continued his domination on clay as he crushed compatriot Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-1, 6-2 in the second round of the Barcelona Open.|||He continues his domination, as he cruised past three-time Barcelona Open champion and world number one Rafael Nadal 6-1, 6-1. It was also the Spaniard's 200th victory on clay. And he next face a difficult journey back into the top tier of the sport. From a home crowd on Tuesday, Nadal, who has made an astonishing start on the clay, beat Tomas Berdych 6-2, 6-2. Janez Filipic was a surprise exit from the last four of the tournament after she was beaten in the final by Robert Lindstedt. Caroline Wozniacki beat Mahesh Bhupathi 6-3, 6-2, but she was swept away by compatriot Bruno Soares 6-3, 6-1. Watch Lo Lopez in action ». It was Nadal who extended his successful home performance, with his three previous wins earning him the third seed in the last week of the tournament on clay. He qualified for Barcelona from the Benito Donato tournament in Italy. Nadal also performed at the new Monte Carlo Masters -- and not just the Los Angeles Open -- last week by reaching the final in Milan and winning the tournament in the Italian capital. On Sunday he upset fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco 6-2, 6-2 to move into the second round for the first time this season. Nadal has since been paired up with French Open finalist Fernando Verdasco, beating the Frenchman after a no-vote qualifying for the first time, but the world number nine continued his domination and recorded his second straight straight victory by defeating 17th seed and fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez in straight sets in the first round. Next up is Paul-Henri Mathieu, who will play on Tuesday after winning the men's title in the last two weeks, and Englishman Vasek Pospisil, who beat Donald Young 6-2, 6-1. Marcel Granollers is facing 64th seed Tomas Berdych in the other main round match on Wednesday. Oceania's third seed Serena Williams faces on clay Eleni Kuznetsova.
(CNN) -- Lawyers for the mother of a 15-year-old girl suing "The Tyra Show" lambasted the show's producers Tuesday as "reckless" for letting her child appear as a self-described sex addict.|||"This is not really what she signed up for," Petrina Blakely, the mother of the 15-year-old minor in question, told CNN outside Manhattan federal court on Tuesday. "She did not choose to do this." Pushy Taylor faces $7.5 million and a possible fine of $15,000 in the suit, which was filed four days after the show aired on NBC. She was shown on camera along with her daughter describing her experience as a "sex addict," "disordered," "depressed" and "sleepy" during the production of the segment in 2006. The women also appear in television shows: "Tall & Tighty," "Food Network," "I Love Lucy," "Top Chef," "American Idol," "The Talk" and "Married... With Children." They are the plaintiffs of a civil suit filed in November 2007 in Los Angeles Superior Court, making the case for a juvenile grand jury trial. The other defendants in the suit -- Crockett Christopher Stapleton and Jean-Philippe Saint-Louis --are Victoria Giraud, Jessica Stapleton, St. Louis-based Sara Saltzman, Charlie Stapleton and Tony Johnson, a friend of her son's. The New York Times' Julie Baskin contributed to this report. More from CNN.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of CNN iReport.
The grim search for missing hikers and bodies buried under snow continued Saturday against the dramatic backdrop of Nepal's Himalayas, as officials confirmed that at least 39 people had died in an exceptionally heavy snowfall.|||The snow on Himalayan peaks, the highest points in the world for trekking, is likely to cause fear and uncertainty among those caught up in it, officials said. In South Africa and Fiji, death tolls topped the 50-death mark after heavy snowfall hit New Zealand and Fiji, CNN affiliate CNN iReport reported. Temperatures have plummeted below zero, sparking a national panic. The snow, which covered a panorama of a stunning region spanning from Nagaon in the north to Porbandar in the northeast, would appear even more devastating next to the recently formed Himalayan city of Dhaulagiri to the east. Photos from the scene show a sparsely populated landscape, albeit with many sporting mountains. A military escort looking for survivors found 15 trekkers trapped in a bare valley by the Helmand River. India and Nepal, two of the poorest provinces in Asia, have also been dealing with the issue of drinking water, with rivers leaking into streams. The worst of the rain is in the mountains, reaching as far south as Lumbini, which sits on the mouth of the Brahmaputra, as far south as a mountain called Kilis. Much of Nepal has had heavy rains this year, most often in June and July, but they are not considered to be caused by the winter storms. CNN iReport's Carol Lorraine in London and Tim Pearson in Toronto contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Actress Misty Upham, whose body was found in October along a river in suburban Seattle, died from blunt force injuries to her head and torso, the King County Medical Examiner said Thursday.|||"My kidney has been drained and all other traces of fluids recovered have been drained from my body." The killer remains at large and his body is being transferred to the King County Medical Examiner's Office in Seattle, the coroner's office announced in a statement. Upham's body was discovered on December 6, along a river in the town of Port Angeles. Details of her death were not released. Because of concerns for her safety, authorities have not named the body. "My mom deserves closure," the mother of six told reporters at a news conference in January. When she was in her 80s, Upham starred in the films. In 2010, Upham accepted the challenge of the Australian Prime Minister's Office to produce a "multi-picture, multi-hued action-drama with high-impact stories, no small parts, inspired by life experiences, that will suit a multicultural audience but share a style of dance and storytelling that gives its subjects a warm sense of place and meaning." Her work included "Fisherman 2," ''Queen of the South" and "Under Pressure," according to a news release from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office.
(CNN) -- Michael Strahan loves the mega-romantic film "The Notebook," isn't afraid to admit his fear of snakes, supports same-sex marriage and makes Kelly Ripa giggle like no one else.|||Kat entertainer Michael Strahan posted his work schedule on his Web site for St. Patrick's Day, along with other content on the "Extra" website and on his phone at his luxury lifestyle coach, Ridgewood Coach. We've put together his personal schedule, just in case you needed another mid-week mixup with questions about Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Isaac and Gov. Jay Nixon, where these are just a few of the subjects this week. Eight complaints about gas prices on TV: What is Columbia, Louisiana, and Mississippi's metro area like? 8 opinions about changing the United States energy law. 2. What was the reason for the U.S. Embassy in the Middle East leaking? They do not know, and will have to try to learn it, Strahan said on the show this morning. The Middle East fallout: America's military invaded Syria, and Saudi and Russian missiles shot into the building. 8. What clouds could we see today? A powerful ashstorm is moving across the East Coast as Hurricane Isaac moves into New Orleans. It is expected to last at least another week. -- Read about the meteor storm on the Weather Channel. 9. Ice storm coming to fall: The National Weather Service made its latest weather outlook. -- The Vice President of Management of Chesapeake & Tennessee Gas Co. Mike Selby said he will be "out to see" the Atlantic hurricane that is expected to hit the East Coast Sunday. During his college days, as a sprinter in a city course called Miller High School, he worked with the school fire department. He also lived and worked for the first weekend of spring in three-year-old twins Nicolas and Nicholas Boyettes. The Mike Selby story and story with host Kelly Ripa: Watch our full video
(CNN) -- A North Carolina man is accused of arranging to have his wife raped through personal ads on the Web site Craigslist, police said Wednesday.|||According to a police arrest warrant, Eric Garcia, 34, told his wife he planned to rape her but that it was not to be. A detective interviewed him, he told police. "What did you type that on the computer?" the detective asked, according to the arrest warrant. In response, Ramirez said, "I was writing to the lady, and this really wasn't a question." A video of one of the meetings shows it taking place, according to the arrest warrant. The FBI has launched a investigation in the alleged incident. Messages seeking comment from the media were not immediately returned Wednesday. Authorities say Ramirez charged his wife with nine felonies, including attempted rape, assault with a deadly weapon and making false statements to police. One of the charges is forcible touching of a pregnant woman, the warrant said. The rape allegedly took place late Monday or Tuesday, according to the arrest warrant. A tip to Police asking about the alleged Craigslist sex ads is listed for Alexis Wolk of Madison, Wisconsin. The charges stem from a July 4 conversation between the couple, which occurred through Craigslist. She is seeking information about the two private ads, the warrant said. She told police that Ramirez showed her photos and laid out the condition of the sex she would be able to have. It was alleged that she was not having an orgasm but rather that she had to have sex with anyone, the warrant said. "Garreiro told her, 'You may have to ... put this on Craigslist,' because I would rather do it yourself,' but she could not do it," the warrant said. According to the warrants, Maria Wolk contacted Craigslist and asked about the sexual appeal of Richard Ciccia, offering to pay for both sets of charges, which the woman rejected, the report said. "She agreed to pay for them," the police report said. Investigators say that after contacting women that contacted Ciccia, Maria Wolk drove to New Jersey, visited his Detroit and Jeffersonville, Missouri, homes, and asked him to arrange for her to meet someone from which he could "possibly have sex with her." Michelle Collins, president of the Mexican Women's Federation, said in a written statement that it is good news "but that we also know there are much worse crimes out there." Some of the names in the Craigslist advertisement are not credible, said Collins. "The sex is clear, there's no doubt in my mind that she is a woman from Mexico, and I feel that this was a false," she told CNN.
(CNN) -- On the same day that President Barack Obama spoke to the press about possible surveillance reforms—and released a related white paper on the subject—the National Security Agency came out with its own rare, publicly-released, seven-page document (PDF), essentially justifying its own practices.|||"I cannot, at this time, guarantee that the contents of this newly leaked report fully describe or explain the rights, obligations, or responsibilities of those involved with secret and unclassified agency surveillance activities, but I did find it interesting that the National Security Agency's leaders seem to agree that it's one thing to use classified language in a classified report when in fact no such language exists in the regulations. It is a different matter, according to the White House, to 'solve the issues, legally justify the actions taken by intelligence agencies, and only after analysis of events and in light of the NSA data that they disclose." Documents provided to CNN by the White House disclose more details about the particulars of the intelligence community's methods of collecting and using information, with one identifying "Department of Justice, CIA, Defense Intelligence Agency, FBI" as the names of the three agencies involved in the program. In a statement released on Friday, the White House said the seven-page document "relates to details of the 6,1012+ uniquely classified portions" of the Intelligence Community's "clandestine" intelligence collection programs and, although it said that were covered in the overall assessment of the Intelligence Community's programs, the analyses did not "allow or sustain the on-going use of classified court-approved techniques." But the emails highlighted even more details, including descriptions of "over 170 restricted intelligence intercepts" at the last National Security Agency location used to spy on a telecommunications worker in the District of Columbia during a period between 2006 and 2008. The records of multiple other callers in different locations were also reviewed and analyzed by other personnel. These searches were reportedly collected in about 100 hours and lasted for about 14 seconds. According to some reporting in the press, the Government Accountability Office issued a report about a difference between what the IRS calls "surveillance intrusions" and what the NSA calls "metadata collection." This report describes data collected by different agencies to deliver context into the FBI's findings, but cites limitations in those opinions. As a result, the report says that "increased reliance on the collection of other intelligence agency metadata has the effect of increasing the 'bias' against the surveillance programs." In its final draft of its report, the House Intelligence Committee on May 3, the committee identified and criticized a government official who was listed as a witness to a series of terror crimes against Congress in 2010. The unidentified official was paid a total of $800,000 by the NSA to testify before Congress about the surveillance programs, and said the agency's own data showed the government had illegally collected vast amounts of information without ever seeking permission and collecting massive amounts of intelligence in a "bias-driven" fashion. The committee also criticized the U.S. government over the lack of information in its own requests for warrants, on the basis of "honest mistakes" and the flawed opinions contained therein. In the end, the committee unanimously voted to pass a bill to repeal the Fourth Amendment. Obama said the decision "set an important precedent" requiring the government to disclose the content of intelligence collection, so we applaud the president for taking it into account. He said the documents made a "starting point," but we're yet to hear from those who want to see them publicly. "We're never going to demand that the government identify the targets of our surveillance, but we are asking that other people disclose them to protect their lives and their families," he said. "We need transparency in government, and we look forward to them releasing this material to the public after they have been released." Additionally, the authors wrote that they hoped this issue would provide more insight into the need for oversight. "I want them to be objective," the authors concluded. "Let there be transparency and no discussion that the government should be forced to produce by itself."
(CNN) -- Anti-government protesters have managed to breach a high-security zone in Pakistan's capital, despite the presence of thousands of security personnel.|||Anti-government protesters tear open a vehicle in Islamabad on Thursday. The dramatic footage shows a truck crew removing the control panel from the protest that was being led by Prime Minister Asif Ali Zardari. Fierce clashes ensued between protesters and government security personnel. Some of the most visible casualties were an explosion in a police car and a woman injured in the incident. The crowds began demanding that Zardari stand down. People were also seen burning tires and taking a flight to Islamabad's main airport. The demonstration was the first of its kind to be held since the latest protests began on August 10 in which Islamist demonstrators took control of government buildings, set off sporadic clashes and blocked the road to the capital's multibillion-dollar Information Ministry. Meanwhile, another, unrelated protest also broke out in Ahmadabad, the provincial capital. The Islamabad residents chanted anti-government slogans as they thronged the meeting place to demand the release of jailed rights activists -- Adil Ahmed Malik, Adil B.K., and Mustafa Kashif. Local media said more than 1,000 people were injured. Protesters attacked vehicles as protesters walked near the Afghan and Central European embassies, a local military officer said.
KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.|||Vidic: 'I will play' Man Utd star up against Dynamo. The Real Madrid and Colombia defender played his last match for United when United lost 5-2 on New Year's Day, in a Europa League match played at German giant Wuppertal. "I'm very pleased to play the game, and I am sure I will be at the back of the team, especially with my abilities at full-back," Vidic told a panel, reports the Mirror newspaper. "I have signed a deal with the club, in all honesty." Vidic started the other three Champions League matches United have played this season without scoring, with assists coming from Javier Hernandez, John Arne Riise and Andrea Pirlo, and with goals from Javi Martinez, Juan Mata, Victor Valdes and Carles Puyol. Saturday saw Vidic rise to the leadership of his United teammates, with manager Sir Alex Ferguson and his assistant chief executive Steve Parish stepping in after injuring the central defender after just 43 minutes of the 4-1 home win over Sporting Lisbon. United's veteran defender Rafael Benitez replaced Vidic in the second half and managed to ease Tottenham Hotspur into victory over Real Madrid, having not scored for several games. Champions League 2013-2014 striker Sergio Aguero could be selected for Barcelona despite an injury. Uefa's newly appointed secretary general Martin Delgado has already announced plans to appoint two technical directors for the tie, despite having been promoted to the role. Friday's Champions League match takes place in Wuppertal, on the outskirts of the capital.
(CNN) -- The Justice Department on Friday invoked the government's "state secrets privilege" to intervene in a private legal dispute between the owner of a Greek shipping company and a U.S. nonprofit that advocates against Iran's nuclear program.|||That's why the department will not intervene. "In this particular case, it is the president of the United States who is dealing with this private matter, not some foreign American national," a spokeswoman for the Justice Department said in a statement. "It is not our jurisdiction or staff's to intervene in any private legal dispute between another party or to provide our assistance in making this dispute resolved." The government official said that it is not involved in those cases because of conflicting information about the companies and "a legitimate basis" in which they would try to resolve it, according to a department official. That includes involving cases involving the Dutch Frontex Shipping Company and South African Odihamas International Corporation. According to the Justice Department, the lawyers at the time of the dispute represented South Atlantic Exporters Limited, which provides international shipping between Europe and China. Odihamas International Corporation, which is an Egyptian subsidiary of the shipping company, is the owner of Estonian-owned the Voitlohdan Odionet. Iranian customers had made payments to Odihamas International Corporation as they looked to cover debt in connection with Tehran's disputed nuclear program. Odihamas International Corporation and its Iranian-owned subsidiary was also accused of directing funds to other Iranian companies, which included Iranian warplanes, banks, and loans to the Odihamas. No trial date was set in the dispute at the time, and Odihamas has been in legal limbo since the families' divorce last year. The dispute involves the owner of one of the companies who the Justice Department took as evidence in a separate trial related to a business dispute involving the world's largest oil company, as well as residential estate tax, yacht, real estate, and other stockholders. The divorce was revealed to have been connected to Odihamas International Corporation and a trust for its ownership of assets -- including properties mentioned in the best wishes statement. The secrecy of the documents ultimately drew the attention of Iran's central bank, the International Islamic Bank, which has owned one-third of the majority of Odihamas assets. The Iranian Central Bank says it sold off assets on Odihamas International Corporation for money laundering, and that Iran had stopped "taking assets" for the oil business in 1988. And it also withdrew all of its member company obligations in the case after Odihamas International Corporation's leadership learned of an investigation into its Sudanese subsidiary in the case, according to the official. Additional litigation is expected in the ruling because the U.S. government is becoming increasingly nervous about it, the official said. According to the official, Odihamas International Corporation has 9,000 customers across the globe and declined to say how many Odihamas still employs workers as part of the oil deal, citing its ambiguous legal position with Iran. The president of Iran's Oil Ministry, Bakhtiar Moghadam, also declined to comment on Friday on the settlement. But he said Iran had become "increasingly concerned" about the government's decision. "The United States stands firm in our position that the United States has to put its own interests and values on the table, and neutrality is no longer a defense to our vital national security interest," he said. A court filing in Thursday's dispute was the first suit regarding the $135 million settlement, filed in a U.S. Supreme Court criminal inquiry, and an American jury in 2007 found that Odihamas International Corporation violated the federal Bank Secrecy Act by selling power and cash transactions. That settlement set the scene for possible fraud and insider trading in Iranian financial dealings, and a series of news reports that revealed more questionable Iranian dealings.
(CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif stepped to the sidelines for a private conversation at a security conference in Germany on Sunday, according to a senior State Department official.|||Kerry said the meeting helped inform his discussions with Zarif on several levels, including Iranian perspectives and security threats, and how to resolve them. "I think he's a powerful partner, I like the collaboration we have from both sides and that brings some new perspectives to the various challenges we face around Iran, and one of the challenges Iran is going through is a difficult foreign policy," Kerry said. "You could see in the security conversation that we have shared some perspectives that brought some new options forward today." Kerry used his brief remarks at the security conference to keep Iran on track with its nuclear program. Speaking at the G-20 in Germany on Sunday, Kerry said in comments televised by CNN that the "answer is clear and unequivocal." Kerry would not reveal details about what he discussed or what he asked Zarif about, but he said it was "very clear that we were moving in a new direction -- not right way, but ... we have been moving forward with that over the past several years."
(CNN) -- Americans appear to actually thrive on adversity, according to a study published this week that reached the conclusion after researching the nation's biggest economic downturn.|||Equilibrium in response to adversity can be shown in the images presented below, an exhibit hosted by the University of Southampton in the United Kingdom. A little more than eight years ago, today we were concerned about people's ability to cope with a crisis. We thought that if we could inspire real behavior to change when it comes to meeting our potential, then perhaps people could thrive at extraordinary adversity. Since then, we've seen significant effects from the Great Recession and economic crisis, which resulted in nearly eight million Americans losing their jobs. We're now only 6 months into this economic recovery. But things have gotten worse. Many people are losing everything for no apparent reason. The next problem is unemployment, with unemployment rising since the recession began. That year, there were nearly 27 million people in the United States without a job. See also: Improvements do not necessarily translate into better job security. And the number of Americans without coverage may be growing. Even as the crisis changes, the nearly doubled prescription drug costs may be somewhat helping people afford their medications. They are also in need of social insurance. One reason? They can't afford to take family vacations because of the cost of social insurance.
(CNN) -- An Obama administration initiative that aims to create jobs and economic growth has been derailed in some states while it speeds along in others.|||The 105th House Appropriations Committee has voted to pass a tax the president signed into law, including a bill doubling the $150,000 mortgage loan margin, which was a popular tool to help prevent the recession. The measure, like a few other controversial efforts, is a combination of $150,000 for an advanced home loan and a $150,000 mortgage for anyone with a vehicle who places them under the tax. California Gov. Mark Dayton said Tuesday that he opposed the measure and a Republican-controlled House earlier this month defeated it. In addition, Arizona's proposed GOP tax law in January had its final word a few days ago, when the Democratic-controlled Senate passed it 52-39. The Senate is expected to vote on the proposal Thursday, before the House, and then Obama intends to sign it Friday. In light of the slow pace in action, Obama could be at risk of reversing his signature policy to tax drivers of vehicles over the age of 21. Obama has said he's considering the move after a loss of business, that he was told by a business owner that selling marijuana or any other sort of marijuana may cause a driver to suffer a heart attack. The idea of passing a new tax increase, however, is to phase it in over six years. The price tag on the tax bill of $500 is about 10%. Since 2007, the act has raised over $4.3 billion and cost the government $18.4 billion, primarily at the state level. The bill would have applied to only businesses that filed for a new license. The news of the House passage comes as the administration aids Governor Jim Justice's push to repeal an across-the-board tax cut that had been scheduled to begin in July. The Affordable Care Act, which the administration unveiled in March, is the nation's largest private economic stimulus.
(CNN) -- Google rolled out a new Nexus 7 tablet on Wednesday. But a much smaller, much cheaper new gadget may be the one that makes a seismic impact in the consumer technology world.|||Many device-makers were hoping that big-brand, splashy mobile phones -- such as Apple's iPhone, Google's Android or Samsung's Galaxy S III -- would land on the scene. But, like so much else, the American companies have found way easier sales in Asia and Western countries, where entry-level smartphones are considered to be less desirable than the high-end phones sold in Europe, particularly in Japan. "It's essential to be aware of how fast the change is coming," Stacy Wiener, a senior vice president at comScore, told CNN on Wednesday. "It's very clear that the iPad's competitive position in the high-end mobile industry is starting to see cracks."  Watch What they're Saying. Over the course of 2011, news that the iPad was just 3.6 inches is likely to increase the price tag in more developed markets, although analyst Richard C. Oppenheimer of Pacific Crest Securities noted the tablet was merely 8.9 inches on a full-sized one. "There is a gap with the high-end Android manufacturers, so it will definitely be in the lower margin tier to watch," says Oppenheimer. But the iPad is likely to have other advantages, he says. The tablet can be more stylish without having to move a lot of data and is integrated with a keyboard. The iPad's power factor also has to be much greater than a smartphone, Oppenheimer notes, especially considering the fact that high-end Android smartphones in Japan currently sell in the $1,200 range. "One of the things that were big for us -- we didn't want smartphones, or be more expensive than mid-range smartphones," Oppenheimer says. But he adds that the iPad "has been significantly more low-end."  Watch How Android Can Help You Cheaper. Since developing the new tablet, Google has not only moved around the world and launched new tablets. It has also launched a whole line of Android Android smartphones called "Works" that aims to make it more affordable for everyone. The range of smartphones also includes Kindle Fire tablets, so smartphones starting at $99.95 a pop are appealing for the masses. Nokia released a range of Android Android phones earlier this year for the mass affluent and there have been sales of three Android smartphones in 2012 in more than 100 countries.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The U.S. trade embargo on Cuba is endangering the health of millions by limiting Cubans' access to medicines and medical technology, human rights group Amnesty International alleged Wednesday.|||When Cuban President Raul Castro officially lifted his unilateral trade embargo with the U.S. on November 17, his new government created the Food Democracy Initiative to help provide medicines and medical technology to Cubans who had been cut off from the U.S. until the embargo ended, said Tim Espinoza, the agency's director-general. Despite the announcement, he said the embargo remains in place. "The embargo on Cuba does no justice to the lack of access to basic food supplies, essential medicines and medicine technology," Espinoza said. .The embargo, launched on October 17, 1970, has left millions of Cubans in the United States unable to buy basic food and medicine, at a cost of $32 billion a year and throwing U.S. health care costs into a crisis. The travel ban measures between the two countries make it difficult for Cubans to travel back to the United States on certain visas, like medical ones. Nearly 35,000 Cuban students, who were banned in May from travel to the United States, remain without a travel visa. According to a statement on Amnesty International's website, poor medical care is both unpredictable and commonplace in Cuba and exacerbates shortages and corruption of state institutions. In a recent study, the group claimed that hundreds of thousands of Cubans are "severely undernourished" because of lack of access to essential items. Many of them have to travel a long distance to get medicine. The study found Cubans are served harsh punishments by the Cuban authorities, said Espinoza. President Barack Obama earlier this year lifted the five-year decade-old trade embargo. He continued a process which the Obama administration has been urging for. . Cuba in February ordered the United States to stop reimposing lengthy prison sentences on political prisoners within seven years after lifting the embargo.
New York (CNN) -- A team of experts will conduct a 60-day safety assessment of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad in the wake of the derailment that killed four people and injured dozens of others, the Federal Railroad Administration said Thursday.|||"Regulatory engineers are examining a number of current and proposed safety measures that could result in a safer railroad, and considering any further improvements, and undertaking an evaluation of all current design capabilities," an agency statement said. Metro-North, which has five operating lines, is a branch of New York's sub-system, a high-speed branch of the Long Island Rail Road. The agency is investigating the derailment that resulted in 13 people dead and 145 injured and the design and training of the company, which has responsibility for managing eight operating lines, this year, after an earlier rail derailment on March 13. The new safety team will establish and monitor the safety policies and procedures for the operators of Metro-North, "as well as industry standards, practices and operational procedures for the planning, testing and design of all Metro-North trains, communications and all agency systems and related resources," the agency said. The investigation will begin Thursday and is expected to last one week, the news release said. The agency, which oversees six U.S. commuter rail systems, said in February that it was to conduct a review of "all design, performance and development standards" for four tracks, the Nimpolitic, Baran and the Overland Express. Nationally and internationally, trains derail every five to eight minutes, Amtrak said.
(CNN) -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez, his first space flight, scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery, marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies.|||Now, he expects to be in space for three months, and is looking forward to his climb out of his hatch while aboard the space shuttle Discovery. "He's nervous," NASA official Dana Keeling said. "He's still coming to terms with the idea of what this means -- that there will be a crew again." Hernandez initially was scheduled to be an astronaut in a shuttle mission with the 2009 flight of Discovery when he was injured while performing a deflection maneuver on the mission to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. When he was in the Navy, NASA announced he would be changing his designation to the astronaut of the year and would continue his journey into space into 2013. NASA and the manufacturer of the space shuttle says both the mission and landing will be free of incident. That includes having a safe landing and a successful decompression of the shuttle. "The care our team takes to ensure safe and comfortable rides aboard the ISS, as well as the safety of the astronauts and the crew, and that everyone realizes that a failure is not acceptable," Keeling said in a statement. "We welcome the changes in Jose." After an accident at Oakhurst Air Force Base in March 2010, his family moved to Riverside, California. In a Facebook message, Hernandez said, "it was too late to swim home, but I wasn't going to let it define me: My safety was more important than mine." During his jump from the dunes to the launch pad, Hernandez took the leap from childhood of 7,000 miles (13,200 kilometers) away from an orphaned mother. Because his mother couldn't care for him, Hernandez chose to be an astronaut. On October 9, he launched aboard Discovery as an extra corpsman. He retired from NASA and a United States Air Force astronaut in 2009. And unlike Hernandez, he will remain on the International Space Station, KSC says. KSC said one of the astronauts on the space station, Megan Walker-Ostrander, is pregnant with her third child.
(CNN) -- A senior manager at Morgan Stanley pleaded not guilty Friday to assault and hate-crime charges in connection with the stabbing of a New York City taxi driver over the cost of a fare.|||Stau has pleaded not guilty to several charges, including assault, manslaughter and attempted murder, in the December 5 attack in the New York City borough of Queens. Stabbot Charming has been charged with stabbin Taxi Lines for refusing to give the suspect prescriptions of a restricted medication, according to New York Police Department spokesman Michael Yee. The charges relate to the December 25 beating of David Podell, 21. Police have said that podell fought back at the time, carrying the knife while stoking it at the top of the driver's leg. He collapsed while in an ambulance and died shortly after. Podell had been taken to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead, Yee said. The stabbing occurred on or around December 4 in Manhattan, but prosecutors have not released details about its origin. Podell was stabbed in the upper arm. He went to a local hospital after the attack where he was treated and released, police said. Podell had gotten a prescription but they sent him back to the park to try and calm him. Podell declined to take the medication after his release. "It felt really good," Podell said. "It was a relief." Dr. Leopold Deppenhagen said of Podell: "I think this guy needs a lot of help." Podell said it would be a surprise if he was arrested. "We've never dealt with a stabbin," Podell said. "We live in a city where I grew up, and it's odd. That's the main story. You have people who are just kind of mentally unstable. And it seems like they can come at you." CNN's Nicola Ross contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In April 2007, UEFA's executive committee voted to accept a joint proposal from Poland and Ukraine to host the European football Championships in 2012.|||A host city would be due to host the European football championships and European football festival in 2012, the governing body UEFA announced on Saturday. The 20-team competition, which will take place in six countries across Europe, would host the 2010 European Club Championship, as well as the European League Cup, the third home of the Europa League and Champions League. The chance of hosting the finals would be if each country in the tournament failed to reach the required seven-nation qualification criteria by the end of next year, which is Europe's third-most advanced qualification tournament. Unlike other host cities, Ukraine's bid failed to reach the FIFA, UEFA, and ECA entry requirements because of several hurdles -- one was that the country had not yet submitted its rights for hosting the competition. Its opponents, Poland, played against the Ukraine in the UEFA Europa League final in September 2009. Europe's Champion gets international status following World Cup.... UEFA awarded Ukraine first right to host the European Championships by 2008. Three Czech teams -- champions Euro 2008, Euro 2008 runners-up, and the 2010 European champions, France -- are bidding to host the tournament in 2014. The European soccer federation was also granted first rights to host a major event in Europe by UEFA in 2009. France now holds the 18th (and currently 29th) place. Besides the European Championship, the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, the 2007 edition of the UEFA Champions League, and the 2011 edition of the UEFA Europa League, are also being considered for hosting the tournament.
(CNN) -- A bus crashed into the side of a mountain Tuesday in western Bolivia, killing at least 13 people and injuring another 26, the government news agency reported.|||The injuries in the crash were not immediately known. The provincial Catalan Police said the official was injured and was taken to the police station in the town of Pasadena de La Punta. Just before midnight, the bus crashed into a road structure in the mountains of La Paz, where a bridge collapsed into the road where the driver attempted to turn his engine off. The bus then hit a guardrail, with the bus flipped onto its side and rolled south through a park on the road, the press agency reported. The driver was able to escape, but the bus driver was later found dead inside by a passing motorcycle. Cops found the vehicle engulfed in flames. Initial reports suggested that smoke and smoke detectors were used at the scene. Many of the injured were suffering head injuries.
(Financial TImes) -- The Bank of Japan has lifted its assessment of Japan's economy, and underlined progress towards its price target by saying that inflation expectations "appear to be rising."|||Over the past year, the Tokyo futures market has seen two weakened recessions, and a weak growth outlook. However, in recent months, the government has changed its rates for several areas, making the case for financial easing more likely. About 1,000 respondents to a Reuters poll on Friday reported that in the June and July months, expected inflation had softened, partly due to weaker growth. The outlook for the world's third-largest economy is bright, but signs that an economic slump in its Asia and the east Pacific is set to extend until at least 2014 suggest policymakers may need to shift focus to the fiscal policy of tackling the debt crisis. Not surprisingly, policymakers cited the recent data to justify their push for more monetary easing. As a result, the central bank's governor, Haruhiko Kuroda, acknowledged over the weekend that Japan's policy prospects were improved. He noted that the policy stimulus flows under a "new two-track fiscal and fiscal policy framework," but insisted that policymakers would stick to the strategy no matter the price target or fiscal risks. The central bank's current policy target remains unchanged at 1% inflation. The bulk of the current economic recovery occurred last year, giving rise to recent optimism that it could still be extended. But Kuroda said on Friday there are now risks to that optimism. "In the absence of a working alternative, conventional policy options to generate stimulus are very limited," he said, referring to demand for money in the yen. "As a result of this uncertainty, I, therefore, had to draw a line under my commitment to fiscal policy, which is a mixture of the spending and tax reform initiatives of the past two years." Consequently, the BOJ is seen as a source of extra fiscal stimulus for the Japanese economy this year. However, market expectations currently indicate that such fiscal stimulus would be little more than a breath of fresh air for the world's second-largest economy. Japan's weak economy weighs on global currency rates. The Japanese stock market (reduced by unexpected buying interest) fell after Kuroda's remarks and the yen rose on the announcement. Earlier on Friday, the BOJ released its first comprehensive economic assessment for 2013. It surprised investors by holding rates steady despite a forecast in July of a 1.5 percent fall in inflation. The report noted that the economic outlook was moderate. It "reviewed the economic conditions in North Korea and the Korean Peninsula as being stable but reaffirmed the strong support for fiscal expansion." It sounded a more optimistic note on the economic prospects of Japan, as Japan's government and the Cabinet members left talks behind them to focus on the economy.
(CNN) -- A shuttle bus crashed Friday morning at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, injuring 15 people, police said, and temporarily snarling vehicle traffic at one of the world's busiest centers for air travel.|||A bus carrying more than 100 passengers crashed Friday morning near the outer concourse at O'Hare International Airport, causing the doors of the departing concourse to open. "There was a motorist who was trying to park his bus when it hit a curb, then rolled," the bus operator told reporters, according to WLS. The bus was heading down the airport's Northwest Expressway when the crash occurred, the police department said. Authorities said they were investigating and believe the driver lost control of the vehicle. There was an initial fire, police said, though it was no word on injuries or property damage. Earlier Friday, police had closed three routes from the airport's base in O'Hare International Airport after a U.S. Customs and Border Protection car chugged by on its way from China without driver identification, striking a security patrol car and coming to a stop, Chicago Police Department Sgt. Jayka McClellan said. The accident occurred after about an hour of sporadic snowfall had reduced visibility to 1.5 miles and reduced visibility at the terminal. Investigators were in the terminal at the time but found no signs of damage to the elevator. "It was a horrible scene," McClellan told reporters in the terminal lounge. "There were no people being hit or anything else," he said. The terminal was reopened to passengers about an hour later. Some delays weren't as severe, McClellan said. "We normally start off with a few buses, half-empty, and one get really busy," he said. "We were going to leave as soon as we had the bags in the back of the car to stand in front." CNN's Emily Sharp and Ashley Li contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Fernando Alonso stretched his lead in the world championship standings with a peerless drive from pole position to win the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Sunday.|||AlAlonso announced he was celebrating his first championship win since 2012, a result that sees him move back to the summit of the driver's standings ahead of McLaren teammate and fellow Spaniard Sebastian Vettel. It was Alonso's eighth top-five finish of the season from ninth on the grid. Since then he has secured successive victories on the grid, starting from pole position at every start. Alonso, who entered the Italian GP knowing he might struggle with qualifying, promptly blew away his fellow Ferrari teammate Sergio Perez. "In qualifying, we didn't feel like the quickest car we've had in a long time and then to be fastest three places from pole position is amazing," Alonso said. "We knew that we were going to be competitive and I'm pleased we got that result. "Once again it was only one thing in the corner, but in that one second all we were able to do was put in another move that really made us well in front." The win over Vettel earned Alonso a race stewards' approval for the victory. Alonso was making his team-leading 50th start of the season and his 20th at this track, the maximum he's ever achieved at a race venue. Alonso sealed his third-straight title with a dominant display that saw him skip the field after it was determined late on the final lap that he would not go anywhere near the front of the field to give McLaren an advantage. McLaren holds both titles, while the Finn Grosjean finished second and second. The Mercedes team set a record for the most points on the final lap to move to second, only trailing Red Bull. It was McLaren's first win in Germany since 2010, and the seventh overall since it reigned supreme in the constructors' world championship three years ago. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won his 50th race, while the Red Bull-Mercedes duo of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg made up the leading five in second place. The result means the teams remain within striking distance of each other in the drivers' championship. Vettel is currently four points clear of Vettel in seventh position in the drivers' standings. Alonso added his 49th point of the season to his overall tally, equaling the total from his first two seasons. "The last four years, I have been saying on top of the world, we're coming to a wall and we need to do some real work. The championship is already starting to take shape and I don't know how far back we are," Alonso said. "I'm very happy with my results this year." Vettel was on course for his sixth title but Alonso ended up a point ahead of him in the drivers' standings. While Vettel left Alonso close for second place, Jenson Button finished fourth.
(CNN) -- Several hundred demonstrators clashed with officers in riot gear in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Sunday in a protest that raged for more than 12 hours, ending around midnight, CNN affiliate KOAT reported. The protesters were enraged by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of James M. Boyd. KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless.|||Rots, most of whom were students at the University of New Mexico, joined about 100 protesters who are part of a national civil disobedience campaign, CNN affiliate KMBC-TV in Albuquerque reported. "These students came down right at 3 a.m. to protest a city shooting, but the crowd dispersed quickly," said KPFA-TV reporter Rebecca Morris. About 20 minutes later, the "protesters" went back to their protest sites, Morris said. "We ended the strike at about 9 a.m. and moved the demonstration to where officers were at," Morris said, referring to the site where the estimated 1,000 officers were assembled to meet what the protesters called the "cover-up." "We're out and we're proud of what we did," he said. "Our people were moved because of the momentum of the march." Families and friends of James M. Boyd, 24, were waiting outside the Albuquerque City Hall to file a protest at its doors, city and state officials said. Police spokesman Sgt. David Matthews said officers went into the building to meet the demonstrators, but things only went quiet. As the demonstrators set up tents, freezing over in the cold, snow-covered air, nothing on the streets turned from a gray-green to a darker gray, he said. Protesters also took aim at Albuquerque police. The Albuquerque Police Department wrote on its website: "Please take care if you are not walking to work as assigned and (your home is) subject to law enforcement." Police said there were three incidents over the past three days: on March 16, when Boyd was shot and killed by Albuquerque police, when a man in a dark-colored SUV drove toward Boyd's hotel room with a knife, and on March 27, when Boyd's body was found by two sheriff's deputies after it was "detained on criminal suspicion, forcible confinement and assault," KPRC-TV reported. Boyd had been wanted on charges that include leaving a residence without authorization, illegally entering government property and leading police on a crime spree. The New Mexico State University Student Officers Association held a "badge of honor" rally in front of the Albuquerque City Hall on March 28, Westword reported. Police are the union that represents representatives of about a dozen police agencies in the state and other cities. The protesters had planned a sit-in in downtown Albuquerque on April 20, but have said the protest took a different turn because of the shooting. On Saturday, police told local news outlets it had been canceled after Boyd's relatives complained. They said the police made several arrests over the weekend on charges related to Boyd's death. Police Chief Art Chase told reporters that a local TV station had posted video that alleged the slaying and showed images taken from a police camera. Several of the demonstrators were placed into police cars Sunday morning as officers responded to the incident. When the clashes broke out, officers were met with explosions and several sets of shell casings. Each time the scene looked similar to a crime scene, police switched to police cars, CSU Albuquerque said on its website. KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless.
(CNN) -- North Korea warned Friday it would launch a military strike against the South if Seoul goes ahead with live-fire drills near Yeonpyeong Island over the next five days, North Korea's state-run KCNA reported.|||North Korea called on the United States on Thursday to stop the planned South Korean naval drill, which involves ship-to-ship naval exercises, threatening a "merciless strategic strike on the South," KCNA said in a short report on the Korean state-run news agency. Four days of drills could last up to four weeks, KCNA said. The ground war games will begin Saturday. North Korea is also in the process of developing new weapons, according to its nuclear-related website.
(CNN) -- China's National People's Congress (NPC) meets every year and brings about 3,000 national delegates together in Beijing's Great Hall of the People to discuss government reports, pass legislation and formalize appointments of government officials.|||The United States will have its next leader at stake as Beijing continues its annual parliamentary session, which begins Sunday. "If the United States is ever to have a permanent position on China's territory it will be important for the leadership to be much stronger in China," the State Council's Energy and National Security Advisory Committee said in a statement on Thursday. "We are sending an important message to Mr. President to prepare for the Communist regime's efforts to stop the Government's unilateral changes in governance." As president, Hillary Clinton met with Chinese President Xi Jinping at the White House for the first time Wednesday afternoon, as that was her last public public appearance as first lady. She took a seat at the East Room in the palace complex's Great Hall, between the East Wing and the President's Office, where the first lady lives with her husband. They greeted each other by name and introduced themselves to one another in front of half a dozen or so state-owned cameras. Clinton addressed China in a letter at the meeting, saying, "What we are fighting for is basic, democratic principles, including the principle of the rule of law." A few hours later, she was greeted by a Chinese red banner bearing the words "China (unfriendly) government." She later sent a personal letter of thanks to the people in response to their wishes. Clinton said her predecessor, President Bill Clinton, had sent letters of condolence. He signed it on the 24th of July and read the first line of his own address on July 25: "Dear Rob, America shall never be totally forgotten." But it also carried a note that said, "China will never forget. For all you have done, the United States will always be here to protect you and help you prosper and advance our common future together." The meeting is one of the most important of many that take place during a period in a person's life's work to cement that value. Clinton has praised China for efforts to establish a free press and reforms. But after the 2005 election, the U.S. State Department suspended an annual collection of lobbying material from China. "We welcome the media report on the National People's Congress," the Defense Department said Thursday in a news release. "President Clinton has played a significant role in promoting close ties with the Chinese people and committing to reaching out to the high level of individuals in China to help manage the rising environmental and social situation in the country. Many important global issues lie within the framework of this congress," the statement said. Clinton's efforts to promote those policies have been criticized by many in the international community, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. CNN's Bob Costas contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Piracy is expected to pick up in the high seas off Somalia after a lull caused by monsoon season, maritime officials warned Monday.|||After months of disruptions by pirates, most of the renewed wave of pirate activity is in the southwest region of the country -- south of Somalia, authorities say. Video from inside three pirates' boats shows a crew involved in an attack in Somalia on a fishing vessel, according to the Somali Coast Guard. U.S. naval observers say such activity could increase this summer. The drone threats often come in the form of "simulated explosions," Somali officials say. The drone attacks came following two bombing attacks by two Somali warplanes in January.
(CNN) -- Google's technology certainly can map out driving directions and organize e-mail (or even make cars drive themselves). But can its digital tools take down drug cartels?|||However, according to Google, the service is still being compared to "digital identities in a global market," of which cartels -- often large criminal empires in man-made empires -- are the leaders. And the biggest organization involved in the deadly drug war is the Mexican government. Coincidentally, surveillance video that shows police processing drug users was leaked to police by one of the officers who fought with the cartel, according to a police spokesman. The police picture showed what Google captioned as a man arrested and accused of illegally taking jewelry. The surveillance took place in Hummelton, Florida, across from the Mexican border and in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The footage showed a man and woman tied to the drug cartel being taken into custody. The two would later appear in court under duress, as a federal judge ordered the men's release. The results suggest the duo intended to produce evidence about a drug deal in New Orleans in 2001, the New Orleans Times-Picayune reported. But then the DEA went and raided the New Orleans area's underworld, New Orleans Police Lt. Jason Gavin said, finding an arsenal of weapons and ammunition belonging to narcotics officers. "The officers were completely gutted," he said. New Orleans finally passed an ordinance against drug dealers in 2005 but still the police Department has taken a strong interest in a rematch in 2007, according to the publication. The NYPD spokesperson says he couldn't comment on future cooperation between the parties. Vesting in citizen reporters' rights While the DEA would have to release the videos for each individual in question to use Google's service, the news website vowed to send out similar public service announcements. One resolution made in 2013 was creating a website that would represent the interests and influence of these cities, the New York Times reported. "People like you use Google every day. Why would you disconnect the Internet?"
(CNN) -- A centuries-old copy of a 500-year-old map that christened the New World as "America" has been discovered at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich -- folded and wedged inside of an old book, according to a release on the university's website.|||Piegelmann Map From Written centuries ago, Peter the Apostle drew maps that can be traced back to the time when explorers like James Columbus, William Henry Meriwether Lewis and Alexander Hamilton first settled in New England. In 1994, a replica of the map -- believed to be worth tens of thousands of dollars -- was found inside a former publisher's office in Germany. "The spine of the text -- probably made of gold or some hard-to-identify coins -- is intact," said the university. "Everything is in ruins in the main office, and the manuscript inside is now being studied." Gerst Gerbert Albers, chairman of the school's Bauhaus, said the discovery is a priceless treasure. The discovery is just the latest archaeological find in Germany. In 1865, researchers found a complete manuscript bearing the name of Alexander the Great, one of the United States' pioneers.
(CNN) -- You might remember the ad campaign "Bo knows baseball. Bo knows football." But these days sports legend Bo Jackson knows charity.|||Bo Jackson faces cancer. The announcement was part of a range of cancer and health issues, which have affected him. To better understand the symptoms of melanoma, his spokesman Adrian Bensmen told CNN, health experts ask the general public that is planning on seeing a doctor. The Associated Press News Foundation says the money being raised will go to for the children and grandchildren of cancer patients who need stem cell transplantation or treatment through private or community-based organizations. Kenneth Ervings, the founder of the organization, talked to CNN. "We know this is a cancer in the lymphatic system, but we really feel like it's a battle around everyone. I just know the little lymph on my knee is a big deal," Ervings said. "If you don't have a fresh feeling, it can be very painful for a long time. Just to know it's not going to have to be a swollen knee anymore." Enrollment in the cancer treatment program got under way in September -- along with thousands of donations from the American Red Cross. Bone marrow transplantation and stem cell therapy allow people to grow their own marrow at home and provide young cancer patients with transplants from their own bone marrow. The program encourages people to become donors of bone marrow if they need new donors. American Red Cross is trying to bring Ken Ervings to the United States for one year.
(CNN) -- Opening arguments are scheduled for Monday in Philadelphia in the first case in which an official of a Roman Catholic archdiocese has been accused of protecting abusive priests by moving them from parish to parish.|||Groundification proceedings are expected to start on Monday, but the victim won't have an opportunity to enter any evidence before that, because of a video shot by a citizen and her husband. Barry Schwartz, now a pastor at a small Roman Catholic church in Worcester, Massachusetts, filed his complaint in May. He is accused of moving seven of the priests to different parishes and keeping them in the order after two high-ranking U.S. officials transferred them. The Vatican has dismissed claims it tried to cover up Schneider's abuse and investigators have said several other local and state officials, including the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, may also have covered up what the Vatican has alleged was abuse. He appealed a judge's conviction of conspiracy to remove him from office and is fighting an appeal court ruling that he was only temporarily removed. Father Greg 'Monty' Pronzini, attorney for Diane Veronica Hoffi, says "the Vatican can't figure out a way" to delay responsibility. Speaking Thursday in Washington, the ex-archbishop said how others in the diocese, including previous bishops and his successors, abused their power to keep him in the clerical ranks. "They would have gotten away with it because they couldn't do anything against them. Bishop Raymond R. Rockefeller is Pope Benedict XVI." He compared a bishop's appointment to that of a President who is only president when no one else is in office because he abuses his power. Rottweilers stole or raped Roman Catholic nuns at their diocesan headquarters, or later moved them to other parishes. As part of her appeal, Hoffi is attempting to regain custody of some of the abused priests, accusing Bishop Cardinal Gregor David Caffrey and others of raping her daughter. If convicted, Cardinal David Caffrey will no longer work for the Roman Catholic Church. But if he should be at fault, the court will decide whether he violated any guidelines or regulations, she told the National Catholic Reporter. Though the Vatican has declared Mr. Steven Chiasson responsible for the abuse of children, Cardinal Caffrey has since become the first Vatican official to fall for a cover-up, "the Vatican is in deep denial," Diane Hoffi said. "We have no evidence they were in the inner circle of the Vatican." That doubts became public after criticism that her husband's status was another source of suspicion, Hoffi said. In the week of the trial, the Philadelphia district attorney's office filed an effort to file charges, as were parents of the two children, with which she said they were abused. "It's about vengeance," Hoffi told CNN. "They could have not been who they are without Bishop Bernard Snyder." CNN's Diane Veronica Hoffi contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- China's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Wednesday in a move widely seen as a protest for the ongoing dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea.|||CNN: Last year a delegation of 120 senior global leaders met privately with Shinzo Abe at his official residence in Tokyo and in March pledged that "we will work closely together to advance China's economy." But to Japan's growing frustration, the delegation left without signing an agreement that it would "promote a settlement of this dispute." The dispute over uninhabited islands has strained economic ties between East Asia's two biggest economies, and has come to concern U.S. President Barack Obama and European leaders. It has emerged the extent of the dispute could be more serious. Beijing wants access to sovereignty over the East China Sea, which it describes as a vital part of its maritime sovereignty, while Tokyo wants to maintain control over parts of it. The Asian trading bloc is examining the exclusion of disputed islands from other Asian countries as part of preparations for a U.N. Security Council review of Japan's western Pacific Treaty Organization (PTO) expansion on the West Philippine Sea. On Tuesday, the 28-member plenary session of the 9th Joint Commission on the G-7 meeting was scheduled to open with a "special discussion" on the issue. "We ... will consider the issue closely." The meeting will open Thursday, with the agenda expected to touch on the g-7 summit at the end of the month. The venue for the meeting is not yet scheduled but the meeting will last for up to a week. Last month the two economies sides met for their latest round of bilateral trade talks, with Chinese officials noting that they want to keep bilateral investment flows stable, and China wants its bilateral trade remaining under a diplomatic framework based on "non-discriminatory, fair exchange between Japan and China." Japan declined to comment on the latest dispute with China. An official statement published by the Ministry of Commerce Wednesday said China agreed with "all of the International character principles for settling the issues ... and maintaining the healthy coexistence of the international community." But the U.S. State Department said Monday that the United States will send a business mission to the U.N. and "will proceed as planned with respect to the sustainable growth of the International Monetary Fund's next meeting scheduled for September 5, 2011," but had no additional comment on the matter. China's government has vowed to push for peaceful resolution of the dispute over the islands, which are among the largest in the East China Sea, by beginning negotiations with Japan on the issue in the coming months. "The Pacific Alliance will emphasize the need to accept the implementation of the provisions of the 2009 U.N. Security Council Resolution 1601 in dealing with the dispute and strive to make peace, learn from Japan's side of the dispute, and bridge to a solution acceptable to all sides," a spokesman for the trade bloc said. It is unlikely that the latest deal, made before a July 7 ruling by a U.N. tribunal in The Hague, would lead to a permanent end to the dispute, however. China maintains territorial claims on some of its resources. Once it achieves full independence, China and Japan will seek to decide all issues affecting their island holdings on an equal playing field. It has called for a peaceful resolution of the dispute through negotiations between China and Japan. China uses the islands as the basis for countermeasures, including the withdrawal of commercial and military vessels from the waters to use them as sea lanes. These claims have been aimed at maintaining economic ties between the countries, which have been at odds for decades. The islands off the disputed stretch of the East China Sea are part of a 200-million-square-mile territorial sea, and China is unlikely to retreat from them, given their size. China says that the disputed islands are a security zone and has the right to return to them whenever it chooses, although the party has previously rejected the idea that it "shall return back to the strategic position and decision." They claim about 70% of the territory at sea, in essence arguing that the Chinese territories are owned by the U.S. and "by no one else." Uncertainty over the long-term location of the disputed islands further threatens to fray bilateral relations. Last month, Ambassador Phung Hung-wu and former U.S. Commerce Secretary Margaret Chan said that China needed to clarify its stance, including about the timing of its maritime access. "We have no choice. We have come to accept the conclusion of the United States-led (UN) Security Council in September as the 20th of this year, but by no means the end of the year," Hong Kong-based Chang Ung said at the time, according to Xinhua. "Then we've already indicated that the situation on the islands is very likely to be rectified through negotiations in the coming months," added Chang, referring to her husband, Hu Chunhua.
America's food police are patrolling and arresting suspicious French dairy products, which are either delicious cheese or a bacteria-laden menace.  You decide.|||The food authorities say the cheese looked good, so they brought you cheese.  You decide. With your e-mail. Nowhere to be found in the packet is this delicious cheese. Instead, it's the kind of cheese that was spiked with Salmonella and Pollen before you tried it. That means the products are bad news. The scare comes after salmonella was discovered in packages of Swiss cheese, but it was also found in grilled cheese and cheese meat balls. Dairy products are widely mistaken for cheese made by animals. Dairy products that come in smooth creams or chunks are really just whipped cream made from goat's milk. These cows' milk is possible a bit rich. And somehow, dairy products -- even though they might look good -- are full of the nasty bacteria. Check out these milk-and-pepper combos. See the cheese created to avoid salmonella. Bacteria may also be in your meat, vegetables or seafood. Because it's called a cheese. Dairy products are only briefly associated with salmonella, according to the Gannet science website. There is no safe ground for eating cheese. Animal milk is a clear sign that animal health is compromised. It's simply a matter of judging what's safe and what's not. Or, before you order cheese, take a taste. If you know that a loaf of sourdough bread, rye bread, or crumbs are filled with a high dose of salmonella, you should switch to beef alimenti. For meat, healthy products (or anything else that is cold and non-sticky like cheese) should be sliced into large pieces, with their legs far more consistent in the round-to-square portions. Say cheese made with cheese and grated, and then layer the slices on individual breads and basted with cheese sauce. One low-fat cheese machine can serve up three cheese drinks at one time. A cheese board or similar thing would be a great alternative. Look on the internet for a way to bake cheese biscuits or to serve all kinds of breads. Before you decide: Consider eating crackers or pizza. Dairy products, such as the cheese mix above, are made with corn husks and cheese sauce, and, while unlikely, salt and other flavors can be added to make it highly delicate, and yet still have a slightly acrid quality that some people find unpalatable. Cheese can have salmonella and capers. Also, dairy products contain "cross-contamination," which can damage food or sensitive human tissue. For a dairy product that is a suspected link to foodborne illness, a test is being run to measure whether the product is safe, according to the Gannet source. That will determine which is better, the Gannet investigation team said. CNN's Jessica Z. Posi contributed to this report.
What a sweet snapshot: Mom, dad, the baby boy ... and two charming canines.|||What awwwww. I love this story: Her name is Isabel, and her parents, a mother and a father, wanted to share some pictures of their new, camera-ready dog, recently adopted. They used "the videos" on a separate Facebook page -- a network where the videos are posted anonymously -- to warn the public that the dogs involved are a major problem in the city, according to police spokesman Lt. Frank Kelly. A bit later, they started a social media campaign to have NYPD use their own videos. As one photo on the page shows, Isabel and her dad Jason were eager to share their news with the world. There was one tearful moment where some Facebook commenters noted that they shared the video to scare their parents. Within seconds, the post carried a larger caption: "Kids need to know that dogs bark, dogs will bark." Clearly, the dogs are in a position to be a little more careful. Witness I.P. Knoll posted a picture of his dog after its owner was pulled from a hospital. Knoll said he wanted the dog to be reunited with his owner, Michael Knoll. I took the video and placed it on the Facebook page of the city's animal cruelty coordinator's office, where I've shared many photos of dog encounters in the past. Today, the department posted a video of them training dogs. There is one photo where they showed the grandpa and grandma walking a puppy -- with a dog in tow! Several dogs and other police officers were on the scene and on alert. Police dog Darren, then a police officer, later tracked down another dog that the family's three-year-old daughter had named Justin, and was killed by police. Another police officer reported finding Justin's pet in a body bag. It turns out that Justin was a part of the family's new addition to a crib, which was in the man's living room at the time.
(CNN)In the midst of the color debate, there's one thing the Internet does seem to agree upon.|||" Chess is fun, and the actual sides have shared many interesting thinking documents and discussions over the years, from how we draw the characters we ask them to who can play ' chess' better," wrote Artist Alexandre Martinez, who designed the "Fuzzy Chess" game and other artwork for Wiktionary. "Hamburg show room was a good place to develop this game after I learned that 'Wacky Star Wars' featured some players who could play well with identical colors." The "Fuzzy Chess" artwork was updated in 2009 to use it's new design and appearance. "Fuzzy Chess" is created by someone who played "Dark Legend," according to Wikipedia. "Light Flag" depicts a figure who runs away from police, with an armored personnel carrier chasing after him. "As in a movie, this creative person inspired by a classic design essay, "Fuzzy Chess" addresses a rich philosophy of design and psychology, dealing with the ethics of everyday human interaction and battling old and new foes of the chess world." Light Flag's design was inspired by genuine games created by passionate gamers who worked hard to develop and display their favorite characters, from Android football players, to black market web developers, to top-rated Gambit games. Although the game looks a bit outdated now, it has created an underground fashion phenomenon that has drawn in game retailers, punk rock music, design blogs and art studios. "Computers are increasingly visible in the digital domain," says David Warner, co-founder and chief executive officer of Scrabble tech company Candied.
(Mashable) -- Apple's production partners are already hard at work on the new model of iPad, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.|||Apple describes the iPad as "a device designed and built by engineers based on the design of an IP camera." However, Apple acknowledges that design is key to success. So Apple has tweaked the design so that instead of a combination of cameras and home computers, it's more of a tablet. According to the Journal: Apple's strategy for its third-generation tablet may look a little bit like the Jobs dinner with David Geffen that started the whole thing -- a full-fledged conversation about new uses for a mobile computing technology. And the end result of Apple's working on this will be bigger and more important than any one little bit of new hardware or software. Jobs will be more than just apps -- you'll have to buy an iPad too to accommodate all your needs and realities. These new features will include phone apps, a new keyboard, an updated version of the Home app, and a TV for watching movies, old-fashioned shows like Sky Box and Cougar baseball. Along with the improved iPad, Apple also plans to add golf, soccer, tennis, a personal computer, an Apple TV, its iPad XL, and an iPad Mini. These new features will all make it easier to take orders for the iPads, and change their normal model size from $399 to as little as $299. Jobs (from Wall Street Journal): Web-based versions of many apps are currently priced at $99 and up. Job numbers change frequently. Due to the pace at which the iPad has grown, it looks like more demand for these products is coming soon. Jobs: Jobs, jobs, jobs. Jobs at Apple have gone above and beyond to build products for the mass consumer market for more than 40 years. The last few generations of Apple has succeeded, yet the upcoming generation will continue to differentiate itself from its predecessor. Jobs: Jobs from the Jobs ads. Jobs at Apple. Jobs at Apple: Jobs on TVs, tablets and devices. Jobs Jobs, Jobs, Jobs Jobs, Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs and the Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs. Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Games Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Workersets Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs Jobs. "
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Tyler Perry has, for the first time, revealed graphic details about the sexual, physical and emotional abuse he says he suffered as a child.|||A "I wanted to die so bad" says "Mean Girls" star Perry. Now he's on a sex walk and publicly said he was abused as a child as a child. Perry, who turns 45 on Sunday, spoke about his past in a speech at an event in Atlanta, Georgia. Perry said his sexual abuse by his stepfather and family members "was brutal and despicable. It would be a pain the rest of my life to recall." He says he was abused as a child at the hands of his stepfather and his family for many years. "I had to learn to work the power of forgiveness and forgiveness," he said at the event in Atlanta. He said the abuse was repressed until he reached a point where he "came out of this hole where there was no hope." He also said he was brainwashed, his parents and his brother were set on a course to sell him to a gang. Perry said the abuse "left him psychologically broken, it left him emotionally distressed, which I think many of us feel is something that few, if any, can fully comprehend." He said he left his bedroom without his parents' approval when he turned 18, started listening to music instead of taking care of his family. He had to become a cook because he did not want anyone to have to do so. Perry said he left school "for 15 years -- sort of like the Swan Song," and struggled with depression and recovered that following a stint at a city mental hospital. Perry said he had a black sheep in his family because of some issues, and it was mischaracterized as "a conservative family." He said he felt as if he was a "thoughtless, guilty son," and began "digging into the dark details," releasing letters on the matter to his father, Johnny Perry, his parents and a few other people. "The ones I can count on are my wife, my kids, my grandkids and my team of parents," Perry wrote in one. "My concern has always been keeping my family safe, so they are very calm and out of all trouble." In a statement released Sunday, Perry said he was "overwhelmed" by the response to his shocking story. He told CNN the sex abuse was "severe, frightening, disturbing and inexcusable.
Saudi Arabia has arrested 88 men who were part of a terrorist network, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday.|||Saudi Arabia has arrested a number of emirs and officials from other countries in the Persian Gulf region for alleged links to al-Qaeda and the Islamic State terror group, the ministry said in a statement on its website. The men -- 60 Saudis and 38 Iraqis -- were arrested Monday, it said. The emirs and officials belong to Saudi and Emirati military intelligence units, Riyadh-based media ministry said. Al-Sorour says one of its operatives is Khalid al-Sawari. A copy of the arrests was posted on the ministry's website on Tuesday. Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Yemen also arrested scores of suspected terrorists in 2008, as part of an official crackdown on suspected terror organizations, the ministry said. More than 100 people have been prosecuted on terrorism-related charges in the past. In September 2008, the country accused five Iranian prisoners of spy espionage, accusing them of plotting conspiracy to overthrow the ruling Al-Nasr monarchy. The surveillance of the two countries was disrupted.
A medical doctor-turned Libertarian Senate candidate in Iowa died when a plane he was piloting crashed  around 11 p.m. Monday.|||"(We've been told) the plane crashed. He was the pilot," said Caleb Kohlhepp, spokesman for the Des Moines County District Attorney's Office. The plane is reported to have left the runway about 45 minutes after taking off. It landed about 70 feet after takeoff and kept going. It appears there was no engine failure. Crashes are common around the world. Caleb said he was not the first person to crash in Iowa. His late father, Kevin Kohlhepp, died in July and his mother, Kim Bohlhepp, died Monday of a heart attack.  Authorities say Caleb was the last man on the plane when it crashed.  CNN affiliate KCCI-TV: CNN was not immediately able to reach Caleb's son, who is a medical doctor in Iowa. Inside the plane crash, Kohlhepp said the plane took off at 5:42 p.m. After landing, he looked up, heard a loud boom and saw two cars behind him crash into the ground. Authorities said one of the cars, a minivan, was struck from behind. Another car hit several cars in the other direction. The cruisers were parked out front. "Then he walked on the runway and the plane then fell and hit three more vehicles," Caleb Kohlhepp said. "He says on the voice recorder, I saw three people crash. One person started to crash, and he says he saw another person crash a second later." Still unknown, Caleb Kohlhepp told CNN that the plane crashed "far to the belly." The people in the cockpit said Caleb was the pilot, and the pilot, who was a flight instructor, told him not to hang around. He never got off of the plane.  CNN affiliate KCCI-TV: CNN provided its radio listings for those people, citing a couple.  CNN affiliate KCIM-TV: Police say the pilot told Caleb he thought the plane went under and he knew he was going into trouble. He said his son was there with him and that wasn't his indication.  However, the pilot told him that there were "four or five cars over him and that he could hear a sound." He said he knew he was going into trouble and went around the front of the plane and "risking his life." Police said it is unknown how the plane came down or where it was headed, but said a preliminary investigation indicates it was due to a collision. If the wreckage is recovered, police will start looking at the crash report. When the plane lands, alcohol and drugs will not be an issue in Iowa, Kohlhepp said. Last week, he posted a video online of himself and Kohlhepp discussing his ride to Iowa. His next of kin confirmed their identity, CNN affiliate KCCI-TV: CNN iReport: Plane crashes near Denver.
(CNN) -- You don't find too many happy stories in the aftermath of a tornado, but Spc. Jacob Montgomery is telling one.|||The tiny town of Montfort, Georgia, was struck Thursday afternoon by a powerful F4 tornado. Montgomery said his home in the small town suffered "major damage." Troopers were able to find survivors and were directing vehicles and rolling sandbags to those in need, Montgomery said. A representative for the sheriff's office said troopers have to explain their duties, but they're doing a good job. Montgomery says he helped deliver sandbags with a trailer and lifted the sandbags from the truck onto the way out. He said he's thankful Montgomery got to do what he's doing during this tough storm. Then, a storm hit. Moore County Councilmember Sam Harper, who lives near Montfort, said it's difficult to hear about the amount of damage, many of which came from storm surge, especially during high winds. He said that in their community, trees are being blown and drenched by the blowing wind. "Because of the trees, people were already stuck in the mud," Harper said. On Monday, authorities said a major portion of a massive water pond had flooded. In the neighborhood of North Middletown, residents have been digging, collecting sandbags and directing water to utility wells that were still pumping. The wells were closed because of a deluge Friday, and residents have not been able to clean them, Harper said. Montgomery said there are some survivors in town who help take advantage of what the storm left behind. He said his mobile home was started by the storm and that if the rains stop, he'd like to see "slightly more homes built" in Montfort. "We were lucky," Montgomery said. The fall tornado swept away nine mobile homes in Montfort. When the tree limbs began falling, neighbors were directed to pick them up, they said. "There was a lot of wood that was moving. The house was no longer there," Montgomery said. "We put it in the driveway where it was. We could get free lights for a while." Montgomery and his family are not the only ones who are staying in the shelter. Helicopters dropped off supplies to relatives in the community. The hardest hit part of Montgomery's community was his small hometown, but he said he's so thankful that his neighbors stuck together.
The discovery of three young women missing for a decade in Cleveland immediately raised the hopes of the family of a fourth missing woman.|||Investigators believe they have the missing women's families in mind, a police detective working for the Ohio Violent Crime Task Force told the cleveland.com station, Scott Cunha has talked with Holly Barlow, who is in their custody for more than nine months. Barlow could not immediately be reached. No one has heard from Barlow or Barlow since they went missing. There is no word on the fate of Haley Wright.
Caracas, Venezuela (CNN) -- A manual recount of votes isn't possible in Venezuela, the head of the country's Supreme Court said Wednesday, suggesting there is no legal basis for the opposition's push for a ballot-by-ballot audit of the narrow presidential election results.|||Reagon told CNN that it had been disputed whether the tribunal could oversee a manual recount and then cast a second vote, but that the supreme court had ruled that it was legally possible. "They have chosen not to redo the voting and they have decided to speak to the tribunal and that we cannot do this, because they are defending ... the political process, in particular," he said. Venezuela's election is expected to be the first international demonstration of large-scale voting irregularities in the world since the October presidential elections. The Supreme Court, composed of the heads of six of the 10 national judicial bodies in Venezuela, have been given four days to produce an interim report so that they can get back to the Supreme Court before a trial. It could, though, be decided immediately. "It's a state for the moment, but the vote will be overturned," said Noor Ahmad Morada of Venezuela's Supreme Electoral Tribunal in an e-mailed statement. Morada was speaking on behalf of the all the institutions authorized to order an audit of Venezuela's presidential election. Voting irregularities were not among the 23 problems that challenged the Supreme Electoral Tribunal's decision. Morada dismissed allegations by the commission, the Venezuelan National Electoral Council, that irregularities during the election cost the country's president, Hugo Chavez. After the election, Guerilla leader Omar Torrijos said Chavez was killed in an assassination attempt, which the opposition believes was false. In July, the opposition presented a U.N. official with the results of the Venezuelan vote as overwhelming evidence of fraud. A Human Rights Watch report issued Friday said there were more election-related irregularities as well. The rights group said there was a lack of transparency from the National Electoral Commission and Supreme Court during the commission's inspection. "There were many human rights violations and abuses," the report concluded. The prosecution of Chavez is seen as a potential future flashpoint as a few years' worth of preparation and political delays have delayed the scheduled election. Chavez had won in a landslide victory in the 2010 elections, with the United States calling it a "honest, fair and free election." Torrijos said Venezuelans had three weeks to respond to Maduro's victory over then-president-elect Nicolas Maduro. "We cannot, and will not, wait to count it so that it could be read," he said, adding that the official results must not have come out before he had received them from the Electoral Tribunal. He told reporters Wednesday the only way to count it "is to put all votes on one ballot." He said he would not be signing a blank ballot, which the electoral commission had already labeled as invalid. Maduro won a decisive lead in the Venezuelan presidency in the first round of voting on April 27, securing the mantle of commander in chief. Torrijos died in office in 2007, ruling out any chance of an earlier election having a second vote. Chavez was the only candidate who had the required majority of votes to win the presidency, with Chavez's supporters arguing that he had been denied more than 270,000 signatures to begin his bid. Mexico became the first Latin American nation to count the ballots in the final round of voting since the election in 2006. The results are not yet known. After the Cuban and Guatemalan polls, WikiLeaks released a report saying U.S. President Bill Clinton was almost certain to win the race. Video: WikiLeaks analyzed the vote in the world's most closely watched election.
PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania (CNN)  -- If you're out of work like Steve Lippe, who was laid off from his job as a salesman in January, you know you already have problems. But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment debit card, he became livid.|||The market meltdown is killing our jobs and directly affecting people's days and livelihoods. State Department: Flexible wages a sign of employment. The number of hours between layoffs is decreasing by about 30% every two weeks. In response to this, the Unemployment Benefits Administration started offering 6 month's-worth of jobless benefits with a 3% cost. But the issuance of these benefits (particularly the debit card) comes at a time when people are already struggling to make ends meet. As the jobs market continues to shrink, you have fewer and fewer good employers. Do your first job? Why not find another one? The Fed: Is 6.6 million people off work in the U.S. due to a lack of work, mass layoffs and layoffs?. The Fed: Out of work = In jeopardy of default. The government agency will evaluate applicants for unemployment benefits. The fraud will be investigated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. These banks then will have to decide what "necessity" state the job loss occurred. The new law could put one of those employers in "undesirable liability," according to the Fed. Are you able to access funds? What about paying your creditors? By law, virtually all creditors can seek repayment, so the problem doesn't just get resolved. On a personal level, credit cards leave victims in debt, while debt payments are due to their mortgage lenders, so the mortgageer becomes liable. That's potentially a sign of a fraud.
(CNN) -- Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Serie A goals since October as third-placed Napoli earned a morale-boosting 4-2 win at Lazio on Monday.|||Higuain then struck a brace from the penalty spot to lead Napoli to a deserved victory. Earlier Sunday, it was Daniele De Rossi who was the first man to score, with AC Milan beating Fiorentina 2-1 after Alex Sandro had put the visitors ahead at the San Siro. "Last year was tough and today was a crucial result," Higuain told a TV interview. "I'm happy because it is like this again and today was more important. "There is nothing like a win for the confidence." Read: Real go for third-placed Milan in Serie A at Chievo.
You squirt it on your hands as you catch the office elevator for lunch, and then again on your way home. You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen, too -- and you use them often.|||You know someone who has a lot of plastic in their home. Maybe you use their products every day. Or you have a friend who does. Or maybe you even only use one in a party. You have them all. But they are often reusable. Perhaps you like to drink from them, are quick to throw them in the recycling, or simply use them in special projects. Green cups. Vowel wraps. Plastic-free caps. Lids that look like flowers are recycled -- or like sparkly spray capcaps. Some have even came out of napkins to look like polyester recycling containers. But there are better ways. Fortunately, there are companies who, by creating an eco-friendly way to transport plastic waste, are supporting the recycling and e-recycling initiatives that have become a bit of a trend in California's cities in recent years. Using those regulations, Green: Green now offers three types of free products: PET bottles, PET bottles and PET cans. These are virtually 100% recyclable polypropylene plastic bottles that have been double- or triple-molded, meaning that they are produced every year in less than a second. Plastic bottle companies can choose to recycle only liquid, and often do -- when buying recycled bottles, for example. I have seen a deal where the seller used to accept soft drinks in PET bottles, but eventually recycled them to make juice bags for other non-carbonated bottles. The seller is now having a shake-and-choose event this October for customers. How would you like to make use of the bottles that are already distributed?? Before the launch, participating users must erase the filter on some brands of bottles that already belong to this company. Not all of those brands do, of course, but even those who do do voluntarily limit the size and use of some of the bottles. The global average age of reusable plastic bottles is less than one year. If people believe it will encourage its continued use, they should probably be given this opportunity. See more green tips to try. Pending: Read more Green: Hydration, health, personal and commercial waste. To help limit this a lot of bad stuff ends up in your home or office, instead of "burping" you. The best way you can do this is by sharing your used and non-use-able bottles online. Or use multiples of those bottles and trash them together and can trade them for different environmental benefit, whatever you want. Right now, a Google search for "liquid-free-plastic bottles" will return more than 1.8 million product sites that have received more than 200,000 page views. This site uses 3Breen networks, a platform that allows people to transfer and redistribute both OA and UA filters on an individual project, and even commercial pricing.
(CNN) -- Lawmakers in Moscow moved Friday to ban Americans from adopting Russian children, passing a bill that imposes a series of sanctions on U.S. interests, state media reported.|||The bill would be aimed at preventing the United States from adopting children from Russia. It seeks to implement the laws that went into effect Thursday, when President Barack Obama announced steps to curb U.S. adoptions from Russia, his first foreign trip since leaving office. The ban would be imposed until 15 February 2012, the officials said. "We will act as an example to our nation to support our actions," said Sasha Kudin, the spokeswoman for Russian President Vladimir Putin's first lady. "It is more than that: It is also a token of support to the U.S. people and government of this country. The participants are the recipients of the rights and open attitudes of the Russian people. Our government has proved that we can do that under strict control, in this case and in the future," she said. Officials said a ban on U.S. adoptions would also prevent them from resuming after the ban takes effect. "I am not opposed to the adoption of U.S. children by Russian citizens, but the fact remains that this practice, or what we may call our foreign policy initiatives, does not have the consent of the Russian government," Kudin said. U.S. officials issued a statement expressing concern that the ban "would negatively impact the Russian-American relationship." Earlier this week, the agency that oversees the approval of adoptions in the United States issued a statement warning Americans that Russian adoption agencies could be arrested if they refuse to issue a visa to an American. "These actions would have the potential to cause loss of diplomatic and consular services to Americans," the statement said. U.S. officials have warned that such a ban might lead to the deportation of Russian diplomats. But they also have argued that for years, American adoption has been in high demand. The reason was that Americans wanted to know more about the health and safety of adopting children from Russia, despite fears over their safety, the statement said. The United States is the only country that does not have a domestic adoption program, said David Cardenas, a spokesman for the Children's Defense Fund. "The most important thing is to see whether the application process for bringing children into our country is currently moving forward in a sensible manner," Cardenas said. Kudin said there are about 60,000 American children who are waiting to become American citizens. This week's Russian sanctions "all the way up to the fact that there were more than a thousand Russian children left orphans in the U.S. last year, and in 2008 we opened our home to them," Cardenas said. "And now, we're seeing over a thousand Russian children in U.S. school classrooms." The measure also seeks to cut off the funding for U.S.-funded programs that are part of a U.S.-Russian program that helps to encourage adoption in America.
(CNN) -- The true test of patience is peering for hours into a microscope waiting for a rotifer to open its mouth so you can snap a quick photo.|||The world's shortest mountain bike, the viper snake can grow to 6 feet and is usually long since killed by a fiery tentacle. In perfect conditions, lightning will strike down your mountain, causing the mountain to collapse and kill you. In a day like today, which is 36 hours of mostly cloudy weather, that might not be a bad weather prediction. A flash of rain could send Colorado's water bodies to their knees. The actual amount of rain is probably just a few inches, but the color would be different -- especially around Thanksgiving. In addition, this particular plant-eating crayfish has been known to live in what appears to be a well-manicured greenhouse, so a small demonstration group of scientists is using methane fuel from the lab to make their own. The researchers are looking at tests done by Japanese scientists and then managed by retired NASA scientists. They've shown that high-intensity hydrogen in the fuel can withstand radiation exposure and kill a live fish. -- When you fish in a radiation-affected tank, the exposure "goes up to 150-fold," they say. Of course, exposure is only a problem in winter, during a time when there's little chance of drought. Researchers are still not sure if these new effects can be used to cure the effects of DNA damage, but they still think they can.
(CNN) -- The 2009 snooker world champion John Higgins has said his "conscience is clear" following allegations of match fixing.|||He was set up, his agent Paul Noble told the Daily Mail, "My message to John was that he should not be regarded as if he is some sort of character stone for the life of the sport, and, as a result, to re-evaluate the future of snooker." You can read full transcript of the interview above.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Metallica's Lars Ulrich loves Black Sabbath and Deep Purple -- and so does his 10-year-old son.|||The "Satan" and "Deep Purple" vocalist did his best to "reduce the number of other music groups" with his guitarist, Uriah Heep, who shares Ulrich's passion for the band.
London (CNN) -- Three one-time insiders at the defunct News of the World tabloid testified Monday before a British government-backed panel investigating press ethics and behavior.|||A third named as suspect, journalist Jim Wallace, told the committee he had been copying the phonebook number of another unnamed victim to her boyfriend. He admitted the prank "was really quite a remarkable thing," but said he was stunned and "absolutely astonished" that the police would not let him out of the house. The former editor of the News of the World, Andy Coulson, gave evidence before the hearing at the Hillsborough hearing. An inquest was held last month into the hacking that led to the most damaging of the many confessions. It was for the first time that a Justice Of The Peace could interview the police commissioner on the case. Scrutiny of police claims mean a Royal warrant for Coulson, his nephew Andy Coulson, is likely. As it turned out, the officers involved had a short tenure. News officers dismissed the written warnings of two individuals, saying their arrogance got them killed. A new inquiry by a group called the Press Standards Commission now aims to find out more about Coulson and the royals behind the scandal. The public inquiry is chaired by chief justice Ken Cassar. He sought a report from Cameron, the former Prime Minister and the prime minister, and Prince Philip, the current foreign minister. James Murdoch is a committee member.
(CNN) -- Novak Djokovic swept past Spain's David Ferrer in straight sets to win the Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament Saturday and demonstrate he is in fine fettle for the start of the 2012 season.|||He later eased past Petra Kvitova 6-1 7-5 to consolidate his title win and also beat Spaniard Rafael Nadal 6-4 7-5 at the Noumea Desert Arena in Abu Dhabi. Djokovic was coming off back-to-back finals in Cape Town and Johannesburg, where he has proved his ability to overcome top opponents. He also reached the Fed Cup finals in the Americas where he claimed a hard-court-based title over fellow South African Juan Martin del Potro. This was his first ATP win since June, having entered in the qualifiers stage on clay before choosing to skip qualifying. While his victory over Ferrer was major, it was not enough to secure his place in the tournament's final. He now has to win his next three matches to secure qualification for next season's ATP Tour Finals -- which starts on July 20. The 24-year-old was celebrating a successful European Tour career before the tournament and had he won earlier this year in Glasgow, it would have been the 25th ATP World Tour title he has achieved. "I won't have been happy to lose one of my best matches during my career," he said after the match. "I feel as though I did all that I could have done." Djokovic had four victories in his previous tournaments this year, including a win over world number one Rafael Nadal at the Australian Open. ''He played really good tennis and everyone has to give their 100 percent," he told the tournament's official website. "He was ready, he played good, so we are happy with the result." Djokovic's opening match of the tournament was against Australia's Catherine Berdych 6-3 6-2. Kharkov never trailed in the first set, responding with a straight-sets victory over Czech player Kaia Kanepi 6-3 6-1. Saturday's main draw featured the final of a four-year series featuring classical player Carlos Moya and Argentine coach Carlos Tevez. The former World No.1 wrapped up the group with a 7-5 6-4 win over fellow compatriot David Ferrer 6-4 7-5.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (CNN) -- Police used pepper gas and water cannons to disperse crowds of demonstrators who took to the streets Tuesday to protest a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.|||The protest, which was started by a group calling itself the Balkan, strongman Erdogan Rally, drew thousands of protesters to Istanbul's main square. They gathered in front of the Parliament and held banners with President Abdullah Gul's name on them. The protesters chanted slogans including "Democracy, Milli way, Milli nein Erdogan" (Freedom, freedom, generous and generous) and "Milli is a National Way," referring to a state-run television program whose citizens now have the right to self-determination. The demonstrators chanted, "Let democracy rule," and "Lazim is a man of peace." Erdogan once considered himself a "divine being." The protest coincides with an upcoming arbitration deadline for debts between Turkey and the World Bank. The event has become a symbolic moment for Erdogan. "Turkey has become a classic example of...a society that does not want human rights for anyone," Erdogan said during the rally. "It will invite international people to that country. This day will represent the anniversary of the creation of this society, where Turkish values and values still persist." A Turkish military official told CNN the Turkish government will continue to fight for local interests. Despite the protests, Erdogan hailed the turnout. He said most of the protesters were men. He gave an address in Turkish to international financial institutions on the sidelines of the meeting. "My message is to those who represent international finance agencies to stop sending money to the state," he said. The head of the World Bank, James St. George, condemned Tuesday's protests by calling the gathering "not only immoral, but also a violation of international law." World Bank President Paul Lipton condemned the protests by calling them an attempt by Turkish citizens to "bring down the system that is currently facilitating the plundering of the international currency." Erdogan hosted the 2014 meeting of the IMF and World Bank last month. Erdogan has pushed for new trade deals, including with China and Vietnam, as a response to failed U.S.-led foreign direct investments in both countries.Turkey was the first NATO member to host the G8. Turkey recently joined the World Trade Organization, but has been heavily criticized for its last steps in adopting World Trade Organization rules and global body's accountability laws. Turkey is a close ally of Russia, often criticized for corruption and squabbling over corporate rights. Erdogan, of course, has vigorously defended President Vladimir Putin and is one of the world's best known foreign leaders. Erdogan, the prime minister since 2003, who also is from the West, has frequently met with the head of the European Union in his absence. Erdogan called the stop part a "me-too" protest. "The only people who are doing this are the people of Turkey, and we call on them not to participate," Erdogan said. He has said a problem for Turkey is not corruption, but corruption of corruption of the judiciary by the government. ''Our country will be made the path for the world to follow,'' he said in December, referring to the investment bank. Erdogan said he stood by earlier calls to end harsh economic sanctions against the Vietnamese. Erdogan traveled to the world's newest resort town, Guba, last week to visit a naturalist who founded the planet's largest natural heritage reserve. Turkey's Ecological Refugee Mission talks start Monday in Ecuador.
(Rolling Stone) -- Lenny Kravitz chose a life of rock and soul a long time ago and until recently was never tempted by the movies.|||According to Rolling Stone, Mom played bass guitar and Linda Basset sang lead on the Christian rock group's wedding album, Spring Sixteen. "April and May (A National Weather Service Inspection)" opened their second concert in New York on July 27. "Graffiti (Book)" is another song that has taken on new lyrics and I'm always a bit perplexed, I'll say," says Kravitz, 54, in the interview with Linda, whose brother, Jennifer, is married to producer/writer Jonathan R. Gold. Kravitz can sing the praises of Michael Jackson but his father doesn't agree. "I just don't see my place as being in the middle of 'Rock and Roll, Living or Dead,'" he says. "It doesn't exist for me. I want to be in the middle of it with my mom and my brother." Kravitz said he has a muse who is "my grandfather [Barb] Curtis; my dad Bill ['s music minister']." "I call his grandfather almost every day, because my dad is an ordained minister," he says. "So, my dad, I was asking, how about having his drum set up with us because he's been getting the same things ... he has these standard standards that I've been playing and he's here with me playing. So when my family passed away, he exited pretty much with those standards as well." Kravitz describes himself as, "The just one of a large family." He jokes about his "mother's jokes," but also acknowledges she has spent many years trying to get him to make his own creations, not to say that his creations were inspired by inspiration from other people. Kravitz made his way to fame in the 1960s and achieved a considerable amount of stardom on a four-piece band called "The Totys," with whom he established a solid foundation in the early '90s and remained on stage with for 35 years. "We are our own entertainers. We put a lot of effort into building our live shows," says Kravitz, whose persona features a rock-and-roll look with an exaggerated stage presence. "The way we choose our stage work is to come out and we do it the hard way and we play songs that we know and that are recognizable in whatever context we choose to perform." The Los Angeles entertainer said live shows may bring less Internet access, but it means "living more in the moment and getting closer to people and giving them entertainment like that." Kravitz contributed to this report. Copyright © 2012 Rolling Stone magazine.
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) -- At least 20 insurgents were killed Friday as Nigeria's military carried out an aerial bombardment of suspected militant Islamist camps in the country's northeast, a Defense Ministry spokesman said.|||Boko Haram insurgents vowed to take over Nigeria in a renewed offensive. The offensive, which is being supported by air strikes, has been taking place near the capital, Abuja. More than 30 troops and air support units have taken part in the strikes since an attack Wednesday morning on bases in the northern town of Kankia that had threatened violence against troops. At least 55 people have died and more than 20 are injured in military operations. Nigeria's military, in an unsuccessful attempt last year to crush the militant insurgency, was ruled out from fighting Boko Haram in January, when troops raided suspected camps they believed were filled with the Islamic extremists' hideouts. The Nigerian government is the only country in Africa that has defied the Islamic State, or "Izz ad-Din al-Qudus," to successfully carry out an attack, the United Nations Security Council said. During a rally by presidential candidate Wole Soyinka, Western countries took advantage of the incident to criticize Nigeria's military for its disregard for the rule of law, warned that a coordinated crackdown is possible. American Forces': Gaddafi's "Arab Night" was a propaganda play. The cause of the insurgency is its rejection of a law enforced by the rule of a religious one. Islam was a key issue in the country's civil war in the 1960s, and armed militants still have many attacks, said Maharebi Waba, Amnesty International's director of policy in Africa, the Middle East and Northern Africa.
(CNN) -- "It is so ordered."|||"In modern Chinese culture, sex is not just about physical unions," wrote Daniel Soltes in his book, "The History of Sex." Read or hear Soltes's letter to American students in English from his New York university newspaper. Today's in-demand New York letters won't come from Thomas ("The Professor") Bul, instead. Or from students like Buenos Aires College student Pablo Barriero and Helsinki College freshman Joshua Donald. Peter Chen later added an opinion piece, titled "Twas World Enough," to his journal, The Angry Traveler. Until then, about issues to consider at U.N. Student Rep. Demanding Rights (NYC). And some answers to questions about the future of art and culture for young people across the globe. Think about what you have learned from other high school American students across the nation. See what you think about pop culture, history, sexuality, technology. Share your thoughts in the comments below.
(CNN) -- Bad weather is keeping Britain's Prince Harry and a team of UK veterans stranded in South Africa, their take-off point to Antarctica where they will race U.S. and Commonwealth teams on a trek to the South Pole.|||The Queen Elizabeth II and her husband, Prince Philip, have been ordered by the British government to search for their way back to sea before dawn on Monday, the latest delay of the joint UK/US expedition. The ice queen, who is 74, was in Australia from her official visit on August 8 to greet 37 young people who had taken part in this year's Victoria and Albert Museum Christmas programme. The event calls for young people from all continents to perform in a short competition of heroic acts. "Their courage and determination will serve the world well as they undertake this life-changing challenge," said the queen during a speech delivered in Melbourne, Australia. The events mark the start of the annual "Marathon for the Boer War" or the Swellburg - Victoria Channel Project, which aims to create the world's fastest circumnavigation of Antarctica. Five individuals have won the competition so far, with the first being Italy's Pierre-Hugues Latour, followed by British veterans Jason Burrell and Thomas Hoegh-Guldberg and Eilert Silver. A host of support staff members have also come to offer support to the returning teams. "This is a fantastic act of exceptional loyalty and friendship by the Royal Royal British Legion," explained Alexander Holdren, chairman of the Association of Commonwealth Veterans. "For those of us who are very honoured by this gesture, it is heartening to know that Prince Harry has shown so much courage, commitment and commitment in this very difficult task."
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The international race among sailors, kite surfers and wind surfers to be the fastest wind-powered boat on the planet is rapidly gaining momentum as speeds reach all-time highs.|||The Great Britain-based event, known as the Billy & Fraser race, between three 100-foot-long boats, takes place every four months in winds up to 30 miles per hour in winds that can gust to 55 mph (90 kph) in the worst case conditions. The backwater barrier races have hit such speeds they include waves so high they could push a boat over. But being downwind is no problem as many sail-powered boats get clipped and clipped as they try to swim, said Jamie Mullett, a spokesman for the event. The Love Boat of Britain event is a series of two large boats, a lifeboat and a ferry. Like the boats, it requires the crewed boat to be on hand when the wind pushes the boat. "Any boat with a crew, we have to cut the engine off, cut off the engine of the boat, cut out and cut out the sails, because we can't sail in that kind of wind," Mullett said. Gaining speed in GULF WARMSYEARS. Britain's Wind Sails crew has hit its goal of 2,000 "boat" strokes (per second) by 2011, with wind speeds of about 55 kph (34 mph). This season sailors experienced gusty winds off the Gulf coast of Galveston, Texas, that occasionally crashed land-based planes and fighter planes. New Zealand beat Britain by 3.4 strokes per second while India reached 4.5 strokes per second on Sunday. Outside the boats, thousands of spectators watched the race in nearby Sutton Bridge. Winters were calm, but rapidly increasing winds swirled in shallow seas that caused nearly a week-long ice blockage in the water, said Sulmani Muni, who was born and raised in Coonan, a village near Brighton, England, where the race is held. Some conditions in the event were remote and unpredictable, he said. "I've never seen so much wind off the North Atlantic," Muni said. "There's some scum up there and sharks and stuff, and they're pretty scary because they jump in the air, that is, so big. "As far as I can tell people just want to go on board and swim off. That's OK, but they're just as nervous to get back onto that boat." Ireland is expected to overtake Portugal during the race in May, with a Chilean team likely to win the title. The Florida-based Race for the Atlantic is powered mainly by wind. Known as the Toward the World Race for Sail, it began as an event for professional sailors, who set sail in January 2011. A yacht called Marco Barbieri joined in as the first "largeboat," racing at 26 nautical miles per hour (51kph). Portugal would win the prestigious title after its manly racer is seen drawing an impressive drift. France had to sit on the side of the bowsprit as qualifying went on for about four months for the win. America appeared unlikely to win the race after its first major disappointment as Malta's Monster sailor failed to build up enough power for the speed needed to beat the predicted 3400-foot yacht. Stacey Popley said the record for the largest sailboat was in the 30s, while the toughest to defeat was the larger WSM Thorselord. However, analysts have praised the sport for its growth. "If you want to get to take it to the next level, it's definitely going to be a great sport," one Sydney-based analyst told CNN. Another competitive British crew, the Proud Huck, said it is "beautiful to watch the sailors racing, seeing how fast it's been - there's no denying it really is super windy when you're racing out here." But he urged people to be patient and remain calm about the contest. "These young guys aren't going to win yet, we still have a little bit of time. But if we had more spectators here, we would have seen a lot more sailboats," he said.
(CNN) -- Police have questioned a man in connection with a shooting in New Orleans' French Quarter over the weekend.|||Two men asked for their guns after one of them allegedly shot another man, authorities said. Mercedes Kahn, 23, is expected to be taken into custody. She was injured in the incident, which occurred Saturday evening. Kahn had keys to a vehicle and she went into a liquor store to purchase a gun and ammunition, New Orleans Police Department Sgt. Ken Matthews told CNN. He said she did not enter the store with a weapon, but she did have keys to the vehicle. The FBI, a U.S. Marshals Service, and New Orleans police also are investigating. The men have "real grievances over their alleged role in the incident," the FBI said in a statement. "As such, they have now turned to the police department to investigate their alleged involvement." Louisiana State Police identified the men Tuesday as Nasir Hamid, 26, and Doyne Isaacs, 23, ages 19 and 21, both of New Orleans. Both men told the New Orleans Police Department that they were witnesses. The three other suspects have also been arrested and are in custody, New Orleans police Chief Maynard Paul told CNN on Tuesday. Police found fireworks and a car. A 17-year-old boy also went into a liquor store. Police said Tuesday they had custody of Kasim Jamal Benjamin, also 17. Kassin told the FBI that he didn't recognize the teenager. FBI spokeswoman Janet Rosenberg said the special agent at the New Orleans area's Joint Terrorism Task Force and the Department of Homeland Security have worked to resolve the case, which she said could end with prosecutions of two juveniles and a juvenile. "The federal investigation continues as we work to solve this case," Rosenberg said. CNN's Jeffrey Johnson and Julie Evans contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Listen closely and you'll hear squeals of disgust from a watchdog group tracking congressional pork in the nation's capital.|||Watch how the House Judiciary Committee approves money to aid an Oklahoma marijuana program? Or how much can a $28,000 bounty on land drilling violate drilling and use drilling rules? Or how do you argue with Utah's The Loose Change? Here's the transcript of the report that the subcommittee on Oversight and Government Reform asked its staff for help to prepare: In October 2009, House Oversight's Khizr Khan appears before the Subcommittee on Rural Energy. The Dirty Jars RepublishAmerica organization has filed a complaint with the Department of Agriculture alleging $208 million in pork-bounty awards were made in the same month for these violations.
(CNN) -- A Marine based in North Carolina died during a gun battle with police in Texas after authorities said he killed one person and wounded five others in a shooting spree.|||Marines Marine killed in Texas shooting. Gunmen killed Duncan Warren Rocha Jr., 52, and dozens of others, authorities said. Authorities have not yet released any additional details about the scene where the shooting happened. "We do not know the incident or the circumstances surrounding it," Assistant Austin Police Chief Conrad L. McClain said. Rocha was part of a three-member tactical unit initially to conduct interviews on Tuesday, but no officers were available, McClain said. Robertson said three other passengers were injured. On Wednesday, Colonel of the Marine Corps-North Carolina stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina, Todd Dean, 31, was fatally shot during a push-and-pitch shooting in the barracks at Camp Lejeune, officials said. Dean was armed with an assault rifle and shotgun, Defense Department spokesman Michael Scott said. Twenty-two other officers were injured. The Marine "carried out a number of runs against the targets and then returned fire, according to Lt. Col. Seekard Roper." CNN's David White, Daniel Bruce, John Blattin and Sarah Candiotti contributed to this report.
Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Libyan troops are surrounding the city of Bani Walid, awaiting orders to enter what had been a stronghold for late dictator Moammar Gadhafi as those inside appeal to the international community for help.|||State guards guard an area of Bani Walid, outside the capital Tripoli, on Wednesday, June 22. In the area, the Libyan Embassy had requested thousands of troops from the international community to protect an important resource center and security meeting, a Libyan government source told CNN. The village is one of the last areas where Gadhafi held power, before other militias took over. "With our army there, we will hold the opposition's oath in an oath-taking meeting," said U.S. Army Col. Steve Rosenberg, a western Libyan army spokesman. The action comes as the Islamist fighting group Libya Dawn, formed by members of former government forces, now controls parts of the province of Lockerbie, the next target of Gadhafi's fall. "Dawn has taken over the region with the new presidency of Misratah," said Nahid Gomaa, a political analyst. While the election is coming in an hours, some Libyans' struggle to escape has already begun to intensify. "There was a large displacement of people who were citizens of the districts of Bani Walid in January," said Hany Zauaghwar, a Libyan radio commentator.
(CNN) -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is doing well as she recovers from surgery, officials said Tuesday.|||The ruling Social Republican party of Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was hospitalized Monday night after an ankle injury, AFP reports. The president, who takes office on December 20, left the Miami-International airport earlier this month for treatment at Mar del Plata Hospital. She has not been seen since the trip -- a heart attack was initially thought to be the cause. Fernandez's airport Twitter account said the recovery is complete. Argentina's high court on Monday ruled that Fernandez would serve out the current legislative term, which ends December 31. She was sidelined for months after a February 16 order by President Huilo La Nacion to close a convicted abortion provider's practice. The vote cost the leftist president 39% of the vote. She then went on to run in the 2013 election, which she lost by 10%. CNN's Abel Esquivel contributed to this report. CNN's Alfred Miller contributed to this report.
SPRINGFIELD, Virginia (CNN) -- Georgia Keightley strolled through the religion section at Barnes and Noble in Springfield, Virginia, on Monday searching for a last-minute Christmas gift.|||The mother of five who has suffered the bullying and harassment of numerous young men was in Ebenezer, Virginia, on Monday, when she and three other family members heard from a woman, Lucy Atkinson. "She said, 'When I was a kid, they would beat me up to make sure I had stuff," Keightley told CNN affiliate WAGA. "It was frightening." Meryl Martinez Kowal is the mother of two young children, both of whom were verbally abused and subjected to years of bullying at Ebenezer High School. Two victims were taken into custody within months of each other, and a third did not survive his attack. He was expected to be placed into a special educational institution, the boy's mother, Lucy said. According to Wayne Cooper, the school's director of community relations, the incident was not related to football, and the A.J. Smith family do not believe Mr. Keightley was abusive or had sexually assaulted anyone. "The students have gone on to say that they did not understand why he wouldn't stop beating them," Cooper said. Family members said there were religious, political and even emotional reasons for his behavior. He was not handcuffed and later released. "They acted as if he was our child," said the mother, who is trying to travel to court, according to a statement from Washington, D.C., public defender's office. "No evidence has ever been found that there was sexual assault on any of the children who went to church in that building, and no indication that these children were abused or assaulted." According to a statement in the paper, Keightley said she did not go to Bishop Connell Elementary School at Ebenezer last year. A white parishioner was the pastor. A black high school senior was the vicar, and the white boy was a boy and girl, the paper said. Both were subject to the "hammering of a very racist and offensive language," the pastor said. "Their lives were harmed by what has been reported as a racially motivated hate crime against a black person," he said. "This is a very serious problem." His words were unmistakable. "As a pastor, we expect no less from the men of Ebenezer." When does this happen? A bishop said this to a child last year. "What this is about is a threat to Christianity," he said. "It's a threat to an individual, is a terrorist plot." "I see why people look at it that way, and why they are seeking publicity and knowing about it," the bishop said. CNN's Deborah Hoskins contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- Manuel Neuer captained Schalke 04 to the German Cup with a 5-0 rout of second-flight Duisberg while earlier Saturday Celtic salvaged their season with a 3-0 win over Motherwell to claim the Scottish equivalent.|||Neuer converted a double of his own to give his side a 3-0 lead. The 25-year-old German international recorded a fine goal as the Black & Whites capped a fine season by winning the German Cup in style. "I'm really happy," Neuer told the club's official website. "And I knew as we started the season that would give us the chance to lift the cup and I am very satisfied. The result made us comfortable in what was a very special moment for us and we have to be proud of that." Netherlands international Serge Gnabry netted twice while Belgium international Sam Johnsen pulled a goal back for Chelsea in the quarterfinals. The visitors reached the quarterfinals having made it through by holding on for a 3-3 draw against Bayern Munich in the final of the Serie A. Champions Bayern had started the title defence in style, firing a free-kick into the back of the net after 11 minutes. After a shaky start to the game Felix Magath was introduced from the bench and quickly took advantage. Lucas Moura doubled their lead early on as he turned home a corner to fire past Fabio Cannavaro. Another from Massimo Orosone allowed Schalke to extend their lead in the 56th minute after a Morgan Schneiderlin own goal. The German international produced a superb delivery to set up Johnsen, who finished from eight meters out and completed his hat trick from range. Spanish striker Orosone then hit a penalty kick and headed in a fourth to complete a comfortable victory after Schalke scored their first in a week in Belgium's Euro 2016. And the tension reached a crescendo when France international Antoine Griezmann's first-half effort was canceled out by former Chelsea midfielder Blaise Matuidi's 86th minute equalizer, which set up a pulsating final against Tottenham. Sunderland won 1-0 at Chelsea in the quarterfinals thanks to a goal from Thomas Bartholas in the 76th minute.
(CNN) -- Three people were killed and two police officers were injured in a gun fight in Brooklyn Monday evening -- the latest bloodshed in a violent holiday weekend in New York City that saw at least 48 people shot.|||"Officers found a gun which they fired on victims inside a building," police Lt. Edgardo Ramos said. Shots rang out and the "heat of the fight rapidly engulfed a building," he said. "As smoke and flames engulfed that building, it was realized that the flames were more intense than the fire." Police were racing to the scene, he said. Officers and families gathered in the street to help with the victims and the victims' relatives. The cause of death was not immediately known. Law enforcement officials have been tight-lipped about what killed the officers. The victims were not identified, but relatives said they were either students or adults. CNN's Shawn Wagner, Risa Tati and Bob Maki contributed to this report. Mayor Michael Bloomberg and City Council Speaker Christine Quinn have also condemned the killings. The gunman in Monday's attack was a confidential informant, the mayor said. "Unfortunately, he has become a focus of the work of law enforcement," the mayor said. The gunman was identified as Robert Carranza, 35, and a school teacher in Queens. Two other people, a 7-year-old boy and a woman, were wounded in the fire. The other victim was identified as 28-year-old Vanessa Hines, who also works as a police officer, Ramos said. Investigators were still searching for the gunman, Ramos said. A witness said Carranza and his assailant were holding a black woman against her will, while the assailant had just returned home from a party, Ramirez said. Investigators believed Carranza is related to the weapons used in the shootings, who was killed in a 1998 beating. CNN's Angela Paiva contributed to this report. CNN's Kayle Miller and James Norton contributed to this report.
(CNN)So now we know. The Germanwings aircraft that crashed earlier this week was deliberately brought down by a co-pilot who had managed to lock himself in the cockpit as he set the plane on a course for destruction, according to officials.|||If you read the entire story in the headline below, it is quite possible that there was more to the story than that. The Germanwings aircraft that crashed earlier this week was deliberately brought down by a co-pilot who had managed to lock himself in the cockpit as he set the plane on a course for destruction, according to officials. According to them, the engine fires on the left engine caused the plane to drift wildly off the runway, with the plane returning to base with a second fire at the controls that belonged to the master of controls. It's possible the cockpit had been jettisoned at some point as a map posted on the plane included the position of a runway, and the pilot was able to control the plane with no electronic GPS system, authorities said. However, there was more than one way the plane might have gone down: A crash simulator was used on the plane and computer models were created. A crash predictor algorithm, which uses computer model estimates as "A's" and "B's" in aeronautical data such as speed, altitude, and flight path. The emergency maps can also be used to predict when a plane will crash. But the technology and risk factors of aircraft have come under scrutiny recently, according to a series of stories from The Huffington Post, which examines airplane safety and also examines how a passenger plane that crashed last August is able to operate under the new IT-enabled system. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration says that two incidents in February in which mechanical problems beset a U.S. plane caused a plane to crash. Texas pilot whose plane crashed can't risk US troops - Investigators are currently at a hurricane-damaged airport in the state of Jena, Germany. German authorities also have made inquiries into safety when a Japanese paper reported a similar accident at one of its airports last month.
(CNN)A Montana pipeline burst sent as much as 50,400 gallons of oil gushing into the Yellowstone River, prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency.|||The resulting oil blast occurred Monday morning as a forklift flipped over in the Mississippi River, spilling the waste into water for nearly 20 miles, according to officials with the state's Department of Environmental Quality. The spill is believed to be caused by a ground mutiny caused by the company, which was operating the Refining & Storage facility inside the park. The result was water gushing into its catchment area, about 5,800 acres, which includes just over 2,500 acres of land, according to Jeff Sayler with the Montana Department of Environmental Quality. Also within the park were more than 700 campgrounds, two first- and third-class schools and 211 bus stops. "The impact is still being evaluated by the governor's office, and the local government will act as a temporary coordinator for management," spokesperson Tara Anderman said. Canadian oil company, Rio Tinto, said in a statement it is "working closely with the Montana Public Service Commission and first responders as the situation with this crude oil pipeline is being resolved." A transmission line carrying the spilled oil also is being treated, according to Dr. Michael Miller, a spokesman for the Montana Department of Environmental Quality.
(CNN) -- The United Arab Emirates on Saturday expressed concern about a German court's decision to release an alleged Israeli agent being investigated in connection with a Hamas leader's murder in Dubai.|||For six years, Hasan Dahlan is under house arrest in the UAE, where he is serving a five-year sentence for "terrorist" activities and "endangering public order." Yet, shortly after his arrest, Dahlan was released Thursday night without any charges. "He is yet to face justice because he doesn't know anything about this case. He never entered Germany or U.S. facilities until the time he was detained," said Mohammed Abdelahi, a lawyer for the government in Abu Dhabi. "All of the facts that he had to face were extremely crucial and crucial, not only for him to be released on bail in the case but also to prevent him from going anywhere. "Hassan has nothing in America or Europe to keep him and how he is getting where he is. He's being harassed by the U.S. and even worse, by some of his former Jewish colleagues who talk about his activities as well as the knowledge he had. Although they know very little about his personal life and never talked about his murder, they all treat him as if he killed members of the Israeli security services. "This is an incredible issue that really highlights the double standards between the U.S. and Israel in the area of security." The German government had released Dahlan last week after accusing the Israeli government of involvement in the 2012 assassination of an opposition politician in Dubai. The German court said Dahlan had confessed to participating in a premeditated and "organized" conspiracy by cooperating with Israel. The intelligence community's own indictment cited Dahlan for killing Raif Badawi. In 2009, Dahlan was implicated by the Hashed newspaper as an "impersonated individual." In the wake of Dahlan's detention, police said Dahlan "likely provided information which directly pointed to any Israeli role in the killing."
(CNN)  -- The attorney for a man whose wife's wrong-way accident killed eight people on New York's Taconic Parkway in July says he will ask authorities to exhume her body to prove she wasn't drinking at the time of the accident.|||Paul Moses' wife, Tina, a doctor, died in the crash two weeks after she wrote a "love letter" to her son Tonya. Tonya Moses, who was 33, remained missing until Monday, when authorities made the decision to exhume her body. Investigators charged that Tina Moses and Antonio Mango were driving in the wrong direction when they hit the back of a pickup truck parked at the entrance to the Taconic National Park, prompting the burial to be delayed.  Watch more of the developments » The remains were shipped to America on Sunday by hauler Express, Russel Messel said. The state had asked that jurors take a look at the body of Tina Moses, whose remains were found in the back of her car. Though she died in the fatal accident, she was originally listed on a passenger list for the crash of a bus heading from Massachusetts to New York, the family said. Moses was free of criminal charges; he has been charged in three other accidents involving his family. The Brooklyn County District Attorney has said he is considering bringing a grand jury to look at Michael Mango's case, but has not yet decided whether or not to do so, the Madison County Sheriff's Office said in an affidavit. Read full transcript of hearing. Press release from a witness: A man witnessed the crash and called 911 from a nearby home. "Please tell the person in question that he is guilty of these crimes. Please shoot him. Do not point out to him that he did not kill anyone." He also could not name another person who was at the scene of the accident, but U.S. Attorney's Office spokeswoman Shari Jillson said on Tuesday that the dispatcher reported a possible intoxication in the male driver's car, and the toxicology report listed a number of substance abuse complaints. A crew member was cited and released. CNN's Chris Michaud contributed to this report. In a radio report, Mango's attorney, Chad Travenes, said his client disclosed he'd broken a key piece of cocaine and had developed delusional disorder. Mango's car, which had been in flames at the time of the crash, has been on fire since the incident. He appeared in court this week in Colorado and Nebraska, and he lives in Stamford, Connecticut, with his family, said Gretchen Abramson, a spokeswoman. When he gets back home, Moses' body will go in to the Metropolitan Life Support Center to be exhumed, the hospital told CNN. Authorities previously determined his wife was dead because of the speed at which she drove. CNN's Tim Long contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt has told CNN he can set a new 100 meter world record at the London 2012 Olympic Games -- and could run as fast as 9.4 seconds.|||A coach at the Kenya Athletics Championships said that since he started in 2001, Bolt has set world records for both the 100 and 200 meters. He told CNN: "It's number one. My position is I don't care what the world record is. Usain or Kenyan Bolt does, for me the world record is 9.4 seconds. He is as fast as it is because of the trick. When I saw Kenya, I thought if he used that kind of technique it will work." A leading Kenyan, Milas Best said: "That should be amazing." The former world champion's projected time would beat Kenya's previous best of 9.5 seconds. "Last year, I was going at a really fast speed of about 10 seconds. I thought this would have been perfect and it worked. My feeling was that I could do it and it was awesome to see that, but when I looked back at the time, I thought, 'There is a lot of work I have to do now.' But also, there are good things that were going on, (like the world championships). People that I admire, especially Jeremy Garner and Carl Lewis, believe I can come even closer, but we'll have to see. I am a great athlete, I can do anything. I am very excited to be back at the Olympics," he said. 25-year-old Bolt has won 17 Olympic gold medals and is on a four-year winning streak. At the start of the world championships, Bolt finished seventh.
(CNN) -- A 59-year-old Michigan woman has been charged in connection with the death and dismemberment of the woman's 32-year-old son, a sheriff said Monday.|||Mary Anna Carrouth was arrested Friday, the Driego County Sheriff's Office said. Carrouth, 59, faces one count of unlawful murder for the death and one count of mutilation for the death, said Sheriff Dan Emerson. Carrouth was arrested Saturday, he said. Carrouth was brought into custody after authorities found evidence Sunday in her Miami home, he said. Carrouth is accused of killing and dismembering Carrowth, who was a 32-year-old high school student, in 2004, Emerson said. She was arrested in February at her home, Emerson said. Carrouth owned the house with her son and was unemployed at the time and she was arrested Friday, Emerson said. The man in the house told authorities Carrouth grew bananas, ate trash and sometimes went to the home to burn them on fire, Emerson said. Carrouth is in lieu of $2 million bond, Emerson said. A court date has not been scheduled. Carrouth faces three counts of murder, for killing Carrowth, forcing her son's hand, and two counts of preventing the mother from gathering her child's body, Emerson said. "We're still in the early stages of gathering evidence," he said. The arrest means Carrouth's family is back under law-enforcement scrutiny, Emerson said. Carrouth's home was in Martin County, near the nation's capital, and she lived on the land, Emerson said. The Martin County Sheriff's Office said Carrouth's mother, Carolyn Carrouth, was an employee at the Martin County jail.
An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare warned of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.|||The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services still lacks a fully qualified staff member and yet, to go into detail, the department did not prove competent to perform the full testing required by federal law or to properly monitor vulnerabilities in the health system. The discovery comes one day after the Office of Management and Budget reported finding major security flaws in the website this week. The memo, which was not made public, says the company was unable to assess all known security vulnerabilities. "Any known flaw may inhibit operation of that website. There is nothing to know what was misconfigured or the purpose of the changes," the memo says. The department reported that it was incorrect but stressed that the matter does not involve the health system itself. An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare warned of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.
(CNN) -- At least three people died and seven others were rescued Thursday after their boat capsized off the coast of southeastern Florida, the U.S. Coast Guard said.|||Three people were killed and seven were injured in a boat wreck that happened after heavy winds and strong currents flipped a boat carrying four people, the U.S. Coast Guard said. In addition, a Russian charter boat, RCIR-7A, was killed when it struck a home off the island of Morehead City, where two other boats were located several meters beneath the surface, said Petty Officer Camille Baron. A Spanish tourist crashed her boat three miles to the south off the coast of Ocracoke, the Coast Guard said. The wreck is believed to be a combination of a barge-size boat, another watercraft and an outboard motor. The two boaters, both of whom lost control during the crash, were turned around in midair and moved north, the Coast Guard said. The debris pool in one area, where the vessel was expected to be, was estimated to be about 80 to 100 feet deep, said Capt. Gordon Towne. CNN's Ryan Caplan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Let the extravagant wedding planning begin.|||Report.com on Wednesday. Kim and Lee want their big day to become even bigger. According to their own publication, Y!'s wedding will continue until mid-September. There is a special price tag that can go into breaking even or well into the millions. This price is also an affiliate of CNN.
Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- When I was a little boy, my dad and I would sit on the floor next to his old reel-to-reel tape deck, taking turns talking into it and playing our voices back -- the same reel-to-reel he unwittingly used to gain his 15 minutes of fame.|||In a video produced for The New York Times, David Letterman was soon a celebrity -- in America, at least -- who gained millions of fans when he appeared on TV in 1955, complete with a profanity-laced radio drama. He never really relished his fame, though, and, of course, to his children, went on to some very serious jobs. In the 1960s he worked as a desk jockey and as an editor for a magazine that could not publish anything but his own thoughts, and the next decade, he shot to fame as the host of radio talk show "The David Letterman Show." He appeared on a variety of other shows, including one on NBC in Kentucky in 1966 where he had a "good times" time that lasted only a few minutes. He was known as "The Man Who Cried" for what he did to British prime minister David Cameron. According to Letterman, his standup joke used to be, "I'm just a crazed good-natured nerd who tries to be funny because I'm embarrassed at the things he does." He later became a geek, and today, he has become the man behind the online site HitTopic, the University of Georgia student-run TV program, highlighting what he calls absurd and dangerous liberal political positions. Letterman and other experts across the nation are endorsing what they have been calling "the David Letterman Experiment," and they urge their students to:
(CNN) -- The first "cup" was used in hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974. That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain is also important.|||"Men use the skull in different ways in different sports," Martin told CNN. For example, hockey players wear helmets which help prevent concussions. Among women athletes, when women play hockey, helmet is recommended to prevent headaches, after the brain injury that killed 60 men in 1874. The function of the brain is much different from women's head: Women's general health remains poor but girls are much more likely to develop cancer, other types of cancer and a higher risk of having meningitis in general. The helmet is a lifetime protectors of the male brain and it is required for all women athletes to wear it at all times.
Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A Wisconsin Republican official compared the protests over Gov. Scott Walker's attempts to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees to the Holocaust on Wednesday, a remark he later conceded was "a bad word" to use.|||Just using a "t," Zucker, Walker's top political adviser, didn't sound friendly to protesters, at least not on the evening news. "I know this is embarrassing," Zucker told reporters, adding that he was "deeply troubled by what happened in June." CNN's Rebecca Murphy contributed to this report. Related: Story: Citing reports from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel and other outlets, state Attorney General Brad Schimel has filed a lawsuit against Gov. Scott Walker. The lawsuit seeks an end to the union contracts, nullify the Republican governor's veto of a recall effort, and require the governor to immediately make state legislators available to schedule a recall election. Schimel also referred to the protests Tuesday and Wednesday as "a little something called extreme anti-government" and the violence last week in Wisconsin. When asked by reporters what sparked those demonstrations, he used a phrase that hadn't been used in a news briefing he gave Tuesday. "Some protesters are acting that way," Schimel said in response, according to CNN's Rebecca Murphy. "You have a problem with a couple of people who come out here every day, trying to tear down something in this state for the right cause."
(CNN)From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone, the United States' national parks were made for you and me.|||The Dazed Foundation. 2011 America in 4,300 photos. See our gallery. From Yosemite National Park to the Grand Canyon, a gallery of 60 lesser-known spots that were made for you and your family by the United States. "Scent that You Created," and "Take a Look at Me" from Summer 2012. »
(CNN) -- Wanda Butts lost her teenage son in a drowning accident six years ago, and ever since then she has been working to change a troubling statistic.|||A lifelong nurse and mother of 12, Butts said children under the age of 10 fall into the dangerous world of "pediatric drowning" when they swim. Once a child begins to swim alone, toddlers, teens and moms face a lifelong challenge, she said. The problem is that many don't even realize they are at risk for drowning. In fact, a new study suggests that children under 10 who take part in "pediatric drowning" have an elevated risk of heart disease. The problem is becoming more prevalent. The most recent study found that 1 in 3 children under 6 learn to swim after five days of them never remembering to do so. The problem is being compounded by the fact that children coming off the coast frequently end up hit in the back or front of the car, often after a recent roll-over. Just last year, 13 of those young people died in states with high rates of pediatric drowning. Too few "pediatric drowning" moms have knowledge of their children's deaths because most are unaware of the disease, said Dr. Kate Quinn, chief medical officer of Children's Hospital Seattle. "They're just walking down a highway or a lake, pulling their children under," she said. "Parents are not aware of it. They're just assisting their children. I know they are helpless as a mother because, because of the situations they're in, it's very hard. There are a lot of parents who are losing sons or daughters." Students who develop medical conditions such as red bull disease can die. Also, shark sharks are on the rise, and babies are drowning at an alarming rate. Surfers and pregnant mothers are facing a tougher challenge. "I just think moms want to make sure their kids are safe," Quinn said. "Children should feel that they can walk away if they don't want to be swimming and die." "I think a lot of girls just think it's easier to drown," said fellow pediatrician Wanda Butts. Butts, a family advocate in the care of her seven-year-old daughter, learned that sometimes little girls have trouble swimming from under their fathers and falls into people or in their car. "My dad would be amazed how much worse off they would be if it was her," she said. "If he could have met his daughter and seen her at the park, he would have been shocked and so happy for her. He would never have believed something like that could happen to a girl." Wanda Butts is one of the girls who come out of a pediatrics trauma to receive special care. Butts is one of hundreds of mothers who are raising awareness that children are increasingly drowning at a far greater rate, but not as many as they think. Her message is clear: Every fifth victim is a tragedy. "I'm advocating on behalf of my boys, especially my 16-year-old boys who are just starting to understand my thoughts and behavior, that they can get better, and we need to speak up to my sons so they will have the support that they need," she said. "My children should have no problem communicating with their classmates or being reminded that all children can learn from their past, and to not let it happen to them and to not let it happen to their classmates." And male coaches should provide consistent no-swim lessons and showers for students and students, she said.
(CNN) -- Manchester United fought back from two-goals down to defeat rivals Manchester City 3-2 in a thrilling Community Shield at Wembley, the traditional opener to the English Premier League.|||The teams met for the first time in three years at the 2012 Community Shield -- but it was Chelsea who won in the semifinals last year. "There is nothing football like a Community Shield and Manchester United have done everything and more this year to prepare for this important occasion," Alan Pardew said. "We're going to have to carry on repeating what we did last year, especially against champions and five-time champions. "We needed to be better than that because we didn't get through the second half." Mike Phelan, Michael Carrick, Ander Herrera, Wayne Rooney, Phil Jagielka and Sergio Aguero scored. A double from Jay Rodriguez gave United an 11th-minute lead through Wayne Rooney but Dan Burn pulled one back from an acute angle from a corner to tie it before halftime with a superb volley from Ruben Loftus-Cheek. Attacking midfielder Hoolahan put United ahead after just six minutes and Newcastle defender Dominique Billing put United in front just after the break, after a superb first half from Mario Balotelli. "The second half was much more intense than the first half and a lot of those things have a lot to do with the impact they have made on the result of this game," said Pardew. "There's clearly no mercy given. They couldn't convert two corners. "We always knew our chances had to be there at the end. It was never easy but the big thing was when we had that moment to come to an end it was very satisfying and it would have changed our season for sure and our season even more." City's Lionel Messi and Pablo Zabaleta made it 2-0 midway through the second half and City looked to have snatched an early victory with a sixth-minute free-kick from Spanish midfielder Trent Alexander-Arnold which was saved by Rio Ferdinand. The pair missed their second and third attempts in the final five minutes of added time, but Zabaleta coolly slotted home past the onrushing David Ospina moments later to extend United's advantage. After the Wembley revamp, the replay will be announced shortly and United could face either London rivals Arsenal or Manchester City on October 22. In the three previous seasons the teams met only once, for Chelsea and Manchester City. Manchester City defeated Chelsea 2-0 in 1999 to become champions of the English League. United played in the 2005 FA Cup final, losing to Arsenal 3-2 to open the trophy. In 2003, a Benjamin Mendy penalty from Martial allowed the Spanish striker to seal Arsenal's 2-0 victory. Arsenal later boosted their hopes of retaining the trophy with a 3-1 victory over United in the Fourth Round of the FA Cup at Upton Park. In Monday's seventh round of the FA Cup at Wembley United lost 2-0 to Arsenal in an exhilarating encounter.
(CNN) -- Are you worried that millionaires don't have enough influence in our elections? If you can't contribute more than $123,000 to politicians, are your free speech rights harmed?|||Dear Mr. President, Are you worried that a change in campaign finance rules is taking place in our country? I am worried about your stance on some of the rules that run rampant throughout the country, especially those limiting contribution limits. The net gift cap, which applies to all who are over $100,000, is being suggested by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. He has said that Congress should also pass a bill banning "boneheaded" donations in some states, noting that a recent compromise legislation eliminated contributions between $40,000 and $123,000. Members of Congress in several states have already taken issue with this proposal, noting that in Mississippi and Minnesota, it was the recipient of a mammoth $124,000 donation, according to a letter that was written by a retired science educator from the renowned medical research museum at Oregon Health and Science University. As for the presidential race, Reid has refused to comment, citing the special campaign spending exception. Are you concerned that there's an over-representation of tax-exempt donations to members of Congress? Not only is it unrealistic -- given how much money campaigns require to run, such donations directly affect the outcome of an election. Keep an eye on how the 501(c)(4) general election comes out this November, and remember that the large donations are considered "campaign money" in the federal and state systems.(CNN) -- Are you worried that millionaires don't have enough influence in our elections? If you can't contribute more than $123,000 to politicians, are your free speech rights harmed? You may be shocked at this proposal, however. You certainly shouldn't have to agree to one of the provisions in the current "fair-share" bill, made by the National Conference of State Legislatures. Do you think the guidelines for public campaign donations are working well? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Ten schoolchildren and two soldiers with NATO's International Security Assistance Force were killed Monday in a bombing in Afghanistan, officials said.|||The blast left a gaping crater in the road, which was also joined by vehicles and building damaged by gunfire, said Maj. Gaha Ullah, a senior Afghan police officer, who was among the casualties. Ullah said five of the three soldiers who were killed are from France and the other two are from Germany. The 13 people killed included five schoolchildren and two soldiers with the U.S. military. "The investigation is under way in the death toll," Ullah said. Watch how the NATO missions in Afghanistan work ». Between 2011 and 2013, the U.S. military increased the number of U.S. military personnel in Afghanistan, by about 21%, according to U.S. Defense Department statistics. Meanwhile, NATO reported 10 coalition soldiers killed Monday. But officials did not say if the incident was related to the local conflict. U.S. Air Force Col. Thomas Snow said he has not been briefed on the incident but that his soldiers were sent to investigate the scene. He said "the local environment is quiet, everything was open." Journalist Lena Sabri contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In all the toing and froing that we have seen in recent weeks surrounding match-fixing -- the Europol press conference that announced more than 680 suspicious football matches worldwide and the banning of 33 players and officials for life in China -- one question has been largely overlooked: just how do you actually fix a football game?|||"This was a fine-looking book but it is coming back from the dead and will expose the conspirators," France's National Police Commissioner Frans Timmermans said of the latest investigation, which revealed eight cases that were connected to the Chinese League Two (the above listed) as well as other local and international matches. Did you spot these matches? "Firks were fixing matches, everything from the heart of the game, whether it's on the pitch to the dying embers," Timmermans said. These were match-fixing cases -- everything you can possibly think of -- in which people are bribed, particularly money with the intent of allowing them to win. "It's not just in China that this is happening, it is all over the world," he said. In the United States, the FBI have already been targeting "high level activity" in local competitions -- local teams are paying for advertising in newspapers and betting websites and supposedly manipulating results. Last week, the US Justice Department said it was investigating European soccer officials' alleged involvement in a $15 million (US$16.5 million) scam. "They did take some, actual bribes, and even sometimes big amounts of money and then they would talk to you and tell you that they did it, and they would then do it again when you weren't looking at them. There was no investigation, no justice," James Robson, the FBI's deputy director for counter-terrorism, told CNN in a statement. We've seen a lot of this stuff on the FIFA website. It's the worrying details. Breaking in the Nigerian Premier League was a particularly tough focus because of corruption linked to the president of Nigeria, Samuel Doe. FIFA announced "several years ago that the league's efforts to fight corruption have been in vain." Watch: It's not just football that is corrupt. This year, authorities at the U.S. Anti-Football Financial Crimes Authority (AFFCA) also made a serious development when they linked to the head of Manchester United a $15 million ($17.9 million) debt to a Chinese businessman. The latest revelations also show just how much corruption is running rampant in European football today. According to Europol statistics, some football officials who attended the 2014 World Cup in Brazil were 'working with criminal elements in their countries,' and some took bribes. The figures are undoubtedly overwhelming. But they are only the tip of the iceberg. Tell the all-important story, and we will tell it. A few days ago a Spanish football team called FC Twente. They confessed to betting on England's Premier League matches to win money. Their loan was worth $200,000 ($220,000), and they were punished with a two-year ban (the world's toughest punishment for a transfer). The Premier League reports. "We believe that this is evidence of football corruption at its highest echelon," Denny Volkhauser, the Inter chief of competition at FIFA, told CNN on Wednesday. "They have strong ties to traditional forces." "I am sure that there has always been a chance that these players are not from the English set," Volkhauser added. "There is a serious risk that they are themselves or their relatives are from the British set." "There are also people who have bought contracts with the big clubs and are trying to tie up major deals," he said. "There has to be a strategy to fix things, a plan in place because for some people to do it -- I know for a fact -- at any player or a club on the back end. It's a very simple process to beat them and that's very damaging for the game." Football is a game but it is also a sport. The competition is important -- not to mention that there is a country that wants to be pushed off to the top and start competing with one another -- and that means that it is important that we live up to a culture of the game where money and corruption are highly valued. "In one way or another, we think it is the league that rules football," Danny Cloward, the English FA's chief of international football and football liaison, said. "On the whole football character, I can say the football in England is very good and the league was quite proud of what they have done and which had done in the last 17 years." According to DCF, it is important to focus on this sort of manipulation.
(CNN) -- This week, Barack Obama will embark on his first trip to Israel as president. The visit will enable him to engage, experience and touch Israelis in ways that move and bolster us.|||Obama: The visit will be historic. These photos were taken the morning of the president's inauguration. President Barack Obama was given a speaking event at the oval office, and he met with with several members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Obama's address was heartfelt and touched many hearts in the audience, including the leaders of Poland, Poland's former president and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. Opinion: Hard to prepare for good news and drama during a visit. But as Obama said Monday night, "there's more that we need to do if we are to be courageous and courageous to take on the world. "The president needs to have a greater appreciation of the complicated array of cultural and historical tensions that exist between the United States and Israel, and for a new era of just moments that look like real beginning to begin. "By making these kind of deliberate, deliberate decisions and decisions, we enable our young people to find themselves in a world that looks a lot like ours." The president should not underrate the significance of today's visit. I have much to commend about the Obama administration's historic accomplishments and the determined that our new president will have a successful tenure at the helm of the United States. For years, Americans have admired and admited the extraordinary work of Mr. Obama and his staff, especially during the President's first term. He is a testament to the commitment and selflessness of a president as well as of all American citizens to working together for a better future for all. "President Obama has demonstrated that great leadership is not a sure thing -- but it can be a sure thing," U.S. Rep. Linda Sanchez, D-CA, said in a statement. "The president has clearly demonstrated his commitment to ending Iran's decades-long occupation of the Middle East and to restoring Israel's democracy. At every turn, President Obama has acted to support Israel's democratic right to exist. "The nation of Israel is fiercely committed to an open and democratic society and serves as a model for the nations and peoples of the world." CNN's Ed Lipton contributed to this report.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- The death toll from an outbreak of hepatitis B in India's western Gujarat state reached 38 on Sunday as authorities prepared to begin a vaccination drive against the disease.|||The local government in Asansor, Gujarat, has launched a vaccination drive that begins Sunday afternoon against the bile-forming bacterium. Asansor is roughly the same area as the famous Amritsar Waterway. Govt. S.S. Tomar has instructed local authorities to distribute 100 million of the new hepatitis B vaccines to about 60 million people a day, subjecting them to full vaccinations by health officials. The vaccination drives have been coordinated with the health ministry so a sufficient number of people can be vaccinated every day. "It will go hand in hand with epidemiological and surveillance equipment for the state," Tomar said. "We have the virus confirmed there in the district of Asansor and we think it's a verifiable disease. We use it in small scale outbreaks to prevent it. The vaccinations will create immediate immunity against the disease and prevent people from contracting the disease. All the cold-related illnesses and respiratory illnesses can be prevented with vaccinations." Read: Indian toddler given baby pump after almost killing him. ‎
(CNN) -- If you think school starts too early, you aren't the only one.|||By Nezahas Chumpahany. Those foul-mouthed bats we hear when we hear about the word bat coming from pines are somehow related to bats. They are discovered every December by vandals in places such as Australia who start up bats bats bats during the spring. They search the world for the bats. The animals also seem to raise concerns about getting an education. One study has found that dolphins in the middle of Illinois are used to English-language, national-service schools, where they regularly do sports. This year they try to get children enrolled in a variety of sports like soccer, debating and painting. Some believe the teachers should be doing homework. Others say the bats and teachers are too close together.
(CNN) -- Aruban authorities are urging Natalee Holloway's father, Dave Holloway, to delay volunteer search efforts in her disappearance until police get better information on the case from Peruvian investigators who have spoken to Joran van der Sloot, prosecutor Peter Blanken said.|||Organizing Van der Sloot's neighbors to search a company in Aruba who contracts with Nestle to search homes was suggested as a possible reason for negotiations not to begin, the prosecutor said Tuesday in a statement. Reed Helmsworth declined to comment on the request. Investigators spoke to two relatives who met with Van der Sloot at his place in the hospital late Sunday and questioned them on Tuesday. Van der Sloot's family responded to their discovery that he is in a Peruvian prison without charges, referring questions to their attorney. The attorney is asking them to speak to National Police Chief Mariano Valladolid. Authorities still have not recovered Natalee Holloway, who was last seen heading toward the beach in Naranja on July 19.  Watch the police chief speak about the Natalee Holloway disappearance ».
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal battled hard to overcome Roger Federer's conqueror and give himself a chance of a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament title in Italy.|||Ron really showed his mettle during an entertaining last-four clash against Novak Djokovic, the third seed in the overall contest, that ended up needing six more tiebreaks to level the set, his 10th of the day and the 12th overall. Nadal had won the first five sets and opened the interval leading 3-1. Federer battled back, though he was broken in the seventh game of the second set to again be broken by Federer. Nadal recovered to take a 4-2 lead in the third set and Nadal successfully served for the win in the following game, netting eight aces. Cupping up the comeback proved extremely difficult, and the Serb eventually netted a stunning backhand return to force a decisive fourth set tiebreak. Having regained the momentum from the first set, the Australian was unable to close out the victory on Djokovic's serve at an error-strewn 5-7, 4-3, 7-6 (7.2). Earlier, Serena Williams netted her first serve of the evening in the third set to surrender to seventh seed Gael Monfils, as Nadal came back with a spectacular hold of serve to lead 6-4 4-2 in the deciding set. Nadal's last set was broken, and Monfils came out on top to claim a shock victory. "The match was the real reason I came back to play a full match," he told reporters after his victory. In other men's final matches in action on clay Saturday, Mischa Zverev defeated Natalia Vikhlyantseva 6-3, 6-4, Lucie Safarova saw off the American Michael Mardy Fish 6-3 6-1 and Feliciano Lopez beat Sergio Canete 6-2 6-4. "I'm really happy that I played well and I practiced well on the clay court again this year. I've worked hard to be at my best. So this has been a very difficult tournament for me." CNN's Marcos Salazar, who worked tirelessly on his game and on anticipation of a win to join his friend Nadal in the top-four, said: "In all honesty, a lot of credit to Rafa, who helped me. I think he played a great game. "Sometimes he needs a bit of luck. He's never really played one match against anybody and that's why we have trusted him. "There was obviously a bit of pressure in those last few games. We will see after the match and we'll see what he does."
(CNN) -- Airbus has showed off its new A350 XWB, rolling out its first flyable plane on Monday fresh from the paintshop in company livery.|||The Airbus Air Force One demonstrates the new A350 XWB using its standard eagle-winged aircraft, an awkward formation that gives it a false appearance without ailerons or vertical stabilizer. It also has a rather dull image; the new nose end has a strange, little vibration when lifting up the plane, resulting in the lack of lift between the engine and the aircraft's cabin. The aircraft's flexible fuselage and single-aisle wings give the plane a working sense of balance, balanced on the vertical axis of the twin fuselage aircraft. The wing, which carries the engine and is in a fully enclosed area, is a little larger than a single-aisle plane. And as with many new aircraft, the wings are made from composite materials. The main fan of the new jet is actually a rocket motor which can burn fuel under pressure, instead of in-line screws, like most other designs. From the inside the wings have open curves that act as to support the engines' wings, helping maintain a smooth look. They're made with seven "narrow necks" that mount on to the engine. According to Airbus, the window space between the noses of the jet engine and the cockpit is 24,125 square inches. CNN's Mark Johnston contributed to this report.
(CNN)Will "Birdman" rule the roost Sunday night?|||This week has brought greater attention to the anti-India hit. If the people at the film's Miami premiere were any indication, they'll be looking for a response. The centerpiece of the New York premiere, which follows last Sunday's promising performances, will be ''Birdman'' -- a near-whole-starrer which is said to resemble both the high-fantasy atmosphere of "Mad Max: Fury Road" and "Escape at Dannemora." Deadline: What are the reviews? But will it really be as sensational and controversial as the movie's trailer suggests? To be fair, critics have both been bombarded by "Birdman," like late favorites and the "Wagner" movie. They are now calling for the release of "Birdman," which critics compared to "Mad Max: Fury Road." But critics and critics on the right, both on the right and left, want audiences to view the movie from two vantage points. On one hand, there's the rabid American reaction that has grown throughout the country after the racist film was released in April. On the other, there's the reaction that has been heightened by the attacks on two groups of women in Miami and other cities. In one instance, two blindfolded female women were mistaken for female hunters in the New York City area in a mistaken execution, and the shooting of their own daughter took place outside a courthouse. Police said Monday that a 21-year-old man was shot and killed in "Violent, White Male Behaviour." In another incident, a jealous woman caught her daughter peeping at her boyfriend, who was training her to be a bully. In another, a zoo employee threw a snake out at a bus driver, and it hit the driver, killing him. In a statement, Marion Cagle, president of the Motion Picture Association of America, said the movie doesn't endorse violence. It "aims to shift the stigma surrounding domestic violence and all forms of hate towards women." And he has not been shy about calling for this country's law enforcement to step up its game. The two women reportedly were shot at. The husband of the wife who was shot was killed after he took his wife to a movie theater. Police found the monkey sprawled on the floor covered with bloody tights. The man claimed the dog had snatched the woman from his car. Police detained the dog but released it soon after. When shooting occurred, both men were hospitalized, and in one case four children died, the Miami police chief said. The nation's Capitol building looks like "the exact same building from which frogman jumped," Cagle said. "It looks a lot like a stereotypical child soldier's. As for the baby, she was covered in diapers and it was raining." In Miami, after two shots that sent cars plunging into buildings and on to the streets, it's hard to imagine what theaters will be like on Tuesday. Lion-faced Citrus Valley, Texas, native Pitbull, famous in his debut in 2001 film "The Pit Bull" sported a Robin's Pride hat that may have even had feathers on it. However, when he wasn't wearing it, the small, rapt-looking bard wore a natural costume and a wolf print hat. After months of filming in parks and on the sides of Miami's Central and River islands, there were no shootings in parks, according to Miami Police Chief Eddie Yuna. The shooting left several people dead and a girl with a life-threatening injury. The girl was severely beaten and confined to diapers and walked with two broken limbs, police said. The animal park had taken a number of unusual measures against protesting violence in parks. In one statue outside the Disney-owned park, a giant white statue that looks like a prominent statue of a statue of the panda shield stood -- some kind of protective icon, Yuna told CNN. "It is absurd that people in this day care here would do this." Yuna has said the statue is "beautiful, not only in Native American culture but maybe more so in the ways of fighting terrorism. It's very shaky, it's very unnerving." Watch Birdman ».
(CNN) -- Charity: water will receive a $5 million grant from Google's Global Impact Awards to provide clean and sustainable water supplies to the world's most far-flung and impoverished regions.|||Where Water Will receive $5 million from Google. Google announced the philanthropic project Friday in partnership with Victoria Ngo, chairwoman of the National Endowment for the Arts, the Child is Where My Heart Is foundation, and an endowment board, through the funding, Thursday afternoon. While Google is yet to announce the winner of the final award, Ngo has won major awards for children and children with disabilities, including a unique chance to compete for the grand prize, at the Elaine P. Douglas International Center for the Arts in Las Vegas in 2017. Winners of national and international awards include "Banana Republic of Alabama" (formerly known as "Lake of Youth," according to news reports), "Contributed by Paula Kine, Artist in Residence, U.S. at the Banana Republic," "Favor by Martin Buber (An Arab") and "In the Name of All-God". CNN's Veronique Auteuil contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A "faulty" flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands, an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others, Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday.|||The weather report states that Dutch Ministry of Verkeh Voor Naas officials were not aware of any previous weather reports on the site ahead of the crash. The weather condition that led to the accident is a "temporary unknown," Veld flight safety safety bureau General Manager Brevin Thievreden told reporters at the scene. "The weather measured to be perfectly fine when the aircraft took off from the area," he said. "At the last minute, the data appears to have changed significantly, while it was not yet clear what caused this change." After the plane lifted off on February 24, it blew out its power and slammed into a gate gate near Nijmegen, north of Naacp. A police fire engine treated the plane's nose. Then the plane ran out of fuel and capsized in the hangar. The fire department spent nearly six hours looking for the plane's fuselage. It was found at Nijmegen airport, about 100 miles southwest of the North Sea city of Rotterdam, the safety bureau said. Several witnesses said the plane would have been easier to see in the dark. "The aircraft had an altitude indicator ... and this was not followed properly," Thievreden said. Authorities said they launched an investigation and have begun searching for the plane's possible cause. The Dutch state-run Flight Safety Bureau and a NATO air safety monitoring group have been investigating the crash. Among those killed and injured was the Turkish pilot and all the passengers on board the plane, which was headed to Istanbul, according to Enea Shaider-Smaeddin, a spokeswoman for the Turkish national airline, Dardanelles. The Turkish probe found the plane had been to see the Turkish president, Wasim Medin, Daeviz Doğan said. Muhammed Kambara, Turkish ambassador to the United States, said the crash was a result of poor management in the pilot's section of the instrument panel. "We have seen a poor management of the flight instrument panel that led to the accident, which seems to have caused a loss of air control ... this was the fault of the pilot, we will deal with this in the near future, as he left the country for the new duty assigned to the rest of his service in the United States," she said. CNN's Mren Akar in Istanbul contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Power-driven wheelchairs are costing Medicare and its beneficiaries nearly four times what suppliers pay for them, and competitive bidding could have reduced those costs, according to an inspector general's report released Wednesday.|||Glidea.com caption: 'A stunning new hospital technology' says separate government report. "A hospital's cable phone that connects to the 1,600 nursing home bed is connected to an internet service" so patients can use the service, the report said. Instead of providing bed beds to patients, the Internet-connected chairs should offer wide coverage such as Internet access and wi fi, said the report. Of the equipment that went on the books in 2005, only 393 were still in operation as of October 2007, Medicare said. The device, a motorized wheelchair with a beam beam from the front, for instance, could reach as high as 35 meters. It's a large raise over what the medical device maker charged its third-party providers, Theresa Richards Corp., for 23 wheelchair-related medical devices in 2004. Some of the expenditures include electrical, fuel and labor charges for more than two years, it said. It also covered care for more than 105,000 people who suffered brain injuries, the report said. Older people who experienced back pain suffered injury almost 50%, it said. Grants like these, which the manufacturer helped provide to patient's health care providers, cut into Medicare reimbursement and could prevent many of these costs, according to the report. It also said that a fundamental change in budgeting practices at the agency could have saved the government some money. "If Medicare had set its own buying incentives as it did in 2005, it would have preserved the Government Office of the Dental and the disabled Hospitals during the medical model shift from motorized to motorized wheelchairs," the report said. The report recommended that U.S. General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, Siemens, General Electric, Volvo, Caterpillar, Akamai, Praxair, AeroVironment and Baker-Tree solicit proposals in order to supply energy-driven motorized wheelchairs for Medicare. Those recommendations were carried out by a federal agency on a joint review by U.S. and EU authorities. These four manufacturers were selected because of the benefits the Medicare-funded plans give to seniors, the report said. Other beneficiaries from two states and the District of Columbia paid less for power-driven wheelchairs because they did not receive government health care coverage. Gov. Sam Nunn of North Carolina, for example, who directed the program for many seniors with diabetes, was praised for how the wheelchair drove up his state's poverty rate. "The Medicare riders get the last hurrah," Nunn said. "The ability to move forward is something I'm just thankful for, and the ability to get help can be amazing." The 2010 manual for the disability program says it won't happen again until higher-than-legal federal and state funding for wheelchairs is approved in 2011. But they also say many beneficiaries will need disability benefits, meaning that they may not have enough money left over after getting older. Final administrative rules were put in place in March 2009 to help the government fight back, the report said, saying "more than half the items that are missing." In nearly every state that has gone into effect that year, millions of seniors need wheelchairs or have had their paperwork bounced out of the agency, it said.
(CNN) -- Larry, one of the employees you supervise, hasn't been performing his job up to expectations. But you've been reluctant to take him aside and speak with him candidly: Like most senior people in the company, you are white. What if Larry, who is black, takes your criticism the wrong way or, worse, thinks you are racist?|||Larry is tired of listening to the same tired, same old bull-in-a-china-shop noise. You're director of human resources for a local government company, and you expect good behavior from your staff. You've been trying to give Larry feedback over the past month on his performance, specifically about the way he was handling an engagement with a potential new client. But you've been reluctant to take him aside and speak with him candidly: Like most senior people in the company, you are white. And with most senior people in the company, Larry is black. Yet something in you is a little off. It's not like you've been thinking about whether his lack of performance is a problem, or if it's something you can work around. Larry has already become a target for bullying, and not because he didn't deserve it. But that's because he's aware of it. And that means you will have to act like you do if you want to protect his privacy and dignity. What if Larry, who is black, takes your criticism the wrong way or, worse, thinks you are racist? I recently asked a visiting black sociology professor at the University of Miami, Michael Thomas, to help. After his research showed that bullying against African American men had been promoted by students at his school, he decided to send a letter asking students to intervene. He sent us a couple of names in order to identify him, but I still don't know the rest of his contact information. My next letter is to students, parents, faculty and the human resources department that has been trying to help Larry find a way out of his problem. I also want to know what you think of Larry's latest problem. Maybe you think the problem is rooted in racism. Maybe you think his partner treats him differently. I feel angry that racial bias or stereotyping is okay. We are a diverse society, but what we can do to combat it -- and to do so respectfully and respectfully -- is all that's required. It is important to address these issues with our students, parents and the university administration. Part of our obligation to students is to try to prevent racial bias in teaching and, in general, engage in a dialog about diversity of thought and ideas among our students and their parents. That said, some universities are racist or both, and that has to stop. We don't want to be shown this type of bias. I want my students to see that it's OK to embrace diversity -- that it's just that they have to show up for class and to do their best. As well, we have an obligation to teach them about diversity of thought and to bring their students' expectations up when required. As much as anything else, you also owe it to your students, parents and faculty to find a way to create a positive role model. My question to you is this: If you don't change what's wrong with Larry, who is black and who just happens to be white, is your country going to let him go? He has the opportunity to learn from your mistake and get a job that will benefit him, his family and society. You think it's important to stand up to racial bias? Ask your supervisor, his boss and/or your department head, and demand they show you just how truly terrible you think this sort of behavior is. I just need to know the name of this person and the reason they were bullied. Could you be that person?
(CNN) -- An uncle of President Barack Obama who was arrested last month for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol has been released from custody.|||The arrests, which began October 13, began when Justin Alexander Smith, the 27-year-old nephew of President Barack Obama, was taken into custody by police on a roadside stop in Charlotte, North Carolina. Smith also had an arrest in Raleigh, North Carolina, last week in connection with similar traffic charges. State authorities learned that King was involved in a high-speed crash involving a small boat in Raleigh on October 12. In that case, King's sister, New Duchess Grace, died in a car accident in early November. A judge at the time ordered three months in jail on all charges against King. "We're just hoping that he gets the support that he needs," Mayor Gary Ayers of Charlotte told CNN affiliate WNCN after hearing from Edwards. Edwards said he had a "very good week" from the crash, according to CNN affiliate WSOC. Last week, Kansas City, Missouri, Mayor Sly James, who is a cousin of King, said he received news of the arrest from his granddaughter, Justice Christie King. "We couldn't be more pleased," Justice Christie Smith told CNN. "Thank you for the support." After the press conference in Kansas City, Thomas King said he wished his nephew all the best, according to CNN affiliate WCNC. Justice King said he did not want to prejudge whether his sister was going to face charges. "She has denied the allegations. She's worked for the law and expected to file these charges in a grand jury," he said. A judge appointed by former Gov. Mike Huckabee announced that the grand jury would not indict King after it came up with information that led to the arrest. CNN's Chris Johnson, Jack Benning and Jeffrette Barrett contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A rare snowy owl was in stable, but guarded condition on Thursday after apparently being hit by a bus just blocks from the White House.|||Sky owl -- a 23-foot-long snowy owl that was found Wednesday on a bus outside the White House. He was flown by air ambulance to an undisclosed Virginia hospital and, according to a spokeswoman, appears in fair condition. The owl, which was found about 200 feet from the White House at 601 Pennsylvania Ave., was hit by an eastbound bus passing through a checkpoint between the main post office and the walkway between the end of the Wharves and the bus terminal. No one was injured in the incident, according to the Washington Post. The owl -- which can grow as big as a grown man or two -- was taken to Fox Humane Society at the White House. It is rare to see that snowy owl at the United States, according to the National Audubon Society. It is best seen in the Chesapeake Bay area. The main bird that most Americans hear talk about is the bald eagle, which might mean they're watching for owls there. CNN's Perry Chang in Charlotte, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
(CNN)What if a dachshund and a pit bull got together?|||What would happen if these two dogs got together? It wouldn't be the first time, but those situations could be out of the ordinary for the public to see. A 2007 Suffolk County, Connecticut, incident led to the rescue of 87 dogs in the area -- including two pit bulls, a dachshund and a Hereford. More than 20 people were treated for biting injuries, according to the Suffolk County P.D. and a Furby organization working to help with the case. Dog-to-dog communication methods are now being developed. Watch some cutting footage above. The owner of one of the pit bulls released two kittens from the Boston shelter. "Our concern with this case is not that the mothers or puppy may be guilty of this, but that we will hear from the victims or their family members," Paul Bjornson with The Animal Welfare Society said. "There are ways to prevent these dogs from being killed."
(CNN) -- Claudio Ranieri has resigned as AS Roma coach following the Italian Serie A side blew a three-goal lead to lose 4-3 at Genoa on Sunday.|||In addition to Ranieri's resignation, the former Chelsea manager will also be sacked by the English Premier League champions as they move into sixth position in the table. Ranieri has been in charge of the London club since June 2013, but suffered a shock defeat at club rivals Roma on Saturday as they lost 4-3 at the San Siro. The Italian side leads the league table by four points behind leaders and current leaders Chelsea after sealing a last-gasp 2-0 win over Dalian Quanjian with a spectacular goal by Gio Di Paolo seven minutes from time to ensure victory. Ranieri watched the entire game from the stands, but couldn't manage to transfer his passion to the club. Chelsea had completed its transfer window, but their success has yet to materialise. They only have just 18 games to book their place in next season's Champions League. Roma could not even keep up with Graziano Pelle's side, who beat Panathinaikos 3-0 at home to sign Champions League winner AC Milan. In the English Premier League they finish 10th in the table, second in the Champions League behind leader Liverpool. As Roma watched on and escaped relegation, Serie A's relegation zone could fall to Roma if Domenico Tedesco's side lose to Lazio on Tuesday. Born just one day after Ranieri was made head coach, the 64-year-old fell out of favour in June 2013 when he arrived at Rome and threatened to abandon the club. Unlike Ranieri, he told reporters that he still wanted to play in the Champions League after the move but also felt "he had to decide whether he wanted to be at the club or at Chelsea." He was finally persuaded by supporters, who had urged him to stay in the top job. In some matches, he worked to avoid the media attention. He took part in three games at Real Madrid, where the title-winning Spaniards were knocked out on Saturday with a 5-0 defeat by Real Salt Lake. Inter Milan won 1-0 in Barcelona. Stuttgart thrashed Bayern Munich 7-0. The results brought a group of bad days for Rafael Benitez who lost 6-0 to AEK Athens on Saturday. However he will be safe. Manchester United lost 7-2 to his former team at Old Trafford to fall 12 points behind. It is a result that sent him packing at Stuttgart after he was summoned by his club but also saw him let go by the German club to unnerve Bundesliga side Hoffenheim. The game ended 4-3 as Xabi Alonso gave Roma the lead on 68 minutes. Ferdinand scored from the penalty spot in first-half injury time as Roma struggled. Vinicius Junior sealed the win for San Siro with a fourth-minute winner just before half-time. Milan went down 2-0 at home to Italian club Fiorentina, where goals from Vincente Lunardi and Lionel Boumoukry sealed victory. Gianfranco Zola notched a late late consolation for Milan. Roma face Udinese on Wednesday as they look for their first win since December. Record six-time league winners Roma will leave for safety after struggling to come back from a 4-2 defeat against Udinese. ©AFP.
(CNN) -- The head of Homeland Security travels to Arizona Friday, a day after Mexican authorities questioned two men in a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border.|||The man and woman survived the shooting near Cochise Pass on Thursday, according to witnesses. It happened just as a group of people were about to take a bus from Calexico, Arizona, to an expected border crossing, said longtime customs and immigration official Lloyd Boehner of New Hampshire. "Everyone was just going about their business and that's the way people normally do it. ... There were no indications whatsoever that they came here to do any kind of illegally entering activities, either on a family, on the streets, or to visit or to get with their families," he said. Boehner said the operation that is in place in Cochise Pass will include the turnover of the primary law enforcement agency and Homeland Security forces assigned to the operation. That will be followed by a meeting of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in Boston, the city where Border Patrol officers conducted a rapid response operation last month that was timed to minimize racial profiling, said Boehner. Before heading out to work at the border, he said, Border Patrol officers should "take a moment to think back to our very history." "In some cases, we take it literally -- we'll be out there in 24 hours trying to work with our officers at the border, to make sure that's our true role, which is to protect law-abiding people," he said. "So as you go to a large survey and meet with the federal agents there, you'll meet this point in time and discuss the facts of the crime." Immigration and Customs Enforcement said the sheriff's department will join the joint investigation led by officials from Arizona, New Mexico and California. So far, it has arrested two people on suspicion of involvement in the shooting, which occurred after a routine patrol late Thursday and early Friday. The FBI, Border Patrol and Mexico's attorney general's office issued a joint statement and a statement Thursday, in which they said law enforcement officials are cooperating with the FBI's investigation. "Local and federal law enforcement are working closely to investigate this crime," the statement said. "Security is our first priority and we've offered to work closely with the local and federal authorities to ensure that your families are properly protected." Enforcement agents have been instructed to be vigilant and to use physical force if necessary. Federal law enforcement reports state that immigration agents are allowed to carry handguns if the real object of their employment is the threat. The statement also said the agency will make efforts to use any means necessary to keep firearms on its property. But it did not say whether agents were wearing "any type of protective gear or protective clothing." Dozens of agents have been assigned to the incident, according to the statement, and a local sheriff's deputy may also join the team in southern Arizona as well.
Cairo (CNN)ISIS has a new residency in Egypt, according to a YouTube message posted Sunday.|||The group issued a statement from a spokesman for the Islamic State, calling on the people and nations of the Islamic world to come together and stop supporting Egypt and to stop its rule of "freedom, humanity, and the rule of good will for its own people." He denied the statement was true. Islamist groups usually have residences overseas, but ISIS has wanted Egyptians for at least four years, according to the Egyptian government's Information Ministry. ISIS was also mentioned last week in an international CNN investigation about the group's fugitive leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. ISIS now has 30 members of its leadership in Egypt. "We will fill the positions of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and his companions," the statement said.
The military's equivalent of the Supreme Court overturned the conviction Wednesday of a Marine found guilty of murdering a civilian during the Iraq war, saying he was interrogated after asking for a lawyer.|||A judge in Australia has overturned a conviction against Sgt. Richard Johnson. He was ordered tried in August 2004 for killing a civilian during an interrogation. Johnson claimed that the tactics used against him were torturous, especially a gas mask. His lawyer, Samuel Watson, said he should have been sentenced to 15 years behind bars, with minimum credit for time served, as he was accused of killing the man, Specialist Mahmoud Abdul Rahman Ajmar. The court, which met Wednesday in Melbourne, is the country's highest military court. The attacks happened at an al-Jadidiya military base in Abu Dhabi in May 2003. Deputy Defense Minister Sean Casey said his government will never investigate or convict the military crew whose jeep penetrated a barrier over a mile deep into Iraqi territory, killing Ajmar. In addition, the court says it's impossible to conclude that an interrogation was performed when an innocent person may have had his throat ripped out. "The military torture and death threat techniques were used, which were condemned and suppressed," said Watson in his arguments. Daniel Olson, Mr. Olson's attorney, was also arguing that he had the right to an attorney at all times during the trial. In testimony earlier this year, Johnson said he was "surprised and then felt his testimony was not credible" when he was questioned by interrogators about the June 2002 killing of civilian Umm Khasr al-Jadid. "When they said that they would not carry out any further interrogations after November 8, 2002, I agreed and wanted to ask for counsel so I could argue it," said Olson. In court testimony, Watson said he believed Abu Ghraib had been attacked, prompting a debate over the use of interrogations by the United States and by British intelligence. Watson said the United States should be able to provide information to the Americans about the attacks from Islamic State forces and would not have the CIA's help in conducting the interrogation. "Without the U.S. military providing intelligence support on Umm Khasr, nothing is possible," Watson said. "If it were that simple, it would be a much different situation." In its ruling, the court said it was "perfectly clear" the military violated the rights of Johnson. "With the support of the military courts," Watson said, the court concluded "our legal system was in desperate need of increased confidence that the proper legal process would be in place to address the facts of the case." AQAP -- an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State -- has designated fighting in Iraq and Syria as a terrorist organization, and the country continues to receive over $2 billion in annual funding, while its president prepares for a withdrawal. Muslims and non-Muslims continue to protest against the violence, but many of the protests are peaceful.
(CNN) -- The Okavango Delta is one of earth's remote places; it is not easy to get to, and it is quite wild. Independent travel there is not for the inexperienced or the faint-hearted.|||Mike based in the Lower Okavango Delta, a region 10,000 kilometers (6,000 miles) northeast of Swaziland, a visitor might have always known it as the "rocky back country" or the "skyhorse ranch." But, not long ago, plans were put in motion to shift its reputation to the "cold wing country." Today, three Scandinavian countries are actively involved in developing projects and showcasing children's culture in their local areas. This initiative has brought together four German groups who all share the same passion for the world's fauna and flora. Pioneers of the push have taken advantage of the technology at the local level and built a workable base to work from, in order to explore all the more culture and diversity that exists in the Okavango Delta. Read more: From the wilderness to the hinterland.
(CNN) -- Some headlines are hailing her as the bravest woman in Mexico. Marisol Valles Garcia, all of 20 years old, says she's just tired of everyone being afraid.|||The violence in Mexico borders both East and West and, like so many Mexicans, comes from the drug cartels, narcotics, especially human trafficking and their influence over politics. Joel Velasquez, a family friend, does not understand the phenomenon, but Valles Garcia does. "Every day, there are killings and detentions," she says. The violence and violence in Mexico has gone beyond ordinary killings and gang shootings to a new milestone -- 100 murders per month in July. The toll has reached record levels. "When we're not in the streets, we're in our cars and we're stopped by armed men and they kill us," Valles Garcia says. Those armed men have come from a network of gangs across Mexico, but Valles Garcia says they also come from her neighborhood. They're called "terroristas." "They're gunmen," Valles Garcia says. "They are bad guys." Her husband, Juan Carlos Velasquez, says the gunmen have killed many of their enemies, but she's not the only person who's killed in Mexico this month. The weekend massacre occurred when a 1,500-member cartel shot and killed a number of local residents. A women died along the way, and her husband, Jose Luis Castillo Sosa of Beltran Leyva, was arrested. According to an indictment released this week, Sosa has confessed to the killings. In a Fox News story from December, he said the executions came out of a coterie of men, women and children that started "nightmare" after his co-conspirators killed four families in what he called a massacre. He called the killings "a call to arms" and said that many people are not talking about it. "Is that justice? Can someone tell me that you don't think we've got anything bad going on in the United States? We've been shot by two soldiers here, all children under the age of eight, and we all died," he told CNN. "We've all had murders and we're all still being criticized for it. We don't understand what's happening. Where do we stand?" What's the end result for Mexicans being afraid? "There are just too many things that are going on with the government," Valles Garcia says. "There are too many people who are being killed, killed for human trafficking." Who are the Mexican terrorists? Between 1983 and 1990, armed guerrillas -- believed by many to be the Unifor or Revolutionary Armed Forces of Mexico -- appeared to terrorize half of the country. Eight years after the turmoil ended, the Mexican government put the "modus operandi" on foot.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant experienced full meltdowns at three reactors in the wake of an earthquake and tsunami in March, the country's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters said Monday.|||The Fukushima plant is located in Fukushima, northeastern Japan, and was crippled by a March 11 earthquake and tsunami. The plant's operator has ordered a 7.0 terawatt-hour increase in the seawater flow to contain the meltdowns. US media have been unable to access the lower levels of water at the plant, which is in the area of the nuclear plant's upper and westernmost level. Japanese company TEPCO said in a statement the plant's reactor lost electrical power for "numerous parts of the first five days in the wake of the tsunami," and that further reactor failures were "due to continued release of water." TEPCO also confirmed preliminary findings that molten rock had reached the basement of the Fukushima Daiichi plant, the world's largest such facility, and that damage to the plant "may require "significant works and repairs," TEPCO said. "The plant... has suffered ongoing damage." The plants, both top- and bottom-down, have approximately 27 reactors. The plant originally opened in 1955. The quake and tsunami devastated the nation's northeast, and witnesses are still scrambling to assess the damage caused. The Japanese government has promised a full investigation. There have been no reports of any casualties. CNN's Scott Singleton contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa.|||Bahrain is one of the world's fastest growing societies. And the country is undergoing a transformation, from declining to rising, to opening itself up to the global economy. "Banking on banks is like gambling: there's a risk," says Al Shaikh Nasar Al Khalifa, head of the Bahrain Development Foundation. "With oil generation, start-ups, industry, housing and entrepreneurship, women can generate wealth." Most people can work in the consumer sector. "We would like to get more female participation," says Ghalila Hassan-Rhiwal, president of the Bahrain Women's Federation. "We want women who are not able to go to work, to be busy with their family, with business. So for example if they are earning tax credits, they can work part-time. This is only to give them the potential of being self-employed." About two years ago, Bahrain demonstrated its rising female empowerment by allowing women to choose their own attire. The decision resulted in a 3 million-square-foot strip mall, and a leading fashion house. It was the success of this project that led to a rapid increase in the number of women that wanted to take part in Bahraini fashion. Think unique clothing, you make a statement. Now just you are trying to dress like that. Al Shaikh Nasr Al Khalifa highlights his vision for the country's growth, saying "only a chance for women is possible in terms of their potential." His challenge is to provide the world with a more attainable standard of living for many of the women who aspire to it. "One needs to fight for your aspirations and walk the path to equality," he says. He wants to get people to understand that the country's economic growth is linked to the way in which society is structured. "We must ensure that resources are always distributed equally and (we must) avoid having disparities. It does not require that a woman wields more power than her husband." Al Shaikh Nasr Al Khalifa hopes he can inspire other women to achieve their aspirations, but he knows that he alone is one small part of the Kingdom's social experiment in becoming "better people." Visit MME to find out more about Bahrain. The Bahrain woman struggles to find business and income. She works as a bank employee and has a major role in business, advertising and marketing. See many of her pictures on Instagram and Q&A before the show. See more women in Bahrain and their aspirations for the kingdom. When do we next see us in Bahrain? Email: editor@time.com. To follow us on Twitter: @timemagazine. © Time Inc. 2011; All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- Traffic was halted briefly Friday afternoon on the Bay Bridge -- between San Francisco and Oakland -- due to what the California Highway Patrol described as "police activity."|||From the scene of what California police described Friday afternoon as a "combine of California Highway Patrol, sheriff's, and Mississippi police" -- officers on hand for a separate incident -- submerged the freeway and diverting traffic on the bridge. He said divers stopped motorists from crossing over the bridge for a time. The highway was closed for several hours beginning around 5 p.m. Friday and will remain closed throughout the evening. "As far as I know, it is still an active investigation and it is possible that that will continue into the night," Lt. Caroline Villalobos said in a prepared statement. Read more: Oakland troopers crash vehicle on Bay Bridge. CNN's Pat Sanchez and Noel Kemper contributed to this report.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistani armed forces have killed 80 militants since launching an assault on a region recently held by the Taliban, the military announced Sunday.|||Army spokesman Gen. Umar Khalid said Pakistani troops regained control of all three sections of an isolated valley that had been held by the Haqqani network in the past. While the government and military did not specify what militant group had taken the area, the military had said it was now "free of Haqqani affiliate terrorists." The Pakistani government called for a military operation against the Haqqani network because of their growing presence in the tribal areas in the country's north, along with a failure of their government and their elections. CNN's Brian Parry contributed to this report.
Las Vegas, Nevada (CNN) -- It's not just t-t-t-telephones for Lady Gaga.|||"It's Lady Gaga on Christmas!" the caller told police. When Dallas cops arrived to find a mistaken caller, the police contacted Gaga's cellphone number. The number changed from no to a valid one and the entire call-handling system was disconnected, Dallas police said. The caller identified himself as Austin Bailey and called 911 without saying a single word. The caller's name started with a station mascot, the P-F 6, and answered immediately. "Ms. Gaga here," the 911 operator told Bailey through a speaker phone, according to Dallas police. The caller identified himself as Austin Bailey, asked for "catcalling 101," the TV station reported. Then, he asked if "Lady Gaga is here" and he asked if "Catcalling 101 is even a thing." Bailey said the next 10 minutes were an blur. "I was lost. The phones were acting up. Now I have 911," Bailey told police. "And they're stopping us!" Bailey said the caller asked if "Gaga" was on a bus, and the operator told him "Yes." "Oh, great," Bailey said. "For a whole 10 minutes or so I'm sitting there and everyone starts ringing bells, making all this racket and I'm just about to jump off my desk, so I told them to keep it because we don't understand," he said. "I had to dial 911 because I didn't know what to say." The 911 system was not connected, Bailey said. "We were having a man walking up and down the isle, I just yelled, 'Babe, it's Gaga!'" The woman who hung up told police she was "fearful" of her call, he said, adding that she's been "terrified" of American police officers in the past, and will never say her name again. "This wasn't reported in the news," he said. "I really wasn't concerned. And I was scared." The director of public safety for Los Angeles told CNN affiliate KTLA that he believed those who are suspicious about the caller's name are happy with how his office has managed to protect itself. "The name is definitely out there on there," he said. Bailey told police the same operator who removed his phone. "You never get a chance to go away." CNN's Mayra Schultz, John Culver, Paula Danner contributed to this report.
Beijing, China (CNN)  -- President Obama intends to meet the Dalai Lama even though China has warned that such a meeting would harm bilateral ties, a White House spokesman said Tuesday.|||This is all for once and the nation of Pakistan will follow the path of good neighbor and respectful neighbor, Obama told a gathering of exiled Tibetan leaders in Michigan. The President decided to use it as an opportunity to meet with the Dalai Lama for the first time in his nine years as president, said D. R. Haldeman, a spokesman for the White House's Office of the Press Secretary. The gathering will take place in Shanghai, China, sometime in February or March. The Dalai Lama considers China to be his "fifth judicial district" and has in the past called for meetings with people in the region. In March, the U.S. Embassy in Beijing received a "notified" letter from the Dalai Lama asking the U.S. to stop criticizing Beijing and inviting the Tibetan separatist party known as the Qodsheri Party to Pakistan, China's State Council said. Beijing's response to that letter showed support for the uprising of tens of thousands of people whose homes have been burned in Tibet, the Qodsheri Party said in a statement last month. "China has never recognized the Tibetan people in its sovereignty, and it has put its own interests first," the Chinese official added. The U.S. has the right to determine whether to meet with the group, Haldeman said. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang refused to comment on that issue. Other U.S. officials on Monday rejected suggestions that the White House plans to bring the Dalai Lama to the United States. Haldeman urged the Dalai Lama to meet with his successor and, instead, he suggested meeting with Chinese religious leaders. Last year, he said, "the U.S. would meet with the Dalai Lama, of course, but not only him but also with the other Tibetan spiritual leaders and all the other uniting leaders of the world." He claimed that with a meeting between the two countries, the U.S. has a "significant" chance of helping the Tibetans. "The visit between U.S. President Obama and the Dalai Lama can help," Haldeman said. "It will be a powerful example of a sustained dialogue that ensures the settlement of all outstanding issues in the region and the well-being of all people in the world."
(CNN) -- With a parade of performers already canceling appearances at SeaWorld, now at least one school class says it's dropping a long-scheduled trip to the park over concerns about the treatment of whales as shown in the documentary "Blackfish."|||The experiment was to sail the western Pacific in a demonstration of animal and human love while also designing costumes and events, and raise cash to cover expenses. It took place Saturday in coastal Michigan. It was part of a class that travels to all kinds of extremes on behalf of educators in local schools. On its final day, it sails out from a hotel room that has been turned into a marine park. Seventeen of its students went to the Seattle area to watch the performances on its SeaWorld Park's 'Carnival' ride. Hundreds attended the production of "Blackfish," which shows employees of SeaWorld's iconic rainforest park as they unload killer whale skin. At one point, after performing to "Oxygen," audience member Linda Spalink says one shark, which is the species of sting ray, tears. She said she felt close to being like that when she saw it on the film. School officials say the student was asked to choose between costumes, and "instead of trying to find something and become a human and animal wonder," she went with whale face. On the final day of the school year, that school has said it will include an exhibition called "The Whale Train." The theme is "One whale," and includes a half-hour private service to the University of Michigan's YMCA at Ann Arbor to demonstrate how it works, perform yoga poses and dance naked. The public suggested other areas of study. Students from the event will attend with local SeaWorld employees on August 30, according to a statement from New York's Regent University.
(CNN) -- Somewhere out there, a lucky person -- or two -- may be walking around with a ticket to easy street in his or her pocket, purse or sock drawer.|||Police in Texas have arrested five people in connection with the seizure, which is one of 44 such seizures since October. The United States attorney's office in Phoenix, Arizona, says it found 165 devices and a bomb, an explosive and a tire iron, at a residence where they lived. FBI agent Jason Kennedy says a tip line can help investigators track down the device, which he says was placed in a wallet. It might not make its way to a convenient location, but the device enters one's GPS, and when tapped, a person can pull the trigger and detonate the bomb. The bomb was shipped to Islamabad, UAE from Baltimore, Maryland, where it was rented out, according to a spokesperson with the Baltimore Police Department. The bombs were a disguised device mounted inside a mattress, police said. The FBI is investigating 210 devices, up from 76 in August. DNA taken from one of the devices, stores DNA on the items. Images of an explosion. DNA from the bomb showed the device was made by a person who had downloaded the attack software and listened to digital noise. CNN's Jeff Burris contributed to this report.
Around this time each year, as I prepare for Mobile World Congress, I anticipate the flood of new and exciting innovations that will be announced, the inspiring people I'll be meeting and the general buzz around mobile on a global scale. I also hope that I will see more women in attendance at the show.|||As my mobile World Congress program director, I am honored to be a part of the coverage. Here are some of my goals for Mobile World Congress 2017, along with what I hope to see and hear in person at next month's show in Barcelona. 1) Let women feel connected to the innovations at the show and how they can better use the existing platforms and enable new ideas and products. 2) Take action now to create a more inclusive atmosphere, as without women, we can't have the change that is needed in the future of mobile. 3) Make sure your brand and your products communicate with people on a global scale. 4) Have a new app on your phone. Send a text message. 5) Share a photo with your friends. It is important that we have these tools in place so that we can better share the stories with the world. I hope your experience at Mobile World Congress will be positive and that you will take advantage of opportunities. Thank you.
As President Barack Obama channels his inner salesman to pitch military action in Syria, he shouldn't be surprised when he finds a number of congressional doors already closed.|||A counterterrorism expert who has spent more than 20 years talking to lawmakers about Iraq and Syria expressed apprehension that an action would prove to be controversial because the White House had met in April with the Turkish president, he said. So he brought the topic to Congress to solve the situation in Syria. "I put together a document," the National Defense Strategy expert told reporters in Washington. Since then, conversations have gotten more heated and complex. "What I have learned," the official said, "has a lot to do with the President's talk and the recommendations of the United States Congress." U.S. lawmakers' concerns are rooted in opposition to arming or financing insurgents fighting the Syrian government, not in their concern that their attacks will destabilize the region, the expert said. While it's true that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is the decisive figure in the civil war, there's no doubt that militants from Syria -- some disguised as extremists -- are the key to any military operation in the region. "While the dictator is the general of ISIS," Ali Mansour, the spokesman for Syria's political opposition, told CNN. "He is the prime strategist for ISIS." The report also concerns the role of the U.S. State Department, which is monitoring the situation closely in and out of Washington. "I do not believe it is the State Department's role to help the Syrian government or move the Americans from their post," the official said. The report also notes that Syria's "specific director for security and counterterrorism policy," Yousef al-Zoubi, earlier this month called for more U.S. involvement in building up the ground forces in Iraq and Syria, saying the U.S. military should be by the side of the Syrian people. "We should be in positions to ensure the Syrian people are able to defend themselves if our own forces are required to protect them, and we should be able to carry out airstrikes if it is in our national security interest and the Iraqi military is even needed," the official said, referring to the U.S. military's use of bombs in August and September. ISIS is a foreign terror group, but this report does not include its U.S. ally, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. The report goes on to say that the coalition is going to do "whatever the United States, and I don't mean CIA, wants," to create more problems in Syria. In other words, it believes the existing American military presence should be expanded to include American special forces. The official did not specify who the contractor would be, but most likely a coalition member, he said. It gives insufficient credit to the U.S. for its overwhelming military commitment in the Middle East. Israel accuses both Syria and Jordan of supporting terrorism and doing so illegally. It is estimated that at least 60 percent of Syrian war crimes have taken place since early 2011. It also says U.S. air strikes against what it claims is ISIS targets have killed hundreds of people. Washington has proposed imposing the death penalty on all Syrian rebels convicted of their crimes, including those accused of using chemical and/or biological weapons. For a time, it also talked about arming opposition groups like the Revolutionary Committee of Syria. But the top diplomat for Iran, Mohammad Khatib, said that Iran had held out for military action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and asked the White House and Congress to discuss options with Tehran. "Now the time for a negotiated solution seems over," said Qasem Soleimani, the U.N. secretary-general of the Arab League. "The president will have a role to play," he said. "The United States must continue to do everything it can to provide essential relief and enable the Syrian people to build up their capacity to negotiate a political process that can benefit all of its citizens." A potential Iraqi-Iranian military strategy could show the risks of confrontation.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A court in Hong Kong has ruled that a British banker charged with the grisly murder of two Indonesian women is psychologically fit to enter a plea on both counts.|||Arch: "As you've probably gathered my first word is you can always take it again," the 30-year-old British banker said to prosecutors, according to the court's official news release. U.S. prosecutors have been looking for a criminal trial for the suspected murderers since their detention after the December 2010 death of H.R. Fauzi and his wife, Goh Rzepte. It also is unknown whether Fauzi, now unemployed, is concerned about his client's welfare or feels guilty over his failed mortgage strategy. "I'm saddened and shaken by my poor judgment and lack of belief in the prosecutorial process," he told the court. Fauzi, a U.S. citizen who is believed to be in his mid-20s, claimed he accidentally shot his wife with a handgun on December 17, and fled to Hong Kong with two other people, according to a report in the German news agency DPA. Police traced the women's bodies to a secluded hotel a day later in a dive in the island's north. A search for the bodies lasted more than seven days but were unsuccessful. U.S. and Dutch authorities launched a manhunt for Fauzi, based on pictures of the victims' body fragments.
(WIred) -- Have you been wondering if that new 4G smartphone you purchased is really getting 4G speeds? Wonder no longer.|||The news is available at the bottom of this page. (Caption at the top: New iPhone 4G phones and tablets with an iphone 4G screen to see if they are really 4G.) The new iPhone 4G will no longer feature 2.4G of built-in data speed. The 4G version of the phone will begin to download data less gradually, giving you less data bandwidth, and with one carrier, Qualcomm (sq-a.cc), will be the first 4G mobile service provider you'll be able to access. So far, four carriers have joined the competition. Google's Android.com also claims that the latest and greatest smartphones with "any supported carrier" will be compatible with 4G. Samsung's Galaxy S5 already has 4G LTE support, giving it up to 10 users at a time. Apple announced last month that it will start to add a Wi-Fi feature for its 8th generation iPhone 4s (121020112) starting on December 4. We will update you as soon as we receive more information. See you soon.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The United Nations has established more than a thousand health clinics across Pakistan in the wake of widespread flooding, a U.N. official said.|||The clinic is the latest development in an ongoing effort to help Pakistani people affected by torrential flooding and other crisis, the aid agency told CNN on Tuesday. The agency, which is working with the Ministry of Health in Pakistan, is giving syringes, food and doctors to help collect the blood of patients and help them recover from the severe shock from the floods. The organization said it has set up more than 1,000 health clinics, providing health services for people in need. What do you think about the U.N. efforts? Watch the latest video report.
(Mashable.com) -- You can't block CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook.|||When Google temporarily banned Facebook's Greek community from social networking in the aftermath of last month's country's shock elections, business leaders had no choice but to turn to Facebook. But that led a fight in the Western media when they uncovered a page calling for Facebook users in Greece to be removed from the social networking site, and Facebook User ID from being used to de-select Greek users. With that option removed, Facebook restored Greek user IDs and then changed the profile picture of the Greek election watchpersons' pages to those of "CyberBash," "Cozy" and "Greek Analysis." "Mark likes 'Red Line'," Mashable journalist Darren Saine wrote.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Students at a university in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou were given a scare last week, after dozens of snakes invaded the campus.|||Hangzhou University officials said a mystery was solved in November and that one of the second-largest cities in China had been affected by it. Thirty snakes were found in a restaurant, sparking the first lockdown since Hurricane Katrina last October, according to Hong Kong's Xinhua News Agency. On that very same day, an entire class of 70 students -- complete with adults and a few children -- were trapped in a restaurant as the water rose above the submerged fish tanks that were held by the students. The snakes were moved to a nearby beach area, where they were bathed in orange water. At the time, the students were told that dozens of copper snakes had swarmed onto the restaurant's metal slabs. Some students said the snakes had begun to descend on the restaurant's other buildings, filled with students and their belongings, leading to a panic among staff and students. According to Xinhua, the copper snake's head was found in a now-empty classroom on the ground, where it had been left to live on after it was caught. It faced one of the students. "I ran outside to see a copper snake under my desk. See? Out here," he said. "It's quite claustrophobic." The copper snake also crossed a plaza on the university's campus, and was caught by stray students fishing for fish in a pond nearby. Then, students said they observed it digging into slabs of concrete. "They are waiting for the snakes to release them," said Cheng Man-jin, director of student services for Guangzhou University. "They dig themselves up at times, then they are excavated." Student Tong Lei said the snake asked her if it was a pet and she said yes, but that she had only pet the python the previous evening. Another student told local media in Guangzhou that she was afraid "for her own safety." She opened a safe space for one student to wait, but she ran inside and saw a few of the snakes, many of which were lying on the ground near her. She said they told her that the snake dug a hole and was playing. The remains of the snake was later found in the university's sick bay. "I don't know what they were used for, if they were fishing," she said. "I am just happy it didn't get bigger. We didn't capture it so easily." "You can catch all kinds of snakes...
Rome (CNN) -- The Vatican sought Saturday to tamp down rumors involving sex, money and gay priests that have been swirling in the Italian media and have been linked by some to Pope Benedict XVI's decision to resign.|||The Vatican's foreign ministry announced its intention to step in an effort to restore order to the Vatican but it did not direct any legal action against anyone. That, it argued, was already taken by the Roman Curia, the Vatican's establishment. Vatican police and the church church are investigating the matter, but they provided no further details. The accusations came a day after the Vatican dismissed a report of accusations of sexual misbehavior by a priest. In a statement posted on its website Friday, the Vatican said it has "understood" the report about an alleged scandal involving former priest Roberto Barroso. He was suspended in 2003 from the priesthood. A two-year-old lawsuit claims Barroso is secretly meeting with his former priest. The Vatican statement didn't mention Barroso or issue any direct response, referring instead to Barroso's earlier statement calling Barroso an "injured witness" who wasn't authorized to testify because his father, a Roman Catholic, opposed Barroso's decision to be named pope. Barroso resigned Wednesday, shortly after dropping allegations that Barroso engaged in sexual conduct with another priest, according to a Vatican statement. He later moved on to the media. For more than 80 years, Barroso was the leader of the Catholic Church's Religious Servants of God, and during his time he helped to give the church a reputation for celibacy. The church came under fire this summer when allegations of sexual abuse surfaced about Barroso's status, only to have the scandal end earlier than usual. On Friday, Arsenio Moscato, a spokeswoman for the Italian National Police, said no one is under investigation for allegedly having sex with any priest. "We've informed the Vatican's historical office, for the second time, and it gives its own instructions," the police said in a statement posted to its website. One statement at the Vatican's headquarters describes Barroso as "a member of our family of priests" and "not our pope." The statement says that Barroso's report was based on information from a cardinal, who retired in 2009, and it accuses him of misconduct in a letter that he refused to return. Of accusations of misconduct by Barroso, the cardinal, a Cardinal from Arezzo, says Barroso did not directly address them. Barroso told reporters that a priest in his family had fallen out with Barroso, who suggested the issue of Barroso's condition "sounds more serious than is [cited in] the story that has surfaced recently." There have also been rumors of scandals involving Barroso's role with seminarians accused of lying to Vatican investigators about their allegiance to the pope. The Vatican investigation continues, though, and on Sunday Barroso will travel to the Vatican for an annual meeting with the Archdiocese of ROME, his office announced. He will be accompanied by Vatican vice president Mother Teresa, "who is also one of the most trustworthy people in the Vatican," said Pier Maria Vita, media director at the General Services office. Vatican statement on strip-search fallout. Read more: Church in rare embarrassment for bishop
(CNN)  -- What do they have to be ashamed of?|||The storm turned off power last Wednesday, and overnight temperatures rose to 92 degrees, a bit above normal for this time of year. The 74-degree heat warmed the air by 25 degrees; 84 degrees wasn't too bad, but because the temperatures cooled off the next day, it would be hard to find comfortable clothes and an uncomfortably warm front-yard. The wintry, windy, cold weather dressy people want to stay inside wearing short shorts and jackets. The people who actually work in the factories who can clean and maintain the washing machine, have children who come home with bruises, scrapes and other diseases from the way they handle the dirty dishes. Unwashed diapers have become a culture in the homes of hard-working parents. Parents point to the evidence. Grace Furbush, a mother of one toddler, said her son has a sunburn, ribs, and burned skin, and her daughter had an alarming amount of skin on her face. The skin turned red, and it didn't look right. The treatments covered up her daughter's one-year-old sunburn. She is using clean dishes to clean the bathroom. "It's all sugar-sprayed," she said, adding that her grandmother (who gave up their home about four years ago), gave her grandchildren a soda. "You're going to get germs all over the place and you can't even get to the bathroom because they're in there in those dirty dishes that it covers everything up." "I just take disinfectant every day," Grace said. These eggs were incubated in glass containers that her mother used to clean the bathrooms. "You can see the germ in the sink ... as far as the cupboard." One of her daughters borrowed a broken glass to open her mom's now-empty refrigerator because the moms got confused, and the fish kits started tearing inside, causing her to injure herself and the kids. "I just felt like it was one of those things that wouldn't heal," she said. In the central and southern Saanich Islands, where farming is one of the province's chief industries, many parents come from rural villages where fish are scarce. The fish hatch into massive, extremely warm-blooded, large-scale eggs. They are for more than a year old -- from 4 to 5 eggs per day. They were contaminated with yellow chlorine, a preservative sprayed at a nearby chemical plant. The chemicals were introduced by the incoming tide of incoming fish in an attempt to clean the fish kills, Furbush said. The fish are using bits of plastic as protection; the fish-eaters sold the tuna. The fish killed by this result at the public-service, utility jobs all saw tainted fish and received contaminated fish-meal. A plastic tank used by parents to incubate eggs is another source of contaminated water in the Pine Island areas of central Ohio. Egg shells litter the ground on the beach. "We don't even have a beach in the Pocono Ocean," said Furbush. Swimming through the beach barefoot, with beach towels and unwashed girls nearby, she sometimes catches herself with smiles on her face. "The beach is all the excitement in here," she said. "Everybody wants to play beach volleyball." Lisa Hiatt, a mother, works for the Ohio Wildlife and Fisheries Commission. She received her first paycheck Tuesday. "The meat and eggs in the tank was surprisingly tasty," she said. But her girls were sick with Lyme disease after inhaling the parasites, and she began looking for a way to treat it. "The doctors can't really do anything right," Fiorello Opensha, one of the moms, told CNN. "They can't even explain what it is. All they can do is talk about it." If the girls could have just learned a little, she said she might have been able to get them good vaccines and release them into their hospital appointments. "A lot of people were able to catch some worms last summer." The girls' waterways were clear. Their counts of colds and flu came down. It was a miracle that they didn't die. They incubated the eggs when they got sick, and they incubated the eggs during the day. Her daughter's eggs were yellow, a sign of viral hepatitis. In her lessons this spring, Grace said she became glad she had eggs that hatched and her body was protected. She also realized that many eggs and the eggs contained no human sperm. "I saw eggs developed into chalky embryo molds. I grew attached to the eggs, thought about how this was a miracle," Furbush said. "And I think it just went into my daughter's body and stuck to her until the end." "It was a good feeling having a white chick growing up in the egg," she said, laughing.
A hearing on the finances of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will be held Thursday in connection with a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of the man he is accused of killing, according to court documents.|||Aaron Hernandez didn't pick up his Jersey after his arrest in June. "A judge ordered him to be released from custody pending any decision on his case," said Christina Markos, a spokeswoman for the family. "Aaron Hernandez can now go to his coach's private high school and continue work on his technical skills as an athlete on his own time." The Bronx, New York, native's trial was scheduled to begin Monday. A jury convicted Hernandez last year of three first-degree murders stemming from his double-homicide in a Boston neighborhood on April 13, 2013. Hernandez was facing a mandatory life sentence but was moved to an alternative prison after a court ordered him transferred to a drug-treatment facility. In pretrial proceedings, the state of Texas ruled that Nelson could not face drug sanctions for his connection to Hernandez. He was sentenced to life in prison on July 26. The lawyers representing the Hernandez family asked for a preliminary hearing to consider possible sanctions on the home Hernandez was living in. In 2012, Hernandez was sentenced to life without parole for fatally shooting Odin Lloyd in North Attleborough. Outside of his court hearing, nearly 200 charges were brought against the 29-year-old Hernandez, including premeditated murder. The federal charges against him accused him of premeditated murder. The lawyers also argued in the brief that the Department of Justice and the Massachusetts Bar conspired in bringing the case, claiming that Hernandez abandoned the case to avoid the hassle of appealing the charges in state court. Nelson appeals all charges against him. Hernandez has already confessed to the triple homicide and stabbing and has been awarded his guilty plea on the charge and sentence, New York state Attorney General Barbara Underwood said in a news release Thursday. Nelson had transferred to a high-level sports facility in Georgia to continue his training, she said. He jumped into the water once, falling face first but didn't sustain any serious injuries. Prosecutors asked for the death penalty. Hernandez's lawyer argued in his brief that Nelson had been put in a medically induced coma when he committed the crime, but in February, Nelson hired a doctor to rule out that he had a psychiatric condition. Nelson subsequently hired a psychiatric doctor to treat Nelson. The doctor found that Nelson had a history of psychosis, anxiety, depression and phobias, which may have caused his mental condition to become compromised. Nelson sent the doctor a prescription for a sleeping pill to help him sleep, the documents say. Nelson has remained in court, free on house arrest. Nelson's lawyer, Brian Hickman, requested immunity for the attorney general, which leaves attorneys with the right to seek immunity from public disclosure when it comes to cases of athletes and witnesses on behalf of their employers. A key aspect of the case is whether Hernandez's conduct in regard to hiring was due to personal or professional reasons. Hernandez's five-year contract with the Patriots ended in March 2012, leaving him free to pursue a career in football, whether as a defensive end or a quarterback, with his former legal team. He collapsed while playing hockey in Canada. An estimated $7 million was owed to the former Patriots and minor league football coach John Defoe. During his final season in the NFL, he lived in a Florida house. His favorite sport was hockey and short-handed fencing.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Ida moved into the southern Gulf of Mexico Sunday, prompting a declaration of emergency in Louisiana and concern along the U.S. Gulf Coast.|||Great Gulf of Mexico blog The End of Days showed Ida in Victoria, New Mexico on Saturday morning. .Ida had no direct wind shees with a 52-mile-per-hour wind speed. There was additional wind shear along the Bahamas coast, while just southwest of the central U.S. Gulf Coast, the National Hurricane Center noted that Ida would curve northeast toward Mississippi. "This is an extremely dangerous hurricane," the center said. "Ida will maintain hurricane strength while moving north over land." At least two people were injured in coastal areas where the hurricane passed, the center said. The states of Louisiana and Mississippi were advised to order a mandatory evacuation to clear the roads near areas reported to be without power due to Ida. The National Hurricane Center issued an emergency warning for the Gulf Coast and Mississippi.  Watch CNN's Bryant Ginn play the hurricane threat at www.cnn.com. More watch coverage » The center in Miami issued a coastal hazard assessment for all of the state. CNN's Chris Lemonis contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- While he fell short of bluntly saying, "I told you so," Alexei Miller, arguably Russia's most powerful energy executive, warned the West that it may not be able to count on Mideast and North African energy supplies as it once did.|||Russian president warns of strikes against Syria after chemical attack Russian president Alexei Miller may try to stop Ukraine's military from using chemical weapons against Syria, where Moscow still retains vast influence. "Criminal aggression against peaceful Syrian people means the end of normal rule of law in Syria," Miller said at the event sponsored by the Arab Media Foundation in Moscow. "It means the end of a longstanding rule of law in Aleppo; it means the end of the possible political transition (from a liberal democracy to an authoritarian regime)." Millions are fighting rebels and government forces in Aleppo, Syria's capital, and it has become the second biggest city in Iraq after those in Syria after Damascus, despite all its tensions. He also accused the United States and the European Union of protecting the interests of the Syrian regime and some of the regime's more vulnerable population by establishing satellite-controlled industrial facilities and building a vast military complex in Syria. But he also warned of the dangers of tyrants trying to profit off of the suffering of innocent civilians. "Our clients and their owners, the Syrian opposition (including most of the hostages) must protect themselves against exploitation by the developers and the pro-government, armed Islamist militants," he said, referring to prisoners. "Sophisticated criminals such as this must never be accepted." "The best way to tackle this is to play to the weaknesses of the regime, to protect the interests of the people; and not to add new roadblocks to the government." On human rights, the president of Russia's Investigative Committee criticized what he called the Western-backed terror in Syria and urged the United Nations to "free as many prisoners as possible." "If the average Russian citizen is a spy who does not fully fulfill his responsibilities, he should be allowed to leave," he said. Miller told reporters that Moscow may be prepared to carry out a more aggressive campaign against the Syrian regime, also criticizing the United States and the European Union. "The regime's mechanisms of power are fully effective and want to be observed everywhere, including under the rules of the International Criminal Court," he said. "This new position allows us to achieve three things: reduce the number of domestic and international sanctions, clarify differences in policy, and ensure a safe and healthy environment for human beings." "We are launching a new strategy to prevent Russian oil sales, and in addition, we will intensify the use of collective sanctions so that further damaging economic consequences to Europe will not occur," he said. He said last month that the moves are designed to stop Russian oil from flowing to Europe. "Russia is not willing to burn its own oil, and we will not have the presence of mind to expand production of oil in Europe." Miller said at the meeting that sanctions could hurt Europe, the United States and most of Europe, as the governments there have different interests in cutting off foreign aid. "They should hold off on spending, and the hope is that they recognize that it is only about achieving objectives, which involves making as much economic progress as possible," he said, adding that Russia would find the necessary reserves to avoid having to go to war in a hurry. "There is no question that they are concerned about the financial situation of the Middle East. If they don't see this, they would lose their sense of common purpose and therefore be unwilling to apply sanctions in this way," Miller said. The spokesman for the European Union, who is not taking a position on Russia's involvement in the diplomatic war against Syria, said Russia's actions reflected the wishes of its international partners. "Today, there is no point in punishing ourselves for the existence of the United States and the United States," Peter Wittig said. "The consequences of economic sanctions are far reaching." UK's move to reimpose economic sanctions on Russia has yet to bear fruit. British and French authorities last week warned that they will suspend U.S. sanctions of Washington if it imposes further sanctions. The West's continued use of sanctions in Iran also is a new means of punishing Russia, which like the rest of the region, depends largely on U.S. energy services. Yet the sanctions weaken its economy, leaving it with no choice but to cut its energy supplies and spend its own money to try to deal with it. "Russia is struggling with major challenges in the Middle East," U.S. oil company BP said in a recent statement.
(CNN) -- An 11-year-old boy has been detained by Bahraini authorities for nearly a month for allegedly participating in an "illegal gathering" and for burning tires, an arrest that human rights groups say comes amid the country's continued crackdown on anti-government protesters.|||The boy, who has not been identified, faces charges of unlawful assembly, unlawful assembly, unlawful riot and riot paraphernalia, and being in a place where people are violating the law. Four of his friends were arrested in their home, but they were released without incident, according to Amnesty International. The government said a boy involved in unlawful assembly and unlawful rioting was arrested for allegedly throwing tear gas canisters at protesters and threats toward the building of water tanks. Watch video about the boy's case » A month ago, the family and al Qaeda claimed in a statement they had detained Mohammed al Masri. Several activists, including Mohammed's father, Ahmed al Masri, said the father of that detainee is a member of one of the armed groups calling for reform of the government. They also alleged that there was torture when Mohammed was arrested in November. The detainees have been denied al Qaeda and anti-government influence on the government, Amnesty said. On Saturday, journalist Mohammed Shaikh Omran was sentenced to five years in prison for posting anti-government leaflets in a city. Critics have said Omar Hamed, the country's interim prime minister, has aided al Qaeda by trying to contain the protests. Hezbollah launched the biggest demonstrations in Libya for years. But the embassy in Baghdad welcomed the latest escalation in rhetoric that describes al Qaeda as a terrorist organization. Al Masri's two other sons are in prison. News agency AFP reports that a senior al Qaeda official in Saudi Arabia, in their case implicated Ali Qassemi, the deputy leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah Movement.
(CNN)A year after a massive coal ash spill into a North Carolina river, Duke Energy said Friday it would pay $102 million in a proposed settlement of nine criminal charges filed against the company by the U.S. government.|||The Duke ratepayers, however, won't be subsidizing the cost of improvements at the struggling Carolina Power & Light Co.'s 150-year-old coal-fired plant -- with operational air quality at 30-year lows -- to ensure adequate storage is made to protect drinking water. The rise in coal ash storage, or contaminants used to store the waste, was blamed by the nation's largest nonprofit environmental group for the leaks and has led officials in state and local governments to pass legislation requiring data, including the drinking water quality, to be collected by the company to rule on ways to reduce coal ash storage. Environmental groups say the guidance suggested burying or restricting the amount of coal ash that could potentially get into rivers or waste streams was the most effective way to deal with the high level of pollution coming out of the plant's aging aging, leaking equipment. The spill, at one point at the beginning of December 2015, closed the entire power plant for more than three weeks. In the early days of the summer, Duke warned its customers, employees and guests that they might need to have their health threatened. More than 50 people were injured in the incident at the Spring Lake Power Station, which began with a chemical spill on coal ash. Since then, more than 100 people have died from the fallout, which included the leaving behind the ash, local power plants, roads and roads. Duke's private Sperryville plant in North Carolina is also responsible for the spill. In addition to the amount paid out, the company agreed to provide continuing disaster relief funds to residents affected by the disaster. Duke was one of several utilities that issued huge fines to utilities during the winter 2012-2013, allowing fines to total more than $2 billion. Officials said the fines were related to the five stormwater treatment plants running under construction in Paris, New Orleans and Girardeau, Illinois. Reports over the weekend indicated that Duke Energy engineers have found a way to clean hundreds of raw parts of its wastewater disposal plant away from drinking water supplies. The issue, Duke representatives said, has no legal precedent. The state and federal charges were filed in May 2013. Court documents allege Duke committed pollution that exceeded the drinking water quality standards in its already-expired time frames. In August 2012, Duke erupted into controversy again after releasing photos of animals in Lake Oconee. Last year, Duke submitted a $102 million settlement to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of North Carolina with allegations that it repeatedly failed to clean up its toxic ash disposal facility.
Washington (CNN) -- The president's top counterterrorism adviser says there is indisputable evidence that dozens of terrorist groups have sought weapons of mass destruction. But a U.S. intelligence official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said although al Qaeda clearly wants a nuclear weapons capability, it hasn't gotten very far.|||On that "last week alone, there's been another security threat identified against Indonesia," said Ambassador Robert Samuels, who is also the head of the National Security Council's task force on counterterrorism. ISIS "is reaching out to neighboring nations. We've seen it in past areas. The Philippines was a legitimate target," Samuels said. The Tunisian government backed by the government of President Ibrahim B. Idris seeks in part by plans to build a nuclear weapon. I think about every country," said Syrian President Abdullayef Jabal. A nuclear capability is "inevitable." Two months ago, the White House announced plans to cut ties with IS, which is based in Syria. In a statement, the White House called on U.S. and allies to seek counter-terrorism cooperation with it. "While ISIL stands at risk of more attacks here at home, U.S.-led allies must work together against the reach of IS terrorists abroad," the White House said in a statement. The United States also believes IS is threatening the stability of North Africa as the fighting of ISIS expands across the vast region. "We are ready to commit whatever resources it takes to defeat ISIL," the White House said in a statement that noted that IS suffered the worst losses of U.S.-led war, killing more than 3,500 U.S. service members and nearly 7,000 civilian casualties over more than three years. "We need to work together to increase our combined resolve to defeat ISIS and stop it from reaching its destructive potential," the statement read. Before the killing of Osama bin Laden, senior U.S. security official David McAllister said, the international community was concerned about the advance of ISIS. "We were in danger for days and weeks," he said in a phone interview with CNN. "I am a little nervous here as far as whether it will be successful." In the wake of the October 10 attack in Paris, which left 22 American and U.N. personnel and five civilians dead, and the President's vows that the United States will work with the U.S. government to deal with the situation, U.S. and its allies were the subject of much criticism in the aftermath. Authorizer of the October order was former NSA official James Fallon, who was pushed out of the next-door facility he was heading when al Qaeda took over. Security partners around the world reviewed on Friday an alleged effort by al Qaeda to acquire a nuclear weapon. But a U.S. intelligence official who is not authorized to speak for attribution, said "that fact is indisputable." The official declined to elaborate on the matter because it had not been made public. Washington is concerned the proliferation of nuclear weapons in the coming years. Al Qaeda had hoped to acquire a nuclear weapon, he said. It received permission from Iraq to use material mined by the United States. The official gave other names for the North Korean nuclear program, but the United States has not seen any such activity. In 2007, the FBI intercepted some of al Qaeda's messages, and then the Sudanese government did as well. And after the 2008 bombing of the U.S. Consulate in Tripoli, the group hid its nuclear program inside a cave in southern Lebanon. CNN's Jake Tapper, Isha Abdulrahman and Mohamed Abdulrahman contributed to this report.
(CNN)In a rare reference to the sexual assault allegations against him, Bill Cosby told a woman attending his comedy show that, "you have to be careful about drinking around me."|||In a statement made to the "Cosby Show" by a representative of Cosby's representatives, a spokesman denied the claims in the pending lawsuit against the comedian. The statement which also includes statements about alleged sex assault allegations against others, includes the following passages, but quotes from the original. "Don't know how to do this so maybe this is a small problem that I have with you," the statement reads. "But the fact is that I can be very serious about this game, and I am very concerned with people feeling nervous around me."If you would like to have the last word on any of this, please take the drink away from me," the statement says. "I take it very seriously that no one should ever drink with me but me, and in the end, a woman that I work with must be extremely careful about drinking with me, and you should also take that into consideration." Cosby's lawyer is seeking a new trial in New York. The first trial, which is scheduled to begin in October, will begin when a federal judge faces four separate charges. Cosby did not return a message from CNN seeking comment when asked about the remark, but in the statement, he claimed his role had been outlined to him at a table with "my staff." "If you want to have your last word on something, you cannot do it with me," he said. "If anything happens, I will have your ass and everybody else will know you will drink with me and not cause me any stress." "I will do the best that I can to protect myself and I think that somebody would not feel comfortable having anyone that has tried to drink with me." As part of a tour documentary he did with host Richard Pryor on why he was cast in the show, HBO asked Cosby to take a look at his first comments about people drinking around him and how they feel about him, something the show has been criticized for. He called it "a continuation of the conversation, and I have said and will say what that conversation is about which is probably why my friends would not say a lot of stuff to me for fear of anyone firing me." "Have you seen the whole Bill Cosby testimony?" he said. "Because it is very good. I am very careful, nothing's going to come out that way; people are going to think for a long time and they will feel some amount of guilt and shame for a long time." "Listen, I am very proud, we have a good life," the Cosby show on HBO and HBO. So how do you feel about the press telling the story that you're the guy who has been accused of statutory rape, of raping, of sexually assaulting at least 16 people over a period of time, of sexually assaulting over an enormous number of people. "Look, it was just one of those things that happened and the story is just not true," he said. "I made my decision, but I would never repeat it."
(CNN) -- Might there be a Tyra Banks/Naomi Campbell situation this awards season?|||Theresa Banks, left, is facing the wrath of her modeling peers for her portrayal of Naomi Campbell in "Baywatch," and her former Storm boss Robert Rodriguez tells Rolling Stone that "Be that as it may, she couldn't care less." Other gossip: Hollywood is sporting a "baby suit-gate situation," Rob Guillaume told CNN. Newsmakers have been demonstrating that change is coming this year, and Oliver Reed, head of entertainment for Showbiz 411, is keeping his fingers crossed. Among the best movies nominated this year, 'Sweet 16' (which Banks said she "absolutely loved" or "disgusted") and 'Arrested Development' (which Davis, with the help of costar Downton Abbey director Robert Zemeckis, also starred) may sweep the Oscar. "Banks plays an uptight uptight mom with a penchant for her hair being all messed up. A man and a mother in love can be a dangerous situation," wrote Ellen DeGeneres. Getting into the repertory films season for sure would help. The bad. That includes 'The Miracle Worker,' which holds a tremendous 8.3 percent on Rotten Tomatoes and is currently nominated. For "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit," Emma Stone and Amanda Seyfried are vying for three trophies, among them best actress, for that role. "Wait Until Opening Night," starring Leonardo DiCaprio, has been nominated for acting and best original screenplay. There also are three categories for best foreign language film. Watch the festival program in theaters ». The face of 'SNL' on CNN.com. Meanwhile, Jackson Winkler joins the six-year running of Top Gigs to compete for the "People's Choice" award for talent on WEtv. Watch the interview ». "Nicole Kidman is a dream girl, gorgeous, gorgeous," Banks has said. Banks wants to be remembered for her work as the voice of Star Trek III, not for her role in the sequel. "I'd love to have a second career like my first."
(CNN) -- Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday, but it gave manager Jose Mourinho little hope that his side can win the title.|||Arsenalleymancense manager Arsene Wenger will now take his squad to a trip to Chelsea's temporary rivals Manchester United at Stamford Bridge next Saturday as the two teams continue to fight for the Premier League title. On Wednesday, when the famous Old Trafford fixture was held up at the London Stadium by a bad storm, Mourinho warned Manchester United that they had "a challenge for the title" should they fail to beat Chelsea on the final day. "If Chelsea cannot beat Manchester United, they cannot win the title," he told reporters. "It is quite clear that if they do then (there are) two games left in the season in their search for the title." Pogba added that Chelsea had a target on their shoulders to beat United, but "it is not realistic to think that is going to happen" but he said it was time to play more positively. Chelsea lost 2-0 at Manchester City, but not before David Beckham and Steven Gerrard both found the net. Steven Gerrard celebrates a goal after scoring during the game. Everton are already 12 points clear at the top with another home match against Blackpool at the weekend. "If it is not that [Christian] Benteke strikes again then the FA will demand the club is reviewed and possibly could pay more than he will receive," Chelsea manager Mourinho added. Chelsea also held a 2-2 draw at home to Bangladesh on Saturday, with two goals from Raul Jimenez and one apiece from Daley Blind and Phil Jagielka. Brad Smith scored for Chelsea, with Fabian Delph assisting. It was an all-too-familiar Sunday game in the Premier League and Mourinho had predicted that Chelsea would win the title. "I think they need to spend some more time (nerves) if they are going to manage to win the league," he said. "I think we need to put more rest in our backs. I think we need to rest a lot of time, unfortunately you can't as long as they are playing and they are playing with confidence. "If the manager was asked what was his main message he would say, 'Listen, if we go and we play well we can win the title, there's no point in having a big title bid.'"
(CNN) -- A deadly winter storm that began in Southern California and stretches to Texas threatens to wreck Thanksgiving week travel plans all the way to the Atlantic.|||"I can't report to leave off the passengers in New Orleans or Atlanta," said Matthew Hughes, a spokesman for the American Red Cross in Atlanta. "We've never had a record of 90 people killed in a single state before this season." He did not know the number of people killed so far in California, which is the epicenter of the storm. Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn declared a state of emergency Tuesday after hearing of the storm's "personnel safety operations." CNN's Jenna Payne and Jodi Ostafick contributed to this report. These are the latest evacuations as the storm continues to menace airports on the East Coast, Pacific and East Coast this week. Arrivals at Pacific Northwest Airlines for the holidays are below normal, said spokeswoman Betty Mercedes. Airlines are not opening any gates until Thursday, the day after Thanksgiving. In Florida, Southwest airlines canceled 30,000 flights Thursday. The trouble started with hurricane Michael, which is expected to whip up hurricane-force winds on the coast, north of Phoenix. Meanwhile, travel restrictions were in place for airports in New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New York, Jacksonville, Florida, Atlanta, Savannah, Georgia, and Charlotte, North Carolina. The shelves of Thanksgiving Day games are looking empty, but the cancellations could be prolonged into Christmas. Travelers were reporting delays of more than eight hours and, at one Florida college, people died from falling trees and the ice and wind they had created, said Rob Jackson, a senior researcher at the University of Miami. Southern California, South Florida and northern Georgia all have prompted evacuations. The Storm has also prompted beach closures and canceled flights in Boston, New York, Palm Beach, Florida, and Savannah. Throughout the Atlantic, Michael is bringing down power lines, leaving little to no power on the ground, and several boats are flooding. The storm sent people running and jumped into the Atlantic. At least one passenger died in Palm Beach County on Monday, and 18 more people were injured in storms and related incidents near Miami. The US Air Force is sending air support, along with helicopter and other resources, to recover. In Britain, officials reported the deaths of about three dozen people when a snow-slick high tide hit a ferry with dozens of passengers aboard. In Florida, officials shut down four airports because of a high-water warning due to the winter storm. Travel to Florida is not recommended. In California, most of the storm's path passes through residential areas but runs through school zones and industrial zones. There was also a report of water in schools in Amarillo, Texas, and southern Florida as some schools were temporarily closed. And in Minnesota, authorities closed Eighty-three schools. Meteorologists described in August that two people died in a driving snowstorm near the town of Shreveport, Louisiana.
(CNN) -- The cities of Annecy, Munich and Pyeongchang will battle it out to host the 2018 Winter Olympics.|||But against the odds, Europe's Mediterranean countries will instead fight for the 2018 Winter Olympics in France. Annecy, Switzerland, and Munich, Germany, won a 3-2 tie. The Netherlands will have to wait to be awarded. It could be seen as a concession by the Pyeongchang government in anticipation of a big international sporting event. France will award the games at the pyeongchang Winter Games. But a city must follow the same rules. For those in France, here's a look at the actual Paris to bidding procedure:.* Berlin bidders had no objections to the bid from Annecy, but were against bidding for Bordeaux, France's first international city, as well as having proposed their own bid for the Games. Pyeongchang has held the Olympics since 1998.
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. military is gearing up for a possible influx of Haitians fleeing their earthquake-stricken country at an Army facility not widely known for its humanitarian missions: Guantanamo Bay.|||Manage 18.9 inmates, all are white or Hispanic, are from Haiti, not Latin American countries like Colombia, Nicaragua or the United States' home state of Colorado. They are held in a large, super-confined cell at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Inmates from Afghanistan and Australia await sentences on charges including trying to assassinate al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. The U.S. military says in a letter to American intelligence officials that the camp has 10,000 detainees, but U.S. officials who visited and met with the detainees told CNN that the Camp Leonsis is well-staffed, just not as much as other holding centers. "It is probably 150 inmates, but that number is growing each day," said David Ophulsky, a military spokesman who testified before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on Tuesday. "That makes it go more quickly. It's not as fast as Col. Larimore." The camp has almost 1,000 inmates, the U.S. military says. While some are young men, most are white or Hispanic. But inmates from countries like the United States, Australia and Mexico, many are in their late teens or early 20s, who have been mostly denied food, water or medical care, according to Ophulsky. The Category I detainees will only receive the first seven meals of their lives. Although about 800 Haitians are currently living in temporary housing, most of those detainees are at Camp Leonsis -- the largest of the country's three detention centers. This compares to the District of Columbia's Camp Leejuice, where some 800 people are living in tents, with few supplies. In addition, there are about 700 dejected galleys that contain only drinking water. Guantanamo Bay's biggest operational prison is Camp Memora. The facility has about 1,300 prisoners, mostly from Haiti. In addition, the facility houses detainees from Guinea, Burkina Faso, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Sierra Leone and Angola. The facility has an extensive list of facilities: Camp Quinsequin, Camp Los Angles and Camp Motien. In addition, there is Camp Cadet, near Annandale, Va. The facility is one of the largest in the United States with a larger facility overall, having 14,000 inmates. Capacity of Camp Carabobo is 1,000, and basic safety measures include bulletproof windows, bin latrines, stairwells and no windows that have been above ground. South Africa's Camp Gao is a maximum security prison with only about 100 inmates. On the first day of the camp's operation, the U.S. Marines conducted a search and rescue mission that turned back 27 people. Inmates were also released early because the day before, they had not yet received mail from their families. The mission ended at midnight on Tuesday.
Editor's note: This is another in a series of Business Insider commentaries debunking common tech myths.|||Mr. YouTube's online encyclopedia is a real fact. It's even more true than Factually Us, the web's greatest collection of "Bible Stories" and "Mythbusters," described by folks who helped push down tech mythbusters. The brand-new, ridiculously short, beaded droid, which did it right and was given to us by the legendary computer game developer Isaac Asimov, was shaped like a dinosaur when we got our hands on it. But we had to figure out what is made of this bizarre non-functioning machine. Asimov says this 6-pound device should be bendable: "Toward those who want to tilt it, don't! It can break. That's why it comes in broken glass." See our full roundup of the must-have tech facts of 2012. Droid ITDyno. Read more: How the official statement of the Droid is broken. But now you can print it out. Here's how much it costs for the plastic-cut droid, for $60. Don't see a box? Check this box instead. Download the official Droid ITD Facebook page. See the 'No shipping' button, or look for the free code. Speaking of free codes, consider letting Facebook friends know you already paid for the droid, too. © 2011 Niche Products/Lendstar Inc. All rights reserved. Droid Tech. See the full article here. Read the original article and read our response below. See the original story. © 2011 Niche Products and LendStar Inc. All rights reserved.
Washington (CNN) -- Hurricanes are rare in Hawaii. It's even rarer when an incumbent governor or senator loses a primary election in the state. It had never happened before Saturday.|||Wilson echoed that notion. "I think it is kind of crazy," he told CNN on Saturday. "It's a crazy one, and it's going to be interesting to see what happens." The hurricane has been churning for days, threatening the southwestern US with record-breaking rainfall, according to one survey by the Pew Research Center, and has an estimated track through Election Day. It's due to hit the east coast of Puerto Rico on Thursday -- ahead of President Obama's run for re-election. Obama has one of the highest approval ratings in the nation, and his approval rating jumped 7 points in the latest Reuters/Ipsos Poll -- in a presidential race closely watched by the public. Of the 41 primary contests, eight were for the White House, with the only other individual race for Congress or Cabinet seat being for an agriculture commissioner. The latest Pew Poll had an early vote total of 99% in Hawaii, and 87% of its electorate is from the Big Island. On the island of Maui, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy is ahead by nearly 13 percentage points with voters in the primary. Harry Koah (Photo11: John Fitzgerald/AFP/Getty Images) Saturday's Hurricane Lane passed just off the Big Island in the early hours. Local media showed two dozen organizations setting up shelters just two miles from Hilo. "Right now we're really in a waiting game," Florence ransacked a store in a Honolulu hotel, according to CNN affiliate KHON. "It looks like it's only a matter of time." But Oahu Mayor Kirk Caldwell told CNN that his top priority for the hurricane was making sure families are safe, by running shelters, housing the elderly and recovering those injured by flooding. "We're going into shelters to have workers on site doing pre-op there, but the kids are in school and that will help," Caldwell said. Aleok Parker, a spokeswoman for Moody's Investors Service, said that she was not aware of an organized effort by people to help the hurricane hit. The American Civil Liberties Union said they have asked the voter ID law for protection as they monitor the hurricane. CNN's Dani Wilson, a reporter with the West Coast bureau at CNN, couldn't locate anyone in Hilo who said they had not voted for either.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- North Korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial Yongbyon nuclear reactor on Friday.|||North Korea plans to blow up a key part of its nuclear power plant in an attack claimed by President Kim Jong Un's government, said Kim said. The device, to be called an "underground weapon," Kim said, is expected to be launched in the South Korean town of Chongjin. North Korea agreed on Wednesday to allow U.N. nuclear inspectors inside the facility for inspection, an American official said. North Korea has long demanded the right to use uranium and plutonium as part of its nuclear program, North Korea's second-largest. North Korea's first nuclear test took place in 1998. A July 2010 incident at a nearby plant briefly raised fears that the North could ignite the reactor. It didn't. North Korea refuses to say whether it has previously conducted nuclear tests, but the U.S. State Department had also warned Pyongyang that it might do so. The United States, Japan and the United Nations all took measures after the Fukushima nuclear disaster last year. North Korea faced a series of tough international sanctions over the crisis in 2007. Administrator James Clapper was chief of U.S. agencies until 2007 and recently returned to Washington. He blamed North Korea for eight separate nuclear plant accidents since 2000. Of the eight, six occurred at the Yongbyon site. Blows take place only around 10 minutes after inspections and maintenance have been suspended. High-security nuclear experts had monitored a 200,000-square-meter (6,450-square-meter) section of the site, which is protected by extensive solar panels and associated underground facilities. Once exposed to environmental gases, a low-level nuclear test would have been "catastrophic," nuclear weapons experts told CNN at the time. Government officials at North Korea are also concerned that detection equipment could be compromised. North Korea does not currently use radiation detectors at the site. CNN's Geoffrey Martin and Greg Botello contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Andrea Jaime was a student in Georgetown University's School of Nursing and Health Sciences. Yet before she could graduate and help others, she became a patient herself.|||Jaime's words remain shocking because she has no memory of ever being so grateful. The nursing student at Westover Medical Center spent six months in the hospital following graduation last spring, always sickened by the pain she saw while working a desk job in a poor parish near Marietta. She learned how to use surgical knives to cut the very metal that made her go cold, and she learned how to buy drugs -- everything from a razor to a morphine tablet -- that made her a heroin addict. But in the third week of work, Jaime left as heroin addict herself. Six months after her discharge, Jaime was married. Two years later, she became a mother of three sons, all of whom became addicts themselves. Jaime's family members accuse her of drug abuse, and she was diagnosed as an addict only last month. "She wasn't going to forget," brother James Rodriguez told CNN affiliate KTAR. "She's been a drug addict since birth. I can't remember when I first read about it in the newspaper." In 2003, Scott Nelson, Dean of the College of Nursing, said, "We could see in her registration that her family was very sad about her departure. They didn't have any doubt that she was not healthy." "She seemed suicidal, but I think it must be a dull state," Nelson said. The Nelson Family has helped Jaime pass the "Dartmouth Life Care Test," which vets out recent highway and traffic deaths. Some law enforcement officers will pick up Jaime after the report is complete, according to the hospital, but I don't see any evidence of trauma, as I am not a parent myself." But the school officials say there's evidence that she is sickened by the drug. This fear of substance abuse has eroded Jaime's faith in the medical profession, in herself and in family members, Howard Richardson, Jennifer Nelson and Robert Nugent said. Jaime studied occupational therapy, physical therapy and family therapist, and she spent Thanksgiving weekend as a game therapist. She loved football and loved attending funerals. But something about yoga and meditation was helping to repair her mental health -- and was making her more resilient than she was before her death. "I have to tell myself I am strong because my husband and children get the strength from that," she said.
An Indonesian maid has told a Hong Kong court that she was tortured for six months by her former employer, who shoved a vacuum cleaner tube into her mouth, tearing her mouth.|||An episode is said to have begun in February 2008, when a man accused of leaking a cleaning detergent-filled dishwasher detergent into a dish from a now-barbaric-smelling cat mat disappeared. His mother was then accused of trying to kill the maid, accusing her of stealing a Silk Yunnan dim sum tongs and diapered her with dim sum-concealed money. The hotel was demanding HK$10,000 ($1,540) per day for each day of abuse for more than a year and the former worker testified to investigators that there was "some kind of plan to kill her" despite her pleas that it was for "secrecy" and "control". The next day, a man accused of abusing one of the maids was charged with 24 counts of larceny. The other 31 counts say he used words such as "f**k off," "blatant lies" and abused another maid for six months in 2008. He is still on the stand in court, in an Indonesian court. The Mahsudi Apartments, where the maid was found, is due to close its doors at the end of this month. The accusation stems from the eviction notice for Malay, a Sephardi Muslim family. The maid's family is still expecting an official response from China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Security following what prosecutors say is a criminal conspiracy to force her out of the establishment and break her contract. Her alleged abusers appear in court Monday morning and will hear preliminary hearings in the case. "Despite assurances by the resort authorities to protect [the maid], the police have arrested, charged and imprisoned him," the statement from the Legal Aid Society of Hong Kong said. "According to the judge, the Korean couple are responsible for exploiting the victim's vulnerability and she is denying the allegations." His bail expires Sunday. The statement says the complaint was filed on October 14, 2008. "The Vietnamese suspects are behind bars, in a better position than they are now for their claims of freedom of residence in the town," the statement says. Nine of the suspects are under investigation for committing domestic violence, with the ninth suspect said to be on the run. The other charge is a charge of larceny and harassment. A lawyer for the Malaysian couple said the ex-employee was a "chronic loner" who is being held for questioning. His lawyer's statement is for now silent on the charges.
(CNN) -- Liane Moriarty knows playground politics. The Australian author features catty mothers, birthday party snubs and a debauched parental gathering in her latest novel, "Big Little Lies."|||The idea for the elongated story, which tells the story of three families living on a beach in the Bahamas, is based on the experiences of four women who share their family's same wedding day. For the first book in the series, its writer, Liane Moriarty created situations that mirror the dysfunction of an imaginary family. At times in the middle of the story, the main character, Liane Bay, finds herself laughing at her friends' conversation over dinner. While laughing, Bay sets off a chaotic set of events that are full of little-girl riots, riots, homicidal men and riot police. "When one mom yells at her kid and uses slurs like, 'F-ck off!' " Bay says, "She bangs the table against the wall, the chair of her family behind it, and on she goes. It's all at one time." Moriarty says the idea comes from her long experience with children's television. "They talked about bed bugs, adventures, the woods -- a lot about these things," she said. "And then with my mother and my friends, when they came back from a day out in the woods, they were laughing about this! And we said, 'We don't make books about this.' " Unlike most of the mothering mothers whose tales make the rounds, Bay didn't attend the party in the South of France. "I found her so adorable and so nice," she said. "And it was all just laughter and growing things up, you know? And that was not the case." While Bay and Moriarty may share an amusing page -- in "Big Little Lies" the main characters are 15-year-old Zoey Bellen and her manic-lunged step-father (played by her husband in the TV series) -- in reality, the whole story could have been an extremely different book if Moriarty hadn't included the bullying. "I felt so much rage and anger and right since the time that those kids came home to us. And then, as a very young person, I was like, 'Where did it all go wrong?' " Bay and Moriarty believe that as writers, they're there to celebrate the women in their lives -- rather than to provide storytelling fodder or bait and switch. "I've found that some of the issues that undergird all these books are women taking decisions and having an opinion and behaving in a way that has a harmful effect on the kid. "I feel like there's a lot of writers who are unsympathetic to mothers because their reason for behaving badly is that it may've come down to one of the women," Bay said. Watch Bay diagnose a child's triggers ». "I was very upset with the way she was portrayed," Bay added. But British author Kate Hockley remembers feeling similarly. "They were as young as me and they were playing a game like Power Rangers," Hockley said. "We were all at the back of the crowd and watching it move and would have gotten up there and were 'definitely interested' in seeing if it would've been like that." Hockley said the books she has written for women's young adult and teen magazines all address the issue of mothers not behaving appropriately at events. "It's not them telling the kids, it's them trying to raise them, [which] does create conflicts and in some ways it's unfair, because, you know, it's a parenting decision." But the book still raises a point about how they all have different expectations and budgets. Bay wonders about blaming little boys for their own dysfunctional childhood. "I have long since decided it was really not meant to be my first child," she said. "I mean, it doesn't make me feel good."
Mariupol, Ukraine  (CNN)Less than two days into a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, deadly violence erupted once again between the military and pro-Russian separatists, casting further doubt about whether the peace plan will hold.|||Massive clashes erupted in Donetsk and Donetsk Oblast last week. Most of the casualties occurred in the eastern city of Mariupol, which is just 40 miles (65 kilometers) from Donetsk International Airport, where the six-day humanitarian truce was being implemented. Humanitarian aid worker Olga Tarjanova said the unrest was mainly caused by military bombing and the kind of violence we have seen so far this week. Russia, accusing Western nations of supporting pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, has pushed the East to escalate tensions. The United Nations has called on both sides to end the violence. Aid agencies in the region said they have seen incidents of shelling in recent days, including during the death of two babies, with many reporting less damage to the humanitarian situation in eastern Ukraine. "The situation has gotten worse in the past few days ... and the fighting is unacceptable," Tarjanova told the CNN en Español Network. Pro-Russian rebels have seized many towns in Ukraine's east, prompting authorities to reopen those previously shuttered stores and bring in relief supplies. Hundreds of European diplomats and officials have been visiting Kyiv since Saturday. On Thursday, an airstrike hit an industrial zone near Mariupol, in eastern Ukraine's eastern outskirts, an EU official said. The Ukraine war's latest incident follows a 24-hour ceasefire, a Ukrainian diplomatic official told CNN on Wednesday. The ceasefire was agreed upon by rebel representatives, Russian military advisers and OSCE mediators. Kyiv and the Ukrainian military could not immediately be reached for comment. According to the European Union, which mediates the Ukraine peace process, violations by pro-Russian separatists remain far too serious for a deal to take effect. The Security Council last week passed a resolution calling on Ukraine's government and rebels to halt hostilities. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko issued a statement Friday saying that he will "totally abandon" the emergency government within 30 days of the initiative. "Concrete results have already been achieved," Poroshenko said. He condemned the violence and urged the separatists to return to "a successful ceasefire." The ceasefire tightened in the east Wednesday, with Ukrainian military authorities saying that rebels have stopped shelling Ukrainian territory, but began carrying out mortar and tank bombings. They also prevented the coalition of Ukrainian and Russian airstrikes in Homs province.
(CNN) -- A Chinese high court has agreed to hear an appeal from convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai, according to a statement released by Jinan Intermediate People's Court.|||A Chinese court ruled Tuesday that Bo Xilai, 53, should seek appeal of his imprisonment. He has been sentenced to an "appropriate imprisonment" by China's Supreme People's Court on November 17, the party said. Bo faces up to 20 years in prison if found guilty of charges that include having betrayed the party and misappropriating public funds, a "serious criminal offense" punishable by up to five years in prison. Bo was kicked out of the powerful Democratic Party of China Party at the end of October while on trial. Three Chinese parliamentarians, including a representative of the exiled Communist Party of China's highest-level executive committee, attended Bo's court appearance to support him. The sentence was finalized on November 15, when the court named Bo to a position of committee overseeing "decisive responsibility and control of the law and order of state and provincial affairs." Bo is the current party secretary of the neighboring Henan Province, which he led from 2005 to 2012. He was arrested on August 25 after he returned to Henan, and sentenced to one year behind bars. In his trial, Bo accused the government of failing to provide an "efficient and orderly governance system," prompting accusations he had seized power to the detriment of the economy and national security. Bo was the first senior party leader to be detained while on official business. His administration, which was also considered a warning to Beijing to discipline its officials, has been criticized as the "most dangerous and mismanaged in modern China." China's Communist Party formed after Mao Zedong's death in the October 1997 death of his predecessor, ruling party chief. Bo was arrested by Mao's successor's bodyguards the night of December 4, 2013, on the yacht he was sailing, the Songjiang, in the southern Chinese province of Sichuan. Bo's yacht -- a luxury slalom boat -- was heavily damaged in the sinking of the Chinese island of Misheung and closed for days before being recovered by the government. U.S. officials have criticized Bo for putting up a brave front on the trial because they were concerned he might file a public case challenging the government. CNN's Henry Smith, Nilufer Zhang and David Yan contributed to this report.
President Barack Obama exhorted Iraqi leaders to come up with a political solution to governing their nation because "if they don't, there won't be a military solution to the problem," he told CNN in an interview Friday.|||There is also no democratic solution to the conflict -- more than 50,000 people have died during a two-day offensive by American forces. ISIS is still a major problem for Iraq's mainly Sunni regions, especially Anbar, where Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was a U.S. ally against IS. As of November 5, most ISIS members were Iraqi citizens. While U.S.-led forces have executed 8,800 IS fighters in Iraq, they are less in control than other minority groups. The governor of Anbar province has been highly critical of Iraqi security forces and of the Kurdish militia that is still defending his provincial capital of Barzani. He says the U.S.-led military forces are occupying so-called northern Iraq because they oppose the security of Iraqi society and its aspirations to have a stable and prosperous Iraq. There has been sporadic fighting in Anbar recently, but this time over only 700 to 1,000 IS militants. And security has recently been restored in northern Iraq, the reopening of a power-sharing government in Abadi's government. The Iraqi capital is falling under ISIS control. The fight for power in Iraq has reached a fever pitch. The lack of reconciliation between government forces and the ISIL terrorist group has made the situation even more fragile. Political events in Iraq, the heart of ISIS. Council, and international powers are accusing the Iraqi government of "cracking down on the opposition," according to Reuters, Iraqi Foreign Minister Salim al-Jabouri and other diplomatic sources. More than a year after they were authorized to take power in Baghdad, Iraqi leaders have been fighting each other for control of the country. Still, militant attacks have proved to be far less violent than originally feared.
Lake Zakher, United Arab Emirates (CNN) -- In a remote corner of the United Arab Emirates, a blue lake shimmers amid the sand dunes.|||The Abu Dhabi airport is home to the people of Yemen who have traveled to Lake Zakher. A heavy traffic jam snarls at the entrance, and has been looming for years as travelers have made their way toward the lake's South-western end. Planes routinely struggle to gain access to the lake, and long lines of passengers line up at the bridge to the U.N. Green Zone -- Khalid Bin Zayed International Airport -- and those who pass through. Entering, however, are good luck. Six roads leading out of the country's high-security zone vanish into the distance, followed by a sandy beach. The beach site is where the Hotel Dhabi Shipyard -- run by the management company for the United Arab Emirates government and the Emirates State Bank -- is located. The hotel overlooks the Blue Golden Gate. Rushing waters are good for fishing. For years, the lake has been the preserve of several masters for luring quarry workers and young fishermen in through its mouth. The reservoir sits there for more than 200 years, providing a natural resting place for those who want to go there. The sandy beach, however, needs to be maintained. Every day about 20 people are in the area, trying to regain that much-needed sun. Credit: F.C.Lloyd. Photography: Larry Correa and Martin Rettenbach. ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
New York City (CNN) -- New York Fashion Week concluded yesterday, and the trendy, well-heeled set can finally rest their aching feet -- at least for the flight across the pond to London, Paris and Milan to wash, rinse and repeat it all over again.|||"The designers are genius, and there are no gender discrimination in the world," says Kate van Kraarz, lead stylist for the Kate van Kraarz Collection. Van Kraarz has designed brands for women for a record 45 years, and collectors and new-age pieces are her hobby -- thanks to her bespoke collection. During her remarks, she shows viewers a little about the inspirations behind Van Kraarz's garment design, as well as her personal and professional philosophy on fashion. While there have been many top-notch designers through the years, including Mad Men star Jennifer Lawrence and country singer Kate Hudson, the majority of people we interview were not attending the event for the first time. Vogue editors chose to take it seriously, with the aim of bringing it back to the once-fashionable home: high-end imports, fresh-cut basics and chic new pieces from designers such as Armani and Monique Lhuillier. There were definitely some high-maintenance pieces, which shows that all you need is some daylight and a "tap and stick" movement from those brands. For some, the on-the-fly catwalks lasted for many days. Some of the highlights were the indulgences and bold new combinations. At least half the show came from the Fossil Group, which owns Dover Street Market in New York, Victoria Secret and nearly 25 stores around the country selling shoes, handbags, fashion accessories, dresses and scarves. The gang goes to hipster soup joints, comfy theaters and food joints to visit in a flash for a belly full of excitement, and whatever has been in their head these past five days never seems to leave. Nancy Trager covered the show for the Associated Press, and explained why she didn't stop at show dates in New York and Paris. She also gave a valuable insight into the history of the high-end shoes in America. Among the most interesting pieces from the next runway show are something called the "golden boots," which she describes as "that's meant to be beautiful." Each pair was created by working with a particular designer and made out of gold, glass or other silver, which she thought was very American. Traditionally, a lot of the designers was from the United States. Past designers included Dolce & Gabbana, O.S.A., which created shoes and handbags. Berlinda Estes and Diana Bruss had a great show in Chicago. Titles like "the women's shop" and "the church" influenced many of the looks of the day. But there was something about the new release of jewelery and boots that were truly inspiring, as well as shoes that seemed to have gone from great shoes to "the most beautiful pair of fish sculpture shoes." Gardner says that she never expected to get to wear such high-end shoes, as she would never buy anything that someone had designed herself. "I thought I would buy those for myself," she said. "I heard they were my first shoes, it was probably true." Irene Sherman, a stylist and blogger, said that she only dresses "really good" vintage shoes and otherwise never wears them. There are some chic styles out there that have lasted beyond this year, too, particularly for classic and utilitarian looking items like white and limited edition gowns from Diana Bruss. Trager recommends Greenanoms, a line made by the University of Chicago that includes $25,000 dresses, $75,000 suits, $90 hats, $105 caters and $105 to Toronto's Blue Bay Trading Co. store in New York.
(CNN) -- Over the years, the Winter Olympics has thrown up a variety of competitors that defy logic.|||Bronx Games multi-Bronze Winter Olympic medalist Jason Ebert, known for his forays down slippery slopes in Russia's Albertville, captured three bronzes and won gold in 2002. The South African had a hell of a career. She set the record for the most wins in gold-medal-filled Olympic Games. Though, from time to time, Ebert's wins are taken away. Most notably, she set a record for this year's all-around best slalom in South Korea. The 2014 men's foursome saw Adam Rippon win the gold, Brittany Bowe was third, Alex Mortensen came home in fourth and Albin Ruge was disqualified for using a missile. Ingemar Stenmark of Norway -- who already leads the standings -- put together the most successful season in an all-around event this year, taking his way to third place. She is fighting to defend her title after the speedskating event but finished seventh overall. Rippon's effort in FIS ice skating, in which he lost his final run in February due to a trouble taking room in the riding's center track, made her one of the most memorable competitors at the 2014 Winter Games.
(CNN) -- The wife of al Qaeda's second-in-command has purportedly issued a message urging women to raise their children to love holy war and defend Muslim lands.|||The official State Department said Salma Beshir Issa-Ibrahim, whose real name is Al-Ayn Issa-Gibson, has rejected extremist groups' call for the women to carry out jihad, however. According to ISIS, she is "not a criminal but on the contrary, she is a martyr for the Islamic State," making her one of many extremists who "conspire and direct the jihad against the religious ideas of Islam," the militant group said in a statement. Salma's husband, Abu Omar, is the second-in-command of Al Qaeda after leader Ayman al-Zawahiri. The men are charged with killing Taliban leader Mullah Fazlullah during the killing spree in 2001 that led bin Laden and his wife, Jihadi Linda, to be killed in retaliation. Beshir Issa-Ibrahim is not only seen at center as a militant leader, the Fisa reported, but a woman who has visited the mosque of Osama bin Laden, believed to have been his wife, has also been mentioned in the past. Al-Zawahiri made headlines in 2011 for praising female suicide bombers in a widely circulated YouTube video. "These women are the face of a women's campaign, a women's battle, and for Islam. I congratulate them for inspiring the al-Ayn Issa family to lead the jihad in their part of the world," the message says, and refers to the militants' network. The message described two of those martyrs: Shahbaz Qaradawi, named by the Taliban for her dedication to the religion and that of the Muslim nation as Sheik Abu Musab al-Zawahiri. To the CIA, Hassan al-Zawahiri is also suspected of being the leader of the Women's Liberation Army in Iraq, a network that also included the Islamic Islamic Jihad Organization, according to the Center for Investigative Reporting. The Washington Post reported in December that Hussein al-Zawahiri has sent wives to fight in Syria and Iraq. According to the CIA, al-Zawahiri said his wife and two children were captured and taken to Al-Andalus prison in eastern Iraq. He reportedly transferred them to a Kurdish army base in the Kurdish region of Iraq and killed militants there, the report said. Jillian Lindsay, a former Assistant National Security Adviser to U.S. Secretary of State Robert Gates, said "Bashir Beshir Issa-Ibrahim's call against the spread of terror and idolatry" is consistent with the way the group has waged its war against Islamist and other foreign fighters and says al Qaeda sees itself as "the only legitimate source of inspiration for jihadis." According to al-Ahram, al Qaeda rejected the broader concept of violence against Muslims in 1996, when it said: "War is the response to its enemies, not towards them." The organization said the decision to continue using women was made because "they are the basis of any good policy." "Whether with our state, the international community or the regime, we will allow women to do whatever they want in their life," the Arab Public Health Agency said in a statement, describing Iraqi women as one of the main providers of health care to all U.S. civilians in the country, the organization said. "The word 'sleeping beauty' has no meaning," the AP said. The organization said Al Qaeda would not provide a spokeswoman for Beshir Issa-Ibrahim to respond to questions from CNN. The U.S. government estimates al Qaeda's terrorist network has killed about 1,300 women since 2000.
(CNN) -- For first-timers, South by Southwest Interactive can be a little intimidating.|||Sara Wright focuses on the craftsmanship and legibility of the facility. "It's a technical facility but it's a good experience," Wright told CNN. She's heading up a tech team for the airport, where the bathroom lockdown will happen soon. "I've got people in front of me ... with their own bathroom products -- the toilet paper, the toilet paper. The area will be protected," Wright said. "This is a first for me. "When I got this week started, I was just trying to figure out what to do" I decided to use a smartphone, and then I got to go on my own." Wright said she wants visitors to know the rule book for what restaurants to choose in the area. If you're feeling lost, her team suggests "calling around to a dozen restaurants along the way to determine their list of items you want to check out," she said. Plans for Uptown events, such as "Thomas the Tank Engine," will be down to the wire. "There'll be an app named Thomas," Wright said. "There will also be a Jukebox Music app that will be put out there for people." The firm says it needs 20,000 members at the U.S. operations of the carmaker Toyoda Gosei, the Toyota brand, to give the experience to people who don't have the technical experience. Wright has some advice. Read books on how to take a taxi ride, make lists of first-aid techniques, analyze roadside signs and put them on the refrigerator. "The technical details on when you can go on a short drive," Wright said, "are going to be pretty obvious." But it's difficult to communicate in a typed summary like that without mobile technology. "Being able to tell the driver when you're on your way isn't the first thing," she said. "I always say my phone is just a resource I can take with me. What I use in the car -- it's a tool." While Wright was not running a service for anyone for anyone else, she recommended seeking out small business managers. "Good people always want to know what you're doing -- if you're rushing around, in-between meetings, and struggling to find out about the school you need," Wright said. "There's this collaborative mentality that works really well for brands." While time on the phone with you may feel overwhelming, she added, "let's keep it simple." If you want to try something different from the regular menu, feel free to bring a couple of ideas. "The idea that foodies might like plants may be the best idea to do. Things you have a friend or family member wanting to get with you to pick up a plant. Foodies are also trying to change their diet. But there's all this rest for the climate." Wright's team likes writing to up the environment. "If you are building some things that are sustainable, it's essential that you have access to resources," the company says. For the Tennessee-based Wykerker Institute of Agriculture, the University of North Texas is working with the agency to create custom products and programs. "Our students are building a science education program, an advanced craft-certification program using our trained techniques. And we're using traditional proven craft techniques, like hand-craftsmanship," Joshua Wyker, a graduate of the university, said. "You must respect the Texas traditional heritage of the West." Below, details of some South By Southwest events that Wright recommends. Laura Blair, at the Smart School of Innovation and Technology in Marshall, Texas, on their website.
(CNN) -- At 23, many people around the world are still at university -- at that age, Gossy Ukanwoke had already started one.|||In 1992, through a grad school psychologist at the University of Kent, Gossy Ukanwoke traveled to northern Afghanistan in her honor to study literature and business at the Mervyn Byer College. When she turned 23, she started a survival NGO called AfghansOm.org to collect scholarship money for students' families. A young woman she met while debating her undergraduate studies and was simply trying to make ends meet in dormitory life fell through. Eventually, she met a man who would become her home life, a life she later regretted. "I don't want to be involved in one of the biggest ever conflicts," she told CNN. "But I did a lot of research and it's not what I was hoping for. And I had a really real desire to help the Afghan people and to be an important part of it." How will this experience teach her about risk and help others in similar situations? If the sentiments expressed in this column have been shared with you, you may have thought about this. "That man shook my world to its core," Ukanwoke said. "And he never stopped doing it." "I have no regrets for anything I've done. And I know what a father I am. It's where my strength is, but I can be really strong mentally too." -- Malcolm Gladwell.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Days before the start of Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation hearings, a new national poll indicates that by a narrow margin, Americans would like the Senate to confirm her as the next Supreme Court justice.|||Here is the latest poll conducted by The Pew Research Center. On its 30th day, the survey finds a large majority of Americans in favor of whether the Senate confirms Sotomayor and a clear plurality of Republicans have indicated they will support her to the Supreme Court. Republicans now own a 49% to 44% lead in favor, the Pew Research Center said. The lead extended to 53.5% if there is a death in the family between the two parties, the poll found. Sotomayor's nomination is in the middle of a complex confirmation battle. GOP leaders have said the confirmation battle will be just months away, while Democrats have countered that they fear the expected court battle could result in divided government. But both sides concede that neither side is eager for Sotomayor's confirmation. President Barack Obama has been urging senators to not confirm Sotomayor without consideration of her public record and background. He says Sotomayor is "very competent, well-respected, outspoken, and an intellectual." He would like to put Sotomayor on the court for "longer term, who is able to serve the public and keep the next Supreme Court divided, there is a need for a strong political culture and fair election system." It is not clear whether the Obama administration will seek to put the personal experience and opinion of each of Sotomayor's parents into a context with the debate surrounding her nomination. Also on Wednesday, Sotomayor's father gave her a call from prison that the youngest Sotomayor wants a second chance to enter the civil justice system. "I asked him about the money they used and he said no," former Gov. George H. W. Bush recalled, "she had several other kids in the house that he should also send back, and he sent her on with him." On that topic, the president's comment came just five weeks into his presidency. Earlier this week, Sotomayor had accepted a second chance to serve, the news of which ignited months of debate over whether she might ultimately be appointed to the high court. Now is the time to decide for Sotomayor's confirmation. The poll's final findings are as follows: Pew: 37% favor Sotomayor's nomination, while only 32% oppose it. But only 22% say they would not confirm her. 52% don't know; 26% don't know. For his part, Sotomayor did not answer the question when asked. A third of respondents answered: "I don't know." Thirty-two percent say that in the meantime, they're willing to take time to study how the current justice system could affect them. A full 42% of Republicans, 23% of Democrats, 20% of independents and 26% of white voters say that in the next presidential election, they'll consider the president and Democrats equally when determining how to vote. A plurality of Democrats, 43% support Obama, 23% support Democratic Vice President Joe Biden, and 25% remain split on the issue of the court, and 8% prefer a change in the law to overturn the death penalty on former President George W. Bush. There is a shortage of available polling data in those states, but Pew said it's "appealing" that the Democratic decision is supported by 56.8% of the respondents. Nearly 4 million people said they would vote for Obama in 2012, up from 42% in 2010. In the U.S. Supreme Court vacancy. President Barack Obama has pledged to nominate someone to the court once the Senate votes to confirm Sotomayor. Pew said Sotomayor is "considered one of the most qualified women who's ever served on our Supreme Court."
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration is considering the possibility of removing all U.S. troops in Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission officially finishes at the end of 2014, White House officials said Tuesday.|||Four million to six million troops will need to remain in Afghanistan after the fall of 2014, Pentagon officials said Tuesday. The decision came in a meeting between Obama, Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Afghan Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Rahman Zulfiqar when all options were presented to him, the officials said. Karzai, who ruled Afghanistan for more than 15 years, offered to leave U.S. forces in Afghanistan if they made changes to Afghanistan, but Afghan officials resisted the proposal, according to one official who asked not to be identified. The U.S. now spends more than 50% of its overall budget on Afghanistan. The possibility that more troops would be stationed in Afghanistan could help stabilize the region, protect the White House and help Afghan officials in Afghanistan and provide security at its nearly 60,000-strong border area with Pakistan. The White House previously said it would like to see a U.S. presence ending at the end of 2014, although such a situation is still a long way off, White House officials have said. Read more: Afghans' loss fuels fears across country. But the American military has not given up on Afghanistan. The war in Afghanistan will be a pivotal moment for the U.S. and its allies as a key ally in fighting the insurgency that torches much of Afghanistan. Read more: Taliban embrace Afghan rebels'... North Country governor: The U.S. is paying 'special attention' to the Afghan people. "We can turn the corner on our strategic objectives in Afghanistan, and this is the one place we are most prepared to go and help our Afghan allies to secure their territory and gain their confidence, and do it in a way that will support our soldiers and our Afghan partners and strengthen their confidence in their government and the Afghan people," Karzai said in a prepared statement. In 2009, Karzai announced that Afghanistan would be taken over by the United States and that Afghan forces would remain in a unity government until a complete withdrawal of the foreign combat forces. The United States is working with its partners, Afghans and international allies to ensure that the instability in Afghanistan can be brought under control. It is important to recognize and respect the sovereignty of Afghanistan so that its citizens can return home and have a stable future." For more on what to expect from Obama and the United States as the U.S. retires from Afghanistan, consider "The Enemy Within." Read more: Iran's biggest province becomes region of sovereignty.
(CNN) -- The sobbing woman pleads for help in a 911 call.|||Still, a woman and a second man suffered trauma. In the second call, the woman with trauma is having trouble breathing, and she is pointing at her abdomen area. From the distance, the woman sounds extremely distressed, according to a report from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and the Jackson, Mississippi, airport. The plane made a U-turn, the report states, but was heading for Memphis when the fireman and crew evacuated. The hospital investigated the incident, the airport said in a statement, and the Mississippi aviation accident investigation board sent a report to the airline about the incident. Alabama's NTSB said earlier that the pilot failed to inflate a low fuel oil container. There is no evidence of a criminal accident. In the press release, the NTSB also said the "strong smell of fuel fire and sharp scratches" could be a factor in the incident. The spokeswoman for the Jackson-Humboldt County hospital said emergency responders on scene are examining the pilot and the plane. The incident is under investigation, and all five pilots are on "standard security and safety procedures." A resource officer aboard the first-class flight found the pair and alerted the pilots about the incident, said reports. The flight came back to Houston before landing in Dallas. The pilots were being placed on administrative leave. The report said that the men were injured. "No matter what we do, we must take precautionary measures," the Mississippi pilot told the state emergency agency. The first-class pilot said one of the other pilots came on at one point and he realized that the crew had dropped the oxygen masks. The woman eventually began to talk to the two pilot officers, according to the report, and spoke in a raspy voice. The flight was over two hours late when it landed in Houston. State troopers searched the area and recovered the woman's cell phone. In a short time, the plane was returned to Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport. It was another flight that returned safely. The woman's voice was calmer than the first call, where she pleaded for help, the Dallas-based Airport Authority said. By that time, her husband and children were at the airport with her, and they arrived as well. She had been evacuated from the aircraft, it said.
KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's new government has converted its deposed king's opulent palace into a museum and unfurled the national flag on Sunday as a symbolic move to signify the end of monarchy.|||The change comes as the government tries to honor the civil rights of leaders such as Nambiar Jan Ahamad Hazarika, the country's first democratically elected president, who resigned late last month. India has not recognized the monarchy, nor does it recognize Nepal as the ruling nation, which has consistently fought its own independence struggle. Nepal's president had announced Friday that he had submitted a proposal to end the monarchy, and now is acting on it. "I am ready to put an end to monarchy in my country today," former President Bhimrao, a member of the ruling Nepalese Democratic Front (NDF), said, referring to Sher Bahadur Deuba who died last month. The proposal was signed earlier this month after nearly a year of negotiations. He said that the Nepalese government had taken steps for days ahead and was "close to transferring the baton." Meanwhile, the government has had a meeting with his son, Narmada Bahadur Deuba, the deputy prime minister and the country's defense minister over a new flag. Meanwhile, with less than a year to go until the departure of the country's elected leadership, a popular campaign to put down the monarchy is ongoing. Visitors must leave by 1 a.m. to avoid being seen in public, as local media offices were closed Sunday.
Moscow (CNN) -- As the Bolshoi Ballet's artistic director Sergei Filin entered the security code of his Moscow apartment, a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face, temporarily blinding him and leaving him with severe burns.|||A criminal mastermind apparently calculated Filin, who is billed as a "worldly kinetic artist," as well as an actor in his day, because he has studied with a production company in London, believes Filin represented "the last of his generation." Filin was working with Yehuda Ginsberg -- a well-known Jewish actor who made his name working in the Soviet and Israeli theatrical world -- when he was attacked in his Moscow apartment. Filin suffered burns to his face, mouth and hands, where he was sitting in an office with Ginsberg. He may not be able to work for a few more weeks, and his condition will require further treatment, his wife, Irene Filin told CNN. "What is essential is that I don't let down the spirit of my country," she said. For now, Filin remains in hiding at his family's headquarters. The attack comes nearly two weeks after a group of 20 masked people with masks assaulted former Israeli teacher David Sapirski at a nearby bar. Six of the 18 people arrested -- and 17 released -- all men were in custody Thursday. The group, led by former Amsterdam City Councilwoman Gianna Spitzer, named Igor Todnikov as the attacker.
(CNN) -- Militants in Iraq have taken hold of nuclear materials at university science facilities near the northern city of Mosul, the Iraqi government has said in a letter to the United Nations.|||The federal government has made two rare public warnings to the United Nations on Monday that it is concerned that the Islamic State group, which rules out such cooperation with the Iraqi government, has infiltrated military facilities and other government facilities and weapons stores. The Iraq Ministry of Science, Oil and Technology said the Shiite extremists have taken over at least 21 villages in al-Mujahedin province, including several "unmanned artillery sites," dealing a major blow to Sunni Arabs. Although the Iraqi armed forces claim various tribes and affiliations, the report did not specify who the militant forces are. Al Qaeda militants have claimed responsibility for attacks on Iraqi sites. But many militant attacks have been carried out by Muslim or Sunni minority groups, leaving them unclear on who is to blame, if anyone. Sunni militants are mostly Sunni and Shiite members are often linked. Some Sunni militants have said they will "fight (the) Yazidis for their rights," while some are Shiite. An estimated 60,000 militants are in Iraq from Iran. The Islamic State has also targeted former Iraqi Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, and former Prime Ministers Nuri al-Maliki and Tareq al-Hammadi, according to an U.S. military report last month. The United Nations has closed its Iran nuclear trade with Iraq over security concerns. It still does not have access to the Middle East, the council said at the time. Iraq's political leaders say they are in negotiations with Islamic militants and welcome the development. But U.S. officials say that existing cooperation is not enough. Iraq is the Middle East's largest economy and is considered a "global player in the economic affairs of Iran." After weeks of negotiations last year between Iraqi and Iranian officials, the parties agreed to use a truce to calm tensions, which included "nonlethal measures." On Wednesday, Hariri announced Iraqi President Anwar al-Sadr's announcement that the Iraqi government will order weapons to the security forces and aid forthcoming Iraqi recruits over their high degrees in electronic engineering to help, according to an IAEA report. Iraq's Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki said Hussein's government will promptly speak to the international community, according to the IAEA. "At this critical juncture, it is with deep concern that we make this announcement," he said. "We are praying for the safety and security of the Iraqi people and for the peaceful coexistence of Iraq and Iran." But many living in Iraq, like many Iraqi Muslims, have expressed doubts about the progress of Iraq's nascent democracy, and political analysts remain divided over how to implement its political program, including whether Iran should formally approve its participation. In the absence of regular reporting on the situation in Iraq, Iraq is unlikely to get the attention of international agencies to protect Iraqis, according to the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq. Iran seeks better coordination, more transparency, says IAEA report.
(CNN) -- The evolution of drones continues.|||The FAA also wrote down the names and real-life experience of 18,000 of the drone’s 2,000 pilots and navigators and some more than 200 global air traffic control systems, suppliers of drones and commercial cargo flights, which include rescue operations and passenger flights, using the robots. The FAA has also approved the use of consumer drones to fly as cargo or law enforcement, and usage of commercial drones to allow an open source data system to search for a leaked document. To date, drone pilots and navigators have flawlessly spied from the air. "We've been teaching drone pilots to join our programs," said Larry McDougall, the FAA dean of unmanned aerial systems and aircraft design students. In addition, Muir College is bringing drone theory to students in the aviation program. In addition, 12 pilots and 10 navigators are used to using the UAS that is built by M&T Aviation.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- The Pakistani government convened a meeting on Monday of nearly all of the country's political parties, in an effort to consolidate broad national support for its military operation to crush Taliban militants in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley.|||T has been designated an enemy province of Pakistan. The United States wants Pakistan to respect the rule of law in general and to develop a new political system based on the rule of law, rather than privilege. According to Pakistan government media spokesman Abdul Qadir Tareen, a level of political agreement is needed to move forward the war against militants, which the United States and its allies have been pressing for for many years. For decades, the Pakistani Taliban have held safe havens in Afghanistan, including one for Pakistani military advisers in the province. However, in September the United States called on Pakistani forces to head home so that it could move into territory that Taliban fighters seized two months earlier and had taken control of the mountains of Swat Valley in the tribal region. It is challenging that an entire nation had seen it through, specifically because the visit was hosted by the cousin of Taliban leaders Mir Hussein Ali Bahadur Talib, a Sufi leader, reported from Pakistan. The terrorist Salaf Shehbaduddin declared it was a "heinous and blood-filled" "final mission." The United States is also concerned about the Taliban's ability to establish a base in Pakistan without the military or civilian leadership's approval. "It is making many thousand Pakistanis fear for their lives," said an official from the U.S. State Department. "All these names 'terrorist' are being thrown around like it is a playground for a few scores of people with no academic credentials or position in some position and no civil society without the respect of society and the principle of humanity." In the past, his countrymen have called the recent threat of an attack a militant's "conquering war," based on the Bible, that had killed more than 20,000 people, according to a U.S. State Department report. "Mr. Jahangir has repeatedly told the Pakistani army that these challenges cannot be fought in the fight against a single party and can only be confronted by Pakistanis -- members of the armed forces of Pakistan," the U.N. report said. "This is going to be a difficult task for the U.S. and for the Pakistan army, which is waging this military and economic war against a group that preaches the message of evil instead of of adding support to efforts in democracy. The fact is, America does not want Pakistan to win the Swat war." He expressed concern that the situation had spread beyond the safety net. A Pakistani Taliban spokesman, Samiullah Mehsud, told CNN that the military operation against Taliban fighters had started in Karachi, Pakistan's largest city. "This is what has happened," he said. "Even though the nation's hockey team has lost their World Cup, they fight even now. Now Pakistani cricket is in one game cricket is being played in the swat. They are doing well."
(CNN) -- A Russian television reporter was killed Tuesday while covering the crisis in Ukraine, according to state-run media.|||And there, he had contact with Vladimir Shkrelov, the head of state-run media in Russia. A photographer who arrived to join a convoy Monday afternoon was attacked and injured by protesters, and others were ejected, the state-run Tass news agency said. He was found dead in a Ukrainian town south of Kiev, during the violent street clashes in the eastern part of the country. A Ukrainian journalist has been killed in the city of Lviv. Spokesman Victor Nyala said that the Polish reporter was gunned down by a gunman during clashes with students Monday evening. A cameraman accompanying him was snatched and assaulted. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called on his supporters to "develop a new strategy for dealing with the crisis." Russian foreign ministry spokesman Mikhail Larionov also addressed the violence, saying that Moscow considers Ukraine "a critical part of the international community." Russian media have called on the Ukrainian government to "take measures to de-escalate tensions and to not allow rioters to attack journalists." Russia has spoken out against the Ukrainian government in recent days, calling the failure of Ukrainian officials to keep a "state of emergency" in place. "The politicians are, and should be, responsible for the security situation in Ukraine," he said.
(CNN) -- I was a high school student in 1983, when the video for "Thriller" was released, getting plenty of air time on MTV. By then, the network's "M" could just as easily have stood for Michael. It was an event.|||But I always really appreciated Michael Jackson's breakthrough success. Not surprisingly, I was instantly drawn to his late, legendary singing. "Thriller" featured Stefflon Don, who I admire so much for having helped Michael's song "Breathe" win at the Academy Awards (which was then called the VMAs) in 1984. He rapped on top of a skyscraper, a skateboarder crashed into a Washington airport in 1984 and was carried down a metro on an ice skating rink. You could always see that he was leading a life that had more to it than he appeared on the surface. "The world wasn't what it is today and much of the press was getting away from the tune as soon as we were finished, behind bars," Kid Rock said in an interview with Rolling Stone in 2002. Indeed, it still was, by the end of the decade. But there had to have been some element of truth to it. Or it didn't pass the test of time like some other "M" era hits have today. What could it possibly mean? This is not an attempt to be cynical, but it is the best possibility that exists: There is something to be said for the creation of lasting joyous memories of the best moments, at least for me. 'We still talk about that day.' On Friday, I made an attempt to reach him on social media via Instagram. Looking through the photos at first, the first picture I saw was ClickBait's' "M". It followed shortly after on Instagram. But when you are trying to put together your day, you might not be able to find an outfit that isn't wearing your father's hat or your father's mug, or even your father's mug. "We still talk about it like it was a dream. Don still talks about it like it was a dream. Don still has the leg kicks! I'm still trying to create what you all think, what I think is special about it," Bruce Leggett wrote on Instagram. "Watch this." (As does my Instagram Instagram.) "He's writing." And he began trying to live up to that dream. His watercolor wall art which was done on the video stems from his artwork when he was a child: it is all red, blank black and orange. It's a father's stump. In the mirror, it would have been a complete picture of a grinning face, but the close-up caused him to look a little sad and tired. Making a $1 million paycheck as a recording artist as he promised, I wanted to give that gift to my stepmother (and stepson, who also uses that name) as the reason for her falling away from work. I started Go90 with the same stage name and changed the name of the site when I found out that MTV was launching an online TV network, Mtv. Now, VH1 and MTV Sports, where the site aimed to increase consumer awareness, is another testament to the rise of MTV. For those who like to follow along, check out our video archive as well as the staff's shows and blogs on MTV.com, our music video archive, the VH1 HD and MTV Games Network, our website and the VH1 Music and Video Network.
Check your Facebook mail lately?|||Check your Facebook mail lately. Maybe the viral scam email that was posted Monday by "Dr. Scott M-Anderson" from Snopes, the website for Marijuana.com, has been bothering you lately. Now that you have Instagram, you get to see more of the junkie spam. The question is: Did you like what you saw on the Snopes page? Snopes.com: One Facebook post said that the drug 'marijuana' is dangerous and that "It's ... a fake drug..." The sender of the message told a shady marijuana salesman that he had thousands of dollars invested in marijuana farmers in the United States. Recently, the other Facebook user who had received this spam got a warning from Snopes.com: John Nelson of Philly.com: "While receiving lots of spammy e-mails from strange people who claim to be Dr. Scott M-Anderson, are we threatening the lives of Mary Goins and Martin Luther King? ... We had a conversation with Dr. Smithers, a public health officer, and he adamantly denied that the information he is providing in the Facebook post were false. We can't ban, prosecute or treat the fact that we have so many marijuana felons and defendants and that heroin is a dangerous drug, with some even reports of murders and many, many death-defying crimes. But we will recommend that you avoid seeing all this spam, no matter how many drug dealers' e-mails you receive," Michael T. Smith wrote.
(CNN) -- Flavio Briatore has successfully appealed against his lifetime ban from Formula One for his part in a race-fixing conspiracy at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, CNN confirmed Tuesday.|||Brioter bid to overturn ban told Asian Court of Arbitration in Bahrain. Briater is the grandson of a legendary team boss. If convicted of his role, Briater would be suspended for a life for the next 24 years. The 2012 verdict that booted him from the sport came days before his old rival Antonio Giovinazzi left for a senior role in a directorates bid in a multibillion-dollar corruption scandal involving the World Anti-Doping Agency and anti-money-laundering outfits in Cyprus, Belgium, Monaco, Mozambique and Tunisia. "The FIA has given the Chairman the clear message that all panel hearings have been conducted with all the necessary rigor and all parties in the scheme (fighting to find the truth) have been cleared," said Annita Dalsignore, FIA General Director, in a statement. "We cannot countenance a person meeting with criminal elements in order to commit serious criminal offenses in Formula One." Amid the scandal, Dodigan was banned for three years, which was lifted. ©2009 CNN.
(CNN) -- Americans are forgoing medical attention in the face of high health-care costs, a new consumer health survey has found.|||"We are discovering that some patients are not taking care of their own health-related medical conditions," the Consumers Union said. "This is only one reason why patients are passing up the medical benefits of care." Nationwide, 17 percent of patients said they were waiting to see their doctor because they thought insurance would cover the cost, but 47 percent of those surveyed said they were delaying getting their medical needs met. "These results certainly suggest that Americans feel quite disconnected from health care," the ACS said. An additional nine percent of patients saw their bills canceled, while just 6 percent said they paid bills themselves. And 6 percent still pay the bill, the survey showed. The ACS analyzed 1,024 Americans who had health insurance. The average bill was $37,171, and 7% had a premium bill of more than $200, the ACS said. Also troubling were the numbers for the emergency room visits -- from 9 percent to 16 percent -- and for the government-funded heating pump. Some 7 percent of the respondents had no medical insurance, making them "less likely than the general population to pay any of the bills" the ACS reported. "We have no real insight about the long-term effects of the uninsured," the ACS said in a statement. "We only have a snapshot of the circumstances -- like circumstances in the health care system and the uninsured and the uninsured. The onus on the American people to decide where they will pay their health care costs rests primarily with their provider." Pacs researchers found that 56 percent of the patients surveyed did not pay a bill; 54 percent of the patients received their health insurance premiums, and 54 percent took out prepaid medical cards for out-of-pocket costs. Three-quarters of the surveyed consumers had health insurance at no one's expense. Seven in 10 of those surveyed gave out their health information for free. The CPS said most Americans did not have health insurance, and its analysis found that median family medical insurance coverage has dropped 1.1% since October 2011, down from 2.5% at the same time last year. "Each year, the share of uninsured adults in the U.S. has reduced by one-fifth," spokesman Perry Bissich said in a statement. A third of the residents surveyed said they don't take care of their health-related medical issues. The ACS also found that people go to Web sites or wait until seniors turn 60 before admitting they have health problems to an office. The survey, conducted in 26 states, also found that the oldest first-time uninsured adults are nearly 82. About 15 percent of consumers nationwide have at least one adult in their household, the ACS said. Results for American parents ages 14 to 49 months were unavailable. For the first time, the survey found that more than 50% of Americans had taken out prescription-drug plans. "This has tremendous potential to make a difference for those in poor health and for indigent families," said Bissich, who specializes in health care issues. The ACS also noted that millions more Americans have signed up to insurers. "We hope this trend -- when we have estimated totals -- will begin to reverse the declining share of uninsured Americans among those who take out coverage." "Most patients will be able to afford their prescription-drug plans," he said.
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- Seeking to identify the man who shot dead another man outside a store in Naples, Italy, in the spring, an anti-mafia prosecutor distributed on Thursday a video showing the execution.|||Many people watched the video obtained by Italian TV stations on Monday. Prosecutors released the video of the two attackers on Monday, saying there are dozens of shots fired from the suspect's side before he pointed his gun at one of the attackers. The fellow victim remains motionless inside the store. The victim's body has been sent for autopsies, but it is not clear how he died. The surveillance video was sent to Italy's secret police special unit, led by special agent Gerardo F. Capocelli, on Wednesday, the government said. The official crime victim, Gioaldo Valenzetti, allegedly sold the gun to the gunman for cash and the Mafia, the pro-mafia prosecutor said. It was unclear whether the shooter was related to Rossello Vasca, the Milan-born key figure in the case, said Prosecutor Joseph Morelli. Authorities released a second video and information about the shooting, a purported killing trial, earlier this month, which police say was an attempt by the killer to divert attention from the disappearances of prominent Italian-born businessmen. They said the suspect is now wanted in Milan, along with Giovanni Luciana Borini and Vassili Viganidis, the men most closely linked to the murder. The focus of the investigation is the disappearance and attempted murder of attorney Gabriele Lombardo in Milan. Authorities say all three men were "hugely influential in the mafia," Italy's National Senate said Wednesday. Italy is considered one of the most deadly places in the world for the criminal world. Fello said investigating such crimes is an essential step for the justice system. In addition to calling attention to the murder of the prosecutor, The Senate will ask European security forces to investigate the list of members of the "Trojan" and the elements suspected of masterminding Lombardo's disappearance, citing the needs of international security forces. The Senate has a special investigation into the killings and ordering foreign leaders to provide more information about the crime syndicates involved. The powerful mafia usually operates from what is known as a "secret state," or an area known for its concentration of drug traffickers and drug-trafficking capabilities. Among them are the carrion vaults, which houses tons of arms and other illegal drugs, according to American Institute for Justice. CNN's Amanda Farber contributed to this report.
Chicago, Illinois (CNN) -- The four people found dead this week in a suburban Chicago home were the victims of a murder-suicide, a coroner said.|||In an autopsy, investigators concluded April 1 that the deaths were the result of a murder-suicide. When questioned Thursday, the dead, identified as Earl Howard, Myleeta Cosby, Ellen Rosita, 29, and Jeffrey Conley, 57, each died of strangulation, the DuPage County coroner said. "It does appear that at some point in time, they poisoned themselves." Phyllips Phillips said her husband's death was "dual," a form of murder. Holly Conley, her daughter, who was last seen in the area, was found to be " dead and in bad shape," her brother said. "My family's in a terrible, hard situation."
(CNN) -- A Colorado teenager is facing a first-degree murder charge, accused of stabbing her mother 79 times in the face and neck in the bathroom of their Aurora home.|||The attack was at her parents' home, said Rachael Ferguson, a Fort Collins police spokeswoman. The victim was found with serious injuries to her face and neck. Ferguson, who had surgery on a minor ankle injury to her left wrist from a punching hand about a year ago, spent weeks in intensive care at a local hospital before being released in August 2011. Her boyfriend was in the home. He allegedly fell and strangled her, but police believe she was acting alone. The boyfriend, who did not face charges, was able to defend himself and break through the victim's hospital bed with a large boulder. When a witness from the attorney general's office followed, the boyfriend went upstairs and grabbed a gray-haired woman's arm and threatened to shoot her, the woman's family said. He then punched the homeowner in the face and allegedly smashed the door, threw a door off its hinges, and ran downstairs to grab a pitchfork and a wood stove. A witness from a witness also reported seeing police shoot the suspect. Ferguson, who was wearing a GPS ankle bracelet when she went downstairs, allegedly confessed to her boyfriend, police said. She is expected to appear in court Thursday for an initial hearing, the police spokesman said. CNN's Liz Horgan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Green Day's lead singer is seeking treatment for substance abuse, the rock band announced Sunday, two days after the performer's expletive-laden meltdown during a show in Las Vegas.|||David, and Green Day, full title Billie Joe Armstrong, remember themselves embarrassed onstage after Davis pulled his estranged brother, Tom, from the front line of the band. (A new Green Day album, "Revolution Radio," will be released in February. They announce that Armstrong will be working towards full recovery through treatment and a recovery tour this spring. "It's been a very emotional few months, but with the help of friends and colleagues, it's getting better," Eric Gill said in a statement. "There has been a long process to address the issues which were at the forefront of our life." Scientists had suggested there could be signs in the music industry's "back stories," Gill said. "Last year, in June, my long-time friend and bandmate, Tom Gossard, went into physical and psychiatric issues, which eventually led him to discontinue work on 'Revolution Radio' and be hospitalized." The trigger for the meltdown -- demanding to know if his friend had offered to "do a space program" to help him manage the medicine -- was a discussion during the band's extensive touring in support of "Revolution Radio," Gill said. The group's record company, Live Nation, first reported that Armstrong had taken a sizable cut from the four-album set "Revolution Radio." But he showed up on stage last Monday, not long after the famous photo of him surrounded by black smoke and blasting guns became a runaway Internet sensation. A week later, after the band was touring California and New York, thousands showed up to make sure Armstrong stayed onstage. But "we were overwhelmed with all of the concerns that we had," he said of the public response to his outburst. "We got caught up with some people just going through a divorce at the moment." On Tuesday, the Los Angeles Daily News reported that Armstrong talked to friends about getting a hotel room at a Las Vegas casino and the need to get help. "I need to get away from it all," Armstrong told the newspaper. "I can't go through that life with a kid taking me to jail." Armstrong said he attended a meeting with his bandmates on Friday in London and asked them to help him help his other clients "through this tricky period of time." In a note distributed on Friday, the band said it was building a tent tent at Cambridge College to house the band's current office. The band urged members to prepare to rock rock in the 'into the '90s and throw "thousands of buttons and dropping hooks during the song and into the moment." "The comedy sketches will prove a source of inspiration for the band," Armstrong said. The new band's website lists other Green Day members -- Axl Rose, Billie Joe Armstrong Jr. and Ramon Sanchez -- as supporting members. The group has toured the United States since March 23. In an interview with CNN affiliate KTLA on Tuesday, Armstrong said he was comfortable being present onstage again next month. "It's just yet another challenge," he said. "There is nothing wrong with that. I have confidence in myself."
(CNN)  -- Blind violinist Romel Joseph laid in what he called his "grave" for 18 hours.|||For his 44th birthday, his widow, Sari Anne Lewis, brought Joseph to the National Museum of American History in Washington, D.C. for Tuesday's unveiling of the visitor center's maiden exhibit. The 55-year-old played for more than 25 hours Tuesday, a recorded in his voice and while listening to live music in the museum's elevator. "There was a time when I was living on my own," Joseph said in an interview with CNN's John Humphrey. "I can't walk." He loved music and playing for him, he said. The contribution of the museum's employees, noted Lewis, included allowing the woman to donate $2,000 of her own money. "So here we are," she said at a news conference, "first woman who is stepping into the history of performing." Joseph was born with Down's syndrome and lived all of his life inside an apartment building in Philadelphia, which is owned by Lewis. The museum has designated the place as his "home." He usually wears brown shoes, his widow said. Authorities have found Joseph's grave three times, prompting the museum to hire outside security guards to guard the areas where he was buried. A man who testified before Congress said Joseph would have no problems speaking if he remained in his home, told The New York Times that he had heard the description of Joseph's grave. Joseph's family declined to comment on the museum's latest progress.  Watch a video of Joseph's response » On Friday night, the museum was told that Joseph's corpse had been lowered into the ground. The unusual display wasn't intended to be so unusual. "He wears brown shoes, has a brown face, a brown hat and a brown coat and he's absolutely the most beautiful man alive," said the museum's director, Nathan McKee. "He's fascinating. And not only visually, but also in his narrative of his life." The display includes artifacts from his life, including a life-size scroll, the National Fermentation Museum's first-ever exhibit on Printer's Hand Scale. The museum hopes this exhibit, called "The Very Feet of Earth," will raise the hope of humanity to achieve comparable heights through the medium of performances. Joseph is the first blind performer to record his albums.
After 10 days stranded far from home, all 52 passengers from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice have now been transferred by helicopter to an Australian icebreaker.|||B Streak of thousands of ice breakers or icebergs to treat for persistent shipping accidents became a constant threat for nine days for the Italian and Western Antarctic stranded ships.  Proximity by air lines required that search and rescue crews quickly access each ship's refrigerated section in order to locate them safely. The rescuers were able to reach every ship in the near Littoral massif with cutting long lines, by air-lifted oxygen and crews from the Australian ship the ship's captain, General Charles Martch, and the pilot, Mark Streep, and one third of the crew.          All the 53 passengers -- six Americans and five from other countries -- had been stuck since 8 February.    It has been almost a month since the ship was considered safe to berth.   .   The ship was carrying 274 people. The Irish and South African P.E.I. took part in the mission while they were also blocked by ice. The International Rescue Committee airlifted the pilots to Australia by helicopter on Sunday morning and a plane crew from a small aircraft is awaiting it at the Padua airport.    via PA. Investigators said the pilots and ground crew of the P.E.I. plane who went to help transport the passengers were indeed trying to live up to their part of the responsibility and risked everything for their fellow passengers.    Both pilot and ground crew from the Italian P.E.I. are expected to stay put at the airport and await the arrival of the P.E.I. helicopter crew.   A solo push boat crossing the icebreaker Sunday morning also highlighted the difficulties involved with giving passengers and crew some oxygen during the rescue effort.   After a 100-mile (160-kilometre) flight Saturday -- sailing in high winds across from the Antarctic -- the P.E.I. flew to Fiji on Sunday evening for a shuttle back to Darwin, and Sunday night they will join the P.E.I. team at the Antarctic base.
(CNN) -- The Golden Gate Bridge got its chance to shine Sunday, with people around the Bay Area flocking to the iconic span to celebrate its 75th birthday.|||With celebrations that made headlines in October, Sunday marked the Blue Bridge's 75th birthday, officially marking its opening. "Sparkle dazzled in," said San Francisco mayor London Breed in a press release. The bridge officially opened to the public at 8:00 p.m. ET (3:00 p.m. CDT), and the festivities continued until midnight. "It is a joyful day and a national celebration for celebrating our birthday and opening our first National Bridge of the Year," it said. The Golden Gate Bridge's opening was an "in-your-face" event aimed at ushering in the celebrating season. The bridge celebrated its official opening on Thanksgiving Day 2008, with large crowds crossing through to mark the arrival of new people and those celebrating their first year of life. Many wait for years before being able to afford to hop on. 'Celebrate' building atop Golden Gate Bridge. Yet in reality, the celebratory weekend has been more about security on the street than the glowing structure. A banner on the bridge read, "Bridge safe and open, now welcome to any pedestrian." A countdown to 9:30 p.m. on the historic western side of the Golden Gate Bridge ended on Sunday, but at 2:10 p.m. the steel railing suspended from the bridge was revealed, as the official processional wound around the hillside. Although some demonstrations are taking place near the open southern end of the bridge, the first permanent pedestrian bridge on the bridge will arrive in two days -- on May 19. Already well established, San Francisco authorities say the bridge is open to the public for the weekend and traffic problems are rare. "We'll be in the heart of the world within a few days. Everyone can really just go on over there and enjoy themselves. It's gorgeous," said President Bill Clinton. "We have a wonderful community that is always ready for you to come and celebrate." On the East side, Sunday's peak season has already taken hold, with the construction of two new pedestrian bridges -- one on the west side -- the other on the north side -- expected to continue into 2013. Many people in San Francisco area cities, however, have already allowed their cars to leave temporarily -- particularly pedestrians -- as they travel to the bridge. See photos of Golden Gate Bridge celebrations » The Golden Gate Bridge bridges from the north and south, as seen in this aerial photo taken on November 17, 2008.
(CNN) -- They say the longest journey starts with a single step.|||The former governor of New Mexico and the nation's first female football coach are leading an insurgency against government forces. A principal of an area high school, whose resident has identified himself as a rebel, is among those working to help free others in San Luis Potosi, while leading up to that call, children take a different path. Earlier this year, my interview with a fellow student in San Luis Potosi, NM, told me his story. "Here, 'OK, that little light bulb goes on,'" this afternoon he told me. "And it's a good one. It's a good sign." He pointed to reporters at a news conference. "It takes all of us to become a citizen." Good sign or not, I wanted to see him. I wanted to know how he became a rebel too. "It's not a secret in New Mexico that drug cartels operate and a lot of violence happens here," he said. "People come here. They're fighting." A gangster in a Southern California neighborhood carried out a successful boxing match against a rival in late August, but neither player was arrested, one suspect told CNN. CNN video journalist Jack Marshall wrote the story before he had his hands tied up. Now, it's unclear whether he will be in court.
Washington (CNN) -- The Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday morning will receive a classified document that seeks to justify the administration's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks, chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said late Wednesday.|||Edward Day, a senior U.S. State Department official said, said the aim of targeting alleged senior al Qaeda members is to "prevent radical and violent operatives from winning any victories in the face of a determined, dogged opposition from the Islamic State" and its supporters abroad. Drone strikes allegedly killed Osama bin Laden and others on June 16. Obama has argued that he would be far more likely to receive support if an air strike kills terror suspects near an American citizen, according to the official. Watch how drone strikes relate to Iraq » The official said the hearing will not refer to drone attacks because the agency is conducting studies of clandestine operations -- including the death of Osama bin Laden -- at al Qaeda training camps. "We are not prosecuting any individuals for assisting these terrorists," the official said. But he stressed that the administration's policy to use drone weapons to target terror targets and deny information that could lead to the targeted killings has evolved from what The Washington Post reported in June. The investigation into the use of drones in Iraq came months after two U.S. senators questioned former Defense Secretary Edward Snowden about the practice. One senator asked White House officials why the U.S. flew unmanned aircraft over Afghanistan, saying that the State Department's use of unmanned air vehicles and drones was widely known in the intelligence community. Obama said earlier this week he believes there was never a unanimous authorization to employ the U.S. military against al Qaeda and its allies. "I believe that the guidance to the Intelligence Community and the various branches of government need to come from a joint congressional committee where that language is in the legislation, since everyone has a responsibility to Congress to pass a law that provides lawful authority for the use of lethal force in defense of the United States against threats and interests that may exist abroad." Obama has reportedly promised his support for the administration's policy after claiming that the U.S. would help stop ISIS from gaining control of territory in Iraq.
Paris, France (CNN) -- The French World Cup soccer team appeared to keep their heads down Thursday after returning from the tournament following their surprise first-round exit.|||France returned from the World Cup with a grovelling victoryless feeling, playing only a match with Croatia, who qualified automatically for the knockout stages after their 4-1 victory over Denmark in the group stages. France were surprisingly left winless in the competition -- in their most lopsided performance to date. The French did well to match Slovenia and will hope to improve on the result when they meet in the final, with France hoping to break a 92-year wait for a World Cup final. France hosts Egypt on Saturday in the last 16, but face a difficult quarterfinal to determine the final. Croatia, the number one seed in Group D, face Mexico in the knockout match in Djibouti. Watch the full World Cup draw ». Around 1,300 French players left the tournament, including 2,100 who travelled from the airport, with the majority of the players reportedly from Paris. French sporting director Patrice Evra remained confident that he will be able to produce his best players on Friday. Jean-Michel Leduc, who was among the players who did not make the team, led by the young fullback Youcef Perez, has led the squad to the semifinals and has said he intends to coach France. France are among the members of FIFA's Committee of 21 that governs football in France and are responsible for their playing abilities. Former French defender Jerome Boateng was injured in training and can now take a look at medicine after the international break. However, Bolivia coach Pepe Melot expressed his reluctance to offer him a coaching position and his main concern is his loyalty to Brazil coach Jorge Sampaoli, who recently started coaching the Latino national team. France lost their opening 2-0 against Egypt in the group stages. France's most well known star attacker Antoine Griezmann was injured and was replaced by Thomas Lemar. France, who beat the Germans in the 2010 final, qualified for the knockout stages with the highest possible points total. Their first win came on home soil, beating Germany 2-0 on a Griezmann goal after Marouane Fellaini went down in the first half of the match. The French lost 4-0 to Croatia, who are also enjoying their first World Cup victory after also having won a UEFA Nations League title in 2002.
(CNN) -- Rep. Bill Young of Florida, the longest-serving Republican member of the House, died Friday evening, his chief of staff said.|||Young, 73, who spent nearly 80 years in Congress, was an up-and-coming political guru in a state with a lot going on at once. The conservative, 84-year-old politician who served from 1951 to 2007 had an 87-year record in the House with the rank of 88th. Young, who was married to the former state Sen. Terry Domenic, died Thursday night, his chief of staff said. Dennis Schultz, a spokesman for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, confirmed Young's death. "His family has shared news of his passing with us this afternoon," Schultz said. Few known details about his death were immediately available. The Florida House, which Young held from 1979 to 2007, will take place in Tallahassee, Long Island, where Young was a resident for a time. In recent years, Young has struggled with health issues -- from throat cancer to back pain -- and referred to himself as a "yogurt drinker." The staff did not release an age statement for Young. He served as a state representative from Tampa Bay, Florida, from 1989 to 2001. He and his wife had four children together -- Ricardo Lopez Blanco, Hank Blanco Jr., 19, Luis Lopez-Perez, 19, and Juan Lopez-Perez, 19.Young had been in law enforcement for 20 years when in March 2008 he accidentally caused a gun wreck in California that killed his son, Lee Young. Lee, 15, remained hospitalized after the March 27 collision. Lee Young died the day after Lee's funeral, a police spokesman said. Lee Young's family has said they expect to have trouble making arrangements. The funeral was held Friday afternoon. Chief of Staff Mark Benton said the body will be taken to the Homestead-Miami-Dade County Courthouse and that the boy's name would be released there Saturday. The only thing left open about the accident is that a boy and the driver of the car he entered were both killed when the car, believed to be a Chrysler minivan, was found in a ditch with its driver unlocked, Benton said. Friends said Van Moore will lead the procession that takes him to the cemetery. "We want to know how to find Martin's grave," Benton told CNN. References were not made to Kelly Grigson, sister of the van driver who died. But last week, Beloved, a digital maps company and three of Young's daughters published a story about her childhood and described her life as "the toughest" when she was growing up. Jeanetta Shivers and Jeri Ramsey said their sister, Jason, had been "very dysfunctional."
(CNN)  -- Real Madrid saw off city rivals Atletico Madrid 2-0 on Sunday night to maintain their leadership of Spain's La Liga.|||Real Madrid winger Cristiano Ronaldo got the winner with a neat finish after last-minute goals from Miguel Angel Moya and Angel Rodriguez, former Real winger Claudio Castilla scoring his 16th career goal for the club and closing in on the record. It was the 23rd time that the La Liga leaders saw their record 10th triumph in the league come to an end. The winner was Jonathan Rodriguez of Atletico, who were playing in front of the same pre-match press conference on their ground. "We have a great rivalry with Atletico," Ronaldo told the press conference after Real lost to Ligue 1 side Monaco on Friday. "We cannot just complain as a club that they are one of our closest rivals and we are a Club that has achieved a lot in our modern history but we are not afraid to go to this opponent. "I will never forget what it feels like to play Atletico and to play at this stadium, to feel that we are celebrating a victory in front of all our supporters. "We have to keep pushing for the title and, hopefully in the weeks to come, we will be able to close the gap on them." Real. The Spanish side have 28 points, 10 clear of leaders Barcelona, who play on Sunday against Alaves. In league action, Real Madrid saw the dismissal of Edinson Cavani and Lucas Moura would lift them to their sixth title in seven seasons. Atletico Madrid have claimed the title for the last seven seasons, the last time in 2010. After 15 matches, they are still two points adrift of Real in second place, on 34 points. Jan Oblak scored for the fourth straight time to grab a first goal since the game in the capital city against the club side Boca Juniors in October. Diego Simeone's side lead the group with 46 points, one more than Milan who face City later. In the first half, winning goalkeeper, goalkeeper, Marcelo, had given Atletico the lead, only for Didier Drogba to equalise for the visitors 11 minutes later. Didier Lopes was sent off to give Atletico an unplaced 15th point, four behind Real who won 7-1 at home to Ajax on Saturday. However, Real captain Sergio Ramos converted a late penalty to leave the home fans roaring for Andres Iniesta, who plays for Marca, who play next. Juan Gimenez drew the home side level four minutes from time. Defending champions Atletico.
(CNN) -- The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday after they were allegedly found fishing in Russian-controlled waters in the Sea of Japan, according to state media.|||Russia has been in the region for more than 60 years and the last incident it reported involved fishing boats is August 2010, Russian news agency RIA Novosti said. It cited Russian Minister of State Security Alexander Bortnikov as saying that a commercial fishing vessel located in Russian waters earlier this month was seized and the crew of another group was arrested. Local media and local police gathered at the boat to interview its crew, who said a part of the crew threatened to kill them. Chinese Vice Minister of Maritime Affairs He Hongbo urged China's neighbors "to exercise some restraint when dealing with their fishing boats." Bortnikov said "some other boats can be let off and stay out," according to RIA Novosti. Boat butchers could face a number of legal consequences, but Bortnikov did not specify what action will be taken. "It's very simple: You can definitely have hands on them," he said. "This is also what the Chinese people demand." China's fisheries minister said Tuesday that the vessels were protected against Japanese law and have Russia's permission to fish, but also argued that they were protected against missile strikes by the U.S. and South Korea. The vessels are part of an illegal fleet of weapons, said China's Foreign Ministry, which is accused of setting off six missiles last month near Japan. The launches of three missiles were followed up by attacks by two Russian navy destroyers and a Russian submarine, the ministry said. "I don't think there was any incident. ... We don't make any mistake here ... we are proud of what we did," Bortnikov said. However, the Chinese Ministry of Defense said the U.S. would be investigating the West's actions, and that Beijing was ready to enforce sanctions against Russia for the attacks. Bortnikov noted that the Korean submarine crew that was attacked by the missiles had their own lives lost in the previous incident. The two ships, both of which have Chinese flags on them, were left without their full licenses. The crew members were subsequently released, but have been locked up, Bortnikov said. The vessel that was seized reportedly came from another party, Puyama, China, about 300 miles (500 km) southeast of Japan. Its cargo ship left Tianjin, according to the Ministry of Defence, on Monday. Russian Navy Airmen shot and killed two of the ships' crew members and seized a shell. Russia has denied any claims that its ships violated any international sanctions against China. Sunday evening, Russia said it "objected to its sovereignty" and had sent a navy vessel that had been in line for its departure. It intercepted a missile which crashed into the ocean. The Russian authorities said they would send helicopters to help in the standoff.
(CNN) -- A former commercial pilot has been found guilty of charges that he was intoxicated while co-piloting a flight from Austin, Texas, to Denver in 2009, a federal prosecutor announced Tuesday.|||At trial, we learned that Ahmad Durkar, a FAA licensed aeronautical test pilot, was intoxicated when he sat in the aisle of the business class passengers' seat while co-piloting a flight over Southwest Airlines Flight 93. The 33-year-old Middle Eastern citizen was given a strict drug and alcohol program, the Justice Department said, and trained with the military in 2000 on circuit board-certified paratroopers. In 2008, he was hired by Alaska Airlines to fly business-class passengers from Austin to Denver and worked as a security officer on the long-range 737-400. While flying the flight from Austin to Denver, he received an operational green light and left the aircraft before takeoff. When the pilot and a passenger complained, they were concerned there was someone on board who was drunk and had problems co-piloting, the Justice Department said. Accusations against Durkar included the passenger, a 28-year-old Turkish man, with an attempt to kill him and drunken acting while flying a plane, prosecutors said. Authorities found that there was no evidence of Durkar turning on the plane when passengers told him that passengers believed he had something in his back. He was later charged with discharging a firearm. "This is an unusual matter involving an aircraft that was forced to leave a domestic airport," said Mauricio Bergeron, a lawyer for Istanbul. "There were complaints on both sides, but the party's flight attendant told us she only ever tried to explain that her partner had been intoxicated. The passenger said the man complained about his transportation to Alaska Airlines, which conducted regular flights from Austin to Alaska and once identified him as Daniel Delaney," Bergeron said. He said at the time that he did not know that Delaney was a company employee. "It is the prosecutor's role to investigate any complaint," Bergeron said. CNN's Sara Cohen and Joel Cooper contributed to this report.
CHARLESTON, South Carolina (CNN)  -- Tropical storm Cristobal was forecast to move "parallel and very close" to the North Carolina coast Sunday morning, but the storm is not expected to make landfall along the eastern U.S. shores.|||Cristobal first made landfall as a tropical storm about 45 miles southeast of the Cape Fear River, MS on Saturday afternoon and was moving inland west-northwest about 20 miles. Matt Keyes, a meteorologist with the National Hurricane Center in Miami, said the storm was expected to continue slowly west-northwest. "Forecasts indicate that Cristobal will not reach North Carolina through the night." The National Weather Service is predicting low-end rain in New Mexico, some coastal areas of North Carolina, the Caribbean and, as far away as the southern tip of South Carolina, most of the coast of South Carolina and into North Carolina. Harder-hit areas include Rock Hill, South Carolina, as well as the Wilmington and Myrtle Beach areas. Forecasters predicted that at least two tectonic shifts in the storm's track were expected over the next couple of days, taking it from a tropical storm and making it to a "pure northeast dip of the Great Lakes" area. That, Keyes said, would be enough to move it northeast of the Carolinas. "Just south of the coast, (where) you have the 3 to 4 mile mark of the coastline are a wide area from Lumberton to Cape Lookout," Keyes said. Duke and Charlotte, North Carolina, according to the hurricane center, were also under watches, and high winds along the North Carolina coast were expected.
(CNN) -- Faced with a choice between a cash incentive or signing up for a hard day's work, which would you pick?|||According to the new competition to take part in, America of America conducts an experiment with a seafood brand named Shishito. This year the name will change to Beano's Red Meat Jam. Each month the company will demonstrate a new recipe that works with meat jerky ingredients. Each contestant will only make 10 samples. This allows all of the participants to participate. Visitors will only have a chance to choose from three partners: the company, a large, national chain of chain restaurants that come from immigrant communities, and a single, state-guaranteed cash payment. The participants will be assigned dates from August 16 to October 17 in order to be able to receive the best offer. Why immigrants made this challenge? "We believe it's common sense in the immigration and consumer economics to insist that people who come into the country from a country without many ties are predominantly low-paid and female." Despite stories to the contrary, we are told that our border and other barriers are facing immigrants from Latin America, and we face enormous limitations on immigration dollars. "I think the second part of the question is why would Americans have such a strong desire to take a risk?" the judges said. "Americans place a lot of faith in entrepreneurship." Race is a currency.
St. Petersburg, Florida (CNN) -- As if the pictures of birds, fish and animals killed by floating oil in the Gulf of Mexico are not disturbing enough, scientists now say they have found evidence of another danger lurking underwater.|||Scientists have attributed the magnitude of the oil problem to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. Since it began, thousands of birds have died in the Gulf. 2,000 people have died in the US since 2003, also spread over a span of 25 years, according to CNN. The World Economic Forum said last week that more than 1,200 oil workers lost their lives in the state over the past few years. Dozens of oil production companies have not reported spills because of concern about the danger of operating in the region. At least 50 oil-spill-related incidents have killed at least 23 people in Alaska in the last seven years. E-mails from drilling companies in the Gulf of Mexico found oil and other oil that had leached into oil platforms. A school in Mississippi said workers discovered oil leaking from a pipeline in the Gulf where drilling rigs were on a horizontal line in preparation for a two-phase pipe-tightening system. The Gulf is considered one of the nation's top tourist spots, with thousands of visitors coming out to visit its aquariums and historic sites. The museum's Seabright Seacraft launched a new short documentary, "Shout Out to The Gulf," about the gulf oil spill, two years ago. In one presentation, a pilot fisherman explained his dreams of fishing in the region, but it was cut short by losing the fish hatchery when "very large chunks of the live oil ripped from the seabird's prey mouth and seaweed." "When you put those fish and sea turtles in the same wet snout, it carries a lot of oil for quite a while, and the oil gets stuck into the tissue and eats the fish," he said. More than 1,000 scientists from around the world have analyzed existing oil tankers and model oil tankers from the area, including a 1980 BP Petroleum Tanker that exploded in Louisiana with 9 million barrels of oil inside it. Scientists found about 17,000 oil tankers full of crude oil on a seabird sample they used to test whether the oil had dissolved in its water. "We cannot make this marine transport system safer by injecting crude oil at high rates," Steve Mayer of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration told CNN. He also described the threat that ocean living creatures pose to humans. Sea turtle's stomach contents showed a high concentration of oil, he said. Scientists say the oil is still alive and has a broad range of toxicity to humans and wildlife. In August of last year, researchers discovered 228 still-life sharks in coastal waters, most of which were trapped underwater by the oil, Mayer said. But in September, NOAA found another 19 sharks that were killed by oil, and in late October it discovered 19 more. Pollution caused by the oil spill have brought large numbers of other animals into the ocean. Scientists don't know how many dead sharks were in the Gulf, and the size of the number they could have been was unclear. Scientists are not the only ones seeking help from the public to find answers. The Seattle Institute for Environmental Research, where Dr. John Ebenkamp designed the Sea of Life Design, also released a video.
(CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer.|||The first, Christopher Obispo, 23, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Kristopher Owens, 16. Obispo allegedly killed Owens in Shawnee, Oklahoma. Police found him holding the weapon that killed Owens, a handgun with a small amount of lead residue, and found he had three loaded guns on him, said Don Neal, the assistant sheriff for Osage County. Police also found a gun in Obispo's backpack. Obispo sat in the passenger seat as another, a shirtless, shirtless, detective showed up, knocking on Obispo's door, Neal said. The detective, Jay Huntman, brought in Quinton Henry, a stone-faced gray-haired woman, Gibson Long, who told the detective that she was driving and that she was trying to get the car's registration. Long agreed that she was the owner of the gray car. Last month, Holloway displayed a white and gray police dog collar with a hood, and the photo was used to arrest Abispo for carrying a large concealed weapon. He refused a judge's arrest warrant. A judge in the case has dismissed Obispo's initial charges and is awaiting a grand jury hearing on the new charges, said Superior Court Judge Sharon Bamhower, a former state court judge who oversaw armed crimes cases for Kentucky and Tennessee.
Lisbon, Portugal (CNN)  -- Let's face it, footballers have a bad rep. They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them.|||That's the problem. In contrast with the hype and the money, there is no easy way out of it. The players are supposed to care about everything that surrounds them and perform at the highest level. Even then, there are no paydays or secure jobs that guarantee a safety net. What do that mean? It means nobody will replace them in the bigger picture. Not only that, the world is far too busy to deal with issues involving everyday life. The number of dangerous incidents involving players is the most frequent problem in football, with teams in Europe trying to keep players away from them. In 2012, the United Nations lost 49-0, but more recently, a training ground fight between players and a chairwoman of the Dutch Football Association at a training base in Normandy broke out. When the scuffle is finally put down, the player has allegedly told the club not to bring him back for want of money. Not only were there no consequences because the club isn't obliged to re-up its players, the rules in the area required no new payments or transfers by the club. So what can be done? It's best to not worry about players for the time being. Sport provides some buffer between players and what they're paid but it is still very easy to beat the players up in front of the TV cameras. Like football, soccer is more complicated than it looks. And if you spend lots of time in front of a camera and in front of an audience, your ability to pay your debts and enjoy your time are questioned. The kind of opportunity to build the brand that we have in football isn't found in every sport and even at a club in the world, not in football." That doesn't mean players and coaches don't need to be paid for their work. "Players that you see are people who are passionate about their job and doing good for their community and that is why they must not be worried about their wages if they have contributed to certain causes, like injuries. Or other issues that arise, such as safety, security or other threats," Javier Salazar said. "They must be checked and assessed on whether they have been involved in the safety of the environment because they are not paid adequately for the benefit of others and they deserve to be picked up for any number of reasons." First, he described public criticism of football players. "Unfortunately most people don't realize that when they speak on television it is a matter of concern, especially for the players. They receive a lot of negative publicity, including negative attention from the media," he said. "But the bigger the stories we get from the media -- like domestic and foreign media, police, politicians and former players -- it can affect football as well. Football is an important industry and we deserve respect. "A lot of players are cynical. They say they are heading to France to sign all the nice new deals and the new little millionaires because they think they are coming from the outside. They are guilty of things that are not only insulting but they are hurting their families and their friends. "The sad thing is that this is just a small fraction of the potential money and reputation of the football people in this country. "The biggest thing of all is the less than average salaries and income received." Some more simple things to do include: If you have a small salary cap that limits your rights and what you can earn for what you are doing, then you are possibly not as responsible as people claim you are. "If you have money that you can easily spend on things such as holidays, you are doing one of the best things in the world but you aren't being accountable for other things. If you hire your players at a small salary cap or a small annual salary cap or a small hourly wage that the majority of players in the world already earn and that is the main goal, you are wasting a lot of money to allow the next five or ten guys to pay you even more than that just to go out there and get some extra money so they are looking to make money." And by the time they get to the international level, they will already be that much further away. In July, a newly appointed British FA chief said: "We're going to see a lot of guys who want to have more spending power. This is very sad and sad and we are all working very hard to make it better, and the more money that we can and hopefully will increase in the coming season, the more players we can get out of the game and the more stability that we can hopefully give to our group." The issue is primarily that despite the lucrative sums that now dominate sport and the stories that are made, some players are simply not ready to step up and take on a new challenge. See a short video series called "What If You Go to Liverpool?" that deals with the dangers of playing for a team that has been called FC Barcelona?
Jerusalem (CNN) -- In an "unprecedented" reaction to internal Arab affairs, an Israeli official said the country is getting ready to absorb fleeing Syrian Alawites if the Bashar al-Assad regime falls.|||AlAssad fought a battle for the right to life with loyalists of his Alawites in June and won public support from the world. But like the Syrian opposition, he has struggled for months to stay in office in the face of international condemnation and condemnation by his own al-Assad regime. The Assad regime has committed atrocities like massacres of civilians and women, and long-term residents have held on to their homes. "We have a larger-than-ever inventory of Syrian refugees. There's not a country that would want to take in 40,000 Syrian refugees, people from the Middle East," he said. "The fact is that if Syria has to choose between suffering and safety, it's no choice." Al-Assad's allies and adversaries have provided support for his regime, including Iran, which recently has threatened to target Israel if it takes weapons from Iraq for arm sales to Hezbollah. In a pre-recorded broadcast released by Hezbollah's war-zone-against-Israel website, chairman Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Syria's Defense Minister Ashraf Ghani that Israel's actions "show that we are destroying our enemy, Assad." Khani also said that Israel was arming Hezbollah after it became clear on Wednesday that his forces were planning a military operation in that country. Then-Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for an immediate end to Russia's "invasion" of Syria by anyone who sympathizes with al-Assad, including Hezbollah. He called on Israel, Turkey and the United States to join with the exiled leaders of Syria, including Hamid Karzai, to stop the "invasion of a huge nation, despite its apparent anti-Semitism, and pressure from a hostile power, such as Israel, such that may come from our military." Karzai says al-Assad is guilty of using "fundamentalist ideology" to dominate the country. The other foreign policy partner to accuse Israel of arming Iran, the U.S. and Israel's Arab allies, is Saudi Arabia, which has stood in support of the Syrian regime. Israel has long displayed serious concerns over attacks on civilians inside Syria. It launched a full-scale war in 2003 against what it called ethnic cleansing, using "punitive force." In the early 2000s, the Israeli army launched a counterterrorism mission against Iranian soldiers, and in 2002, the Arab nation destroyed four Iranian infrastructure projects. Israel has frequently blamed Israel for carrying out back-to-back lethal assaults against Syrians. Last month, Iran attacked Hezbollah with a large-scale attack, and one of its intelligence officials said that nearly 10,000 Iranian troops had been killed. According to Iranian news reports, Israel has flown U.S. strategic bombers to reach Iranian targets. Israel also attacks Israeli towns and cities and threatens to take "string-on-strings" control of Israeli territory. Israel and the United States are potential regional enemies for the sake of their combined military force against Syria. But Israel and the United States' stances on other Middle Eastern and North African countries can affect those national interests and deeply concern the Israeli leadership, and especially Israel's Jewish majority.
(CNN) -- Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at a Virginia nuclear plant were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week's 5.8-magnitude earthquake, officials said Thursday.|||The 6.4-magnitude earthquake ruptured a fifth of a casing at the site of the crippled Newport News, Virginia, nuclear power plant, reinforcing its wooden cap; a third of a casing was damaged, but that can be expected to be fixed by Friday, officials said. "It's a 3 to 6 inch impact," General Manager Barry Traney told the Virginia Department of Emergency Management. The Taiwanese nuclear plant also was damaged, according to Traney. Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at the facility were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week's 5.8-magnitude earthquake, officials said Thursday. After the earthquake, the site was evacuated with residents placed into protective clothing while an extra containment container was being inspected, where it was found that one container was "possible to explode." That container was found to have an explosion hazard, but no hazardous material was found. The containment area is located about one mile northeast of the closed nuclear plant. Toxicology specialists at the University of Maryland found no evidence of toxic waste in the containment bag of the remains. The laboratory is currently inspecting the completed containment cavity and the method in which the containment can be used to stabilize an unstable part. The bulk of the material inside the container will be moved so the casing will be the first to be cleared, though inspections are continuing, Traney said. "If nothing else, that final removal can remove the volatile chemicals from the interior of the stored crude fluid," he said. Carbon dioxide was also found in the release zone from the plant's underground injection gas system, he said. The National Nuclear Security Administration and the Energy Department said that overall hazardous gas concentration of all waste, including steam, has not exceeded acceptable limits.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The venerable CBS soap opera "Guiding Light" will go dark in September after 72 years and 16,000 episodes, the network announced Wednesday.|||The program will show an episode every Friday and its seasons will conclude on September 30. More than 68 million viewers have tuned in each season, with more than 400 million tuning in annually, according to CBS. The drama began its run as "American Woman" and by 1992 had expanded to include 33 showrunners. The original show called itself, "Brittany Prime," after Gretchen Zimmer -- the cyborg that helped JFK into the White House. "Guiding Light" and "American Woman" won the 18th and 19th Emmys -- the two most-watched dramas in 1998, and the most-watched series ever on television -- respectively -- that year. Each took its spinoffs. The last two shows were on "Saturday Night Live," and the last two were "Masterpiece," according to CBS, which is scheduled to air in September.
(CNN) -- A love story released in time for Valentine's Day, bringing together the stars of "The Notebook" (Rachel McAdams) and "Dear John" (Channing Tatum)?|||Is it Valentine's Day? Was it really really Channing Tatum's road trip or just waiting for the lights to come on at 7:45 p.m. at McDonald's in central Toronto? The clue is in the door -- as in the "Live By Night" three-issue ad campaign that ran Wednesday night across the United States. The ads show a young couple kissing at the end of a romantic scene and gives a long kiss, before they learn the power of a bite. In his shaky voice, Tatum can be heard dropping pinches as he shows off his parents' character of Mother Teresa's condition. "I've seen it all: everything. Once a father, always a father. Just the beginning of a relationship," he says. Tatum eventually overcame something in order to complete his transformation into the beautifully straight Tatum: a man, a boyfriend. He finishes the film with a Napoleon Dynamite-esque kiss to turn his head away from his mother. When left in her own inescapable midlife crisis, McAdams may have found herself pregnant again. Dressed in a sweater and denim suit, McAdams is back in a dozen more roles across the film. She has played Claire, Mary and Maggie -- the original couple and now the wives of romance-loving housewives. McAdams also co-stars in the film as she seeks acceptance to Hollywood's best actress academy. Tatum starts his second stint as an Oscar-winning actor next year. He plays a baseball-playing accountant, and the actor-director deserves the award. "Dear John" will premiere on Valentine's Day. "The Notebook" director John Hughes says this is a cinematic message to the big screen. "It's really a poem." The movie 'Woozy' is already receiving positive reviews. "What's good about it is that I'm not in the movie right now. The idea is that if you're an actor, you should feel powerful," Lorne Michaels, who directed "Woozy," told Variety in January. "I think it's going to be fun. A very salty movie; poppy, heavy, funny. The story is being played like a love story and I think that's what it is. It's not intended to be preachy, but I do think that that's what it does. It's a very dark movie and it might even sell more tickets than a silly movie. I think that it has the biggest impact now." "Dear John" is being billed as the first romantic comedy ever to be shot as one of these ads. But while the media attention at Camp Stanley and Nolan MacDonald's CNN has trumped the more satirical ads starring the Will Ferrell mock John Wayne story in "John Wick," elsewhere around the country, Stingrey stars in a new "Big" portion of the trailer. "Big Poppy" is seen as Tatum's first true love story and the first movie featuring a fully co-written storyline, unlike Christopher Walken's "Woozy" or "The Notebook." Meanwhile, "Dear John" is offering a little less horror and romance in its second half. "Dear John" will cost just $2.99, including props, depending on availability, tickets and a cool video. Price: $7.99. "Dear John" had just released in the snow in early March before it was interrupted by a school snow storm, prompting critics to accuse the film's producers of having a planned prank prank. The network hadn't yet figured out if that film would use its 3-issue "Patch To Non-Stop Lullaby" with John Wayne's story. With a debut date set for mid-March, the film is expected to open at more than 1,000 theaters around the United States and Canada.
(CNN)  -- The Marine Corps' top officer says he would want to avoid housing gay and heterosexual Marines in the same rooms on base if the ban on gays openly serving in the military is lifted.|||The Royal Dutch Sea Cadets said it is not a matter of true versus false. Or it may seem so, says Captain Harry Hutchison, commander of a group of about 550 enlisted Marines who found housing in an inactive Marine supply branch. "I would welcome the opportunity to expose these troops to some some other light," he said. "It would be up to us to define what it means for us to allow it and to make that happen." He said he did not exclude the possibility of future deployments where the sexes may be separated but is for now focused on the current service they are in. Hornung's order to his soldiers could help provide the framework for how to manage all the types of sexual relationships in the Marine Corps. Johnson added that if the Commandant approves of it, he will pass a bill calling for a "step-down order" for the commission to carry out any changes that would require the approval of "any policy that may be implemented by the Secretary of Defense." Under the current policy, being gay is a second or third offense in the Army. A minister could fire a soldier for making false allegations. Provisions in code calling for the distinction could be applied even to gay Marines who have moved out of a barracks, such as if military bases would have to exclude any gays -- or women -- from their housing. Information would be important in deciding whether a closet could be used and which closet should be closed. But, according to Hutchison, both jobs are supported by broad equality programs that require common uniformity across the military. "I am not limiting myself to this and I don't plan to make it mandatory," he said. "I'm not making it mandatory."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two Supreme Court justices engaged in a late-night exchange of harsh words before the execution early Wednesday of a convicted Tennessee killer who had been sitting on death row for nearly three decades.|||Rebecca Jones was to be the subject of a minor argument late Wednesday in the U.S. Supreme Court, but the argument was interrupted by a caller who raised the issue of alcohol in public executions. Teresa Arthur, representing Jones' family, called in to Justice Elena Kagan about the case in 2008. "Rebecca was an American woman," Arthur said to Kagan. "She lives in an all-male institution." Her response: "What is kind of Europe, looking at a woman like that. Is it any good?" In late November, a judge handed down the death sentence against Jones for killing her then-4-year-old daughter, Vickie Montgomery. According to The Tennessee Valley Authority, Anderson County jurors sentenced Jones to death for a December 15, 1976, rape involving 10 victims. The rape had been videotaped and heavily criticized at the time. Alabama officials said they believed that the videotaping was deliberate, and the killings were part of a cover-up. During the execution, Alabama said it may put an end to an ongoing appeal by Jones' attorneys. That judgment was upheld by a Virginia Court of Appeals which granted Jones a new trial. In a unanimous ruling, a Justice Department appeals court upheld Jones' drug use conviction, which included sexual intercourse between the two parties while intoxicated. Jones, who had previously served time for murder and drug charges, will be executed without any prior victims -- the first conviction in America overturned by the courts since the early 1970s, according to the Justice Department. Jones was sentenced to death after prosecutors said the sentence was based on a not guilty finding by a unanimous panel. Judge Victor Williams III and his fellow jurors had recommended that a life sentence without parole be carried out because the drug used in the lethal injection was so highly toxic. The substance was a mix of a synthetic anesthetic and the potent, decades-old painkiller barbiturates. The Supreme Court allows marijuana to be administered in lethal doses, subject to a state-by-state review. The Supreme Court agreed in 1997 when it legalized the recreational use of the drug on medical grounds.
(CNN) -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher will retire from Formula One at the end of the season.|||On Thursday afternoon, the team announced Schacher's retirement from motor racing. Schumacher, who is 43, will return to testing at Sauber from November 30-November 30. 'A scintillating career' This is the 41st year since Schumacher turned professional in 1984 and his 23rd championship with Ferrari. There will be only one other driver contesting a championship with two-time champion Ferrari next season. Ferrari leader Felipe Massa has already retired from the sport. Schumacher will talk about F1 at a Mercedes race on October 20, the official website of the sport said. In a tweet published on Thursday, Schumacher wished his family farewell and added "all the very best for the future." A couple of hours later, he said at the team's test at Suzuka in Italy: "The team management decided to take the massive risk and a call on the driver taking the limit decision which led to his retirement... Today is a proud day for Ferrari. Now I can get on to what comes next." That said, he admitted that he still had huge respect for the Andretti team and will be eager to join the Audi driver trio after the race in the United States on October 18. Known for his fast-starting tactics and tire reading prowess, Schumacher has stood out as the fastest of the drivers this season. But there has also been controversy surrounding the car he has used, which is his current car. Schumacher has said he wanted to race in a Ferrari with a rival driver, but has since said he doesn't wish to make that challenge. In the driver world, Raikkonen, who won the 2012 title with Ferrari, was the 2010 champion. The Chinese driver has a record 53 victories in the championship, while McLaren's Sebastian Vettel (37) was second with 45 wins this season. Fourteen drivers have won. Schumacher is the only driver in world championships era to win a driver's title with two cars. He won in 2008 with Ferrari, in his most recent outing with Sauber. Schumacher recently ran against fellow Italian driver Fernando Alonso, who won the 2010 title in 2008 with McLaren. "In the end, he is the best driver in F1," he said. "This year, it is worth the effort for him to give it everything. As a driver, I am very grateful for his work over many years as the driver for Sauber. I always thought he was a quick driver, but was shocked by how competitive he can be. "In the end, it's like an Olympic race. The questions we have now are for him now, what's next? Where do we go from here?"
(CNN) -- Are you reading this article on your cell phone or tablet? These days, that makes you pretty normal, especially if you're American, according to a recent report from comScore.|||The survey, conducted March 14-22, 2012, surveyed 1,007,434 Americans about their use of smartphones, tablets, mobiles and other wireless devices like cellular phones and car navigation systems. Rounding out the findings: About 16 million Americans are working with these devices regularly. 72 percent of those who are working with a phone or tablet are reporting they're upgrading their services or have purchased a new one. 2 percent are surveyed monthly on something called feature phone.                                             More than 98 percent of these consumers report they are accessing the Internet via a mobile phone or mobile computer.                                                  The total number of Americans that are connected to their phones and/or computers, but also those using a tablet, significantly increased, in the recent recession. People who are using a tablet or app on a phone have become increasingly active and more knowledgeable in monitoring their devices, said Paul Ready, chief analytics officer for comscore. The report, compiled by D.C.-based self-interest analytics company BrandSimple, was released Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina despite objections from La Liga side Real Madrid.|||Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in the Portuguese national football team's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina. He was named in the 21-man squad just hours after FIFA announced that "Ronaldo has been added to the Portugal squad for the upcoming FIFA World Cup qualifying tournament" on November 1. Croatia face Belgium and the Netherlands will take on Croatia. Cristiano Ronaldo has made it to the final 19 before deciding to sit out the match against Bosnia-Herzegovina for personal reasons. So far, Portugal have beaten the Netherlands, Switzerland and Germany in World Cup qualifying while also beating Croatia. SEE ALSO: Real Madrid's Ronaldo ruled out of qualifying. Ronaldo makes run-in against Bosnia.
(CNN)As relatives and friends mourn the loss of their loved ones aboard Germanwings Flight 9525, the world community is stunned by the sequence of events that led to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely crashing the plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.|||Germanwings flight 9525, shortly after take-off, broke apart with its forward cabin full of seven staterooms, the pilots lost control of the plane and it was ablaze within minutes. It eventually came to a crashing halt, leaving passengers gaping at the first door to the cockpit as their loved ones lay motionless on the ground. From the top of the cabin were strapped in six ejection seats, the panel members of the trial heard. Both Lubitz and co-pilot Andreas Schellenberg of the Germanwings airline became the first defendants convicted on French criminal charges. The charges focused on possible negligence. Dozens of team members say they witnessed what occurred. Lubitz did not sound the cockpit alarm, before he eventually got down from the flight. Schellenberg told the court he did not hear the warning, believing the plane was in trouble and wanted to take a scenic route between Toulouse and Barcelona. Lubitz and Schellenberg's actions led to both being arrested for the charges he eventually pleaded guilty to. In April, the pilots were both found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to seven years in prison. Loss of control of an aircraft, a French law for violating safety regulations. Small planes are also banned by the French government in most civil accidents, and Airbus, the main aerospace firm for the Airbus brand, was forced to sell and retrain pilots in order to comply with new safety rules. Then Japanese pilots changed their behavior, according to documents leaked by Japanese media. The two men's recordings of cockpit voices may have been part of a plan. But none of the voices on the recordings of the cockpit are heard on the airplane and all of them appear to be yelling at each other. There are no audio or video recordings of the incident or communication between the aircraft's crew and passengers, according to a statement from a DHL operator in India. The airline would not comment on the investigation into the case. The company did acknowledge that it is part of a network of airline operators that ran aircraft from a DHL facility in Medina, India, which operated flights to Lufthansa, another airline in France. Only DHL would comment on the operation. Lufthansa CEO Mark Shiels and India's country director for Lufthansa, Mr. Vishnu Mathew, have spoken before the court about Lubitz's firing. And he apologized for comments he made that night. "He was human and as a former air force pilot, I know the first thing that comes to mind is ... that you can't deal with an approach which causes you to jump. The problem is that sometimes you can't do that effectively," he said. "We talked about it and I believe we had a positive conversation about it and we decided to let it go."
(CNN) -- President Barack Obama is visiting China, Myanmar and Australia this week for a series of key regional summits. The trip is his first opportunity since his Democratic Party's massive defeat in the midterm elections to demonstrate the power of the presidency.|||Earlier in the day he is due to speak on international security issues in Burma. Obama is going to Yunnan, China, Singapore, Malaysia, the United Kingdom and Australia on a four-day visit, according to White House officials. The trip is his first opportunity since his Democratic Party's massive defeat in the midterm elections to demonstrate the power of the presidency. The trip comes as new protests against the military-backed government of Gen. Thein Sein have been intensifying in Rakhine State in central and southern Myanmar. Myanmar, which has been a member of both the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, also plans to send a delegation of senior officials to the Middle East Peace Forum in London on May 23. Myanmar leaders in Ya Taw, China, South Korea and Myanmar have taken steps to boost democracy, human rights and regional engagement in the emerging country, according to an intelligence assessment released by the US State Department released in early April. In an interview with CNN's Brian Ross on Wednesday, Obama said he would urge the United Nations to work with Myanmar's leaders to increase national sovereignty and vitalize the country's infrastructure and infrastructure. The U.S. has been criticizing Myanmar's leadership over a series of military operations, including recent attacks on journalists, targeting the United Nations. "The entire world ... needs to look seriously and urgently at where we are going," Obama said. "We can act as a catalyst for a change and see what's available to do. One way for us to do that is by working with our partners, and one of them is China. One way we can do that, if they will engage more with us, is to go to our top U.N. officials and say what we can do to develop the relationship between China and Myanmar," the secretary general said in a news release. The United States has been running a covert arms program that directly targets foreign militaries and seeks to build a "constructive partnership" between the U.S. and Myanmar. Obama has also promised to continue engaging with China on various issues, including the territorial integrity of Myanmar, the human rights situation in Myanmar and the environment. The United States is on track to join the 2015 U.N. Security Council sanctions against North Korea that already have been lifted.
(CNN) -- The PlayStation Vita is extending its reach into video and voice calling with the release of a Skype app for the mobile gaming device.|||[/wp] Now available for Windows 10 and Mac PCs. Skype said in a statement it would add 10,000 people each day for the remainder of 2011 in addition to the existing 45,000 to 47,000 Skype.com and 81,000 Skype.com users have already tried the free one-time and 2-minute mobile Skype app. Skype said the app also works well on smartphones and tablets. "It can be used on Android smartphones, and may also be compatible with iOS platforms, in addition to the PlayStation Vita app," a Skype spokeswoman said. Skype said all users can use their existing Skype.com website with the Windows 10. PC or Mac version will be available later in November. Xbox.com users can see how the PS Vita interface uses Skype in English and are eligible to sign up for free. All Android and iOS users have access to the service for the first time. Previous NTP users have received the Skype on iPhone app, but have yet to install it.
(CNN) -- Okay, so Alec Baldwin isn't the world's most sympathetic character. He throws tantrums, smacks the occasional photographer and was once caught on tape calling his preteen daughter a "thoughtless little pig."|||Alec made his name in the 1950s as actress Dona Cattaway, starting out as her deadbeat, lazy husband, struggling actor/director/producer, and writer on movies and plays. "You've seen me in three very different make up jobs over the past 30 years and I've never had any kind of need to change," actor-producer Alec Baldwin told Esquire. He began playing in Woody Allen's "Alvin & the Chipmunks" in 1953. But it wasn't until 1987 that he started "The Alec Baldwin Show." Undergoing private lessons, Baldwin then disappeared from public view. He started dating model and actress "Beverly Hills, 90210" comedienne Vivien Leigh, then married "Silent Hill" co-star Kevin Kline and eventually a longtime Marlena Ringling. He has remained a married man for more than 50 years and has 43 children. In 1988, Baldwin began working in movies, reprising his role of the unflappable producer Donald Duck in such hits as "The Reservation," "A Scanner Darkly" and "Happy Days Are in the Attic." Despite having released 14 best-selling films, including a solo memoir, he largely remains a recluse. Baldwin has maintained his signature sunny personality, even if he's grown into a man who never wants to leave the comfort of his family home and his wife. "There is nothing easy or simple about being an actor," Baldwin told Esquire. "But there is certainly something more imaginative." For years he led an unconventional public life, working in a wide variety of outfits to achieve looks, and he has always loved telling stories. On one of his first jobs as an adult, he spent three months in an imaginary Los Angeles life as a power actor and sports professional. He was most often seen on stage with actress Judy Davis -- the wife of late director and writer Charles Chaplin. In both of those jobs, Baldwin, now 93, exhibited a hedonistic, unhinged side. And later, he attracted paparazzi with the affections of Eva Longoria in "Hitchhiker's Guide To The Bizarre World of Adulthood."
(CNN) -- Passengers on a United Airlines flight on Monday helped subdue a man who they said stood up and screamed about the CIA, national security leaks and poison.|||Men from United seemed unafraid of him, he told one passenger. Multiple people stood on the aircraft's left side as two other men stood on the right and several people in blue shirts got on board, and police were called. A member of the U.S. Capitol Police who was on the aircraft outside Philadelphia told WCAU that 10 men were wearing emergency suits, including at least two with military field jackets. The man had no visible medical issue, he said. One person on the flight was holding a bag in his arm. It wasn't clear if he had a weapon, but the seat was made available to those in the back, the man told WCAU. He told WCAU, "You don't go around this people." He made a "horrific face" and was then tackled, WCAU said. "This guy is on the plane," another man said to the crowd. "He's holding a long, long knife and he's really screaming and he's hanging on the fence. ... And everyone thinks what he's doing is so upsetting." L. Thomas Carter, a survivor of the first anthrax attack in 1976, said that many Republicans believe that recent terrorism attacks were coordinated by the FBI. "Last July's killings in an F-15 aircraft in Montana and two U.S. military guards killed a young, upstanding, young black man in Saudi Arabia," Carter said in a statement. "A day after a president killed a U.S. Air Force pilot to protect an innocent man and a woman in that area, 15 years later, a gunman picked up and attacked four Republic of the Congo members of the FBI, who serve on the committee that prepares terrorist acts in the United States," he said. "In 1972, Congressman John Conyers of Georgia interrupted a government hearing in Lincoln, Nebraska, about the assassination of Abraham Lincoln with a list of names of five former federal agents charged with a variety of offenses. Conyers' lawyer denied the charges." "Every disgruntled citizen gripped by the strain of the anthrax attack has the right to an opinion," CNN's Wilson Hicks reported from Washington. CNN's Chuck Johnson and Allen Anderson contributed to this report.
President Barack Obama and John McCain are once again at odds over national security: this time, it's over the North Korean cyberattack on Sony Pictures.|||It isn't just about the rocket launches, it's also about the violation of the law; essentially, the husband and wife team are arguing over the drone where the United States threatened North Korea with a war on behalf of South Korea. The senators' House of Representatives introduced a resolution Friday that, when passed by the full Senate, calls for action on the North Korean threat to make it a nation state. The senators' resolution demands that the United States takes a more comprehensive role in its global response to North Korea's war games in Syria and in dealing with their nuclear and missile programs. It also calls for the release of Sony Pictures Corporation. The group blames North Korea for the attack but the president doesn't agree. He says the attack was carried out by "rogue agents" with the backing of the U.S. government. Russia accuses the North of the attack, and has so far said it is investigating the case and is trying to figure out who ordered the hack. CNN reported that North Korea was involved in some transactions in an online game that bounced back after the website was opened on January 6. We've also seen suspicious messages on Twitter about the apology Sony issued from North Korea. North Korea eventually made them. CNN added that the network hacked into the "war room" and other targeted systems. CNN reports that the following morning, one of the executives from North Korea denied information had been leaked to the media. "There has been no evidence of a hacking at the United States," one official told CNN. The 'kill switch' includes the NSA, DHS, and DHS, CNN said. CNN's Chris Cuomo joins CNN's Thom Barnes and Tim O'Brien in discussing the debate over North Korea and the missile threat. CNN's Channing Dungey, John Lynch, and Jeffrey Kuttner contributed to this report. CNN's Judith Martin contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- British newspapers are abuzz with speculation that Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine is expecting a girl after a member of the public reported hearing what seemed to be a hint that a daughter is on the way.|||The Duchess of Cambridge was photographed Thursday wearing a black gown and a black veil when she stepped out for her last official portrait shoot of the year at Chester Palace. Prince William himself shared a picture of himself and Catherine holding a blue-coated sheep on hand. They have yet to announce their son or daughter. Usually, the gender of the baby is kept secret during the duration of the pregnancy, but even before the Royal Baby announcement, British newspapers and magazines began to tout the indication that the child will be a girl. After Prince George's two-year engagement to Kate, the Duchess returned to UK royal duties as chief adviser to her husband, William. Just last week, her husband was photographed with his new wife and other high-profile people. One of those guests was Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, who confirmed the couple's engagement in a royal statement last week. As with many high-profile announcements, comments will be made to the media, but not any specific announcements. Media reports that the Duchess is pregnant to William's fourth child will be published as soon as Sunday.
More than 220 people have been rescued after two ice floes broke off from the Latvian coast and were blown into the Gulf of Riga, Latvian emergency services said Friday.|||Ice has broken off off the region's west coast. The two floes are located near Riga and have been seen blowing in the distance. Nearly 250 people have been rescued to save them, and some have suffered heavy damage. There have also been a number of earthquakes in the region. The U.S. National Weather Service has posted an Atlas Eruption Warning for what it says will be an "extremely intense" weather event of an extraordinary magnitude. The report said the worst weather since the 2001 U.S. winter storm Katrina was one of the cause. The said storm, which ended a month earlier than forecast, was blamed for 18 deaths. The U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres said the destructive storms have been circling Europe and the United States for months. "It is often rumored that the forces of sabotage are rising anew, awakening a global awakening which is conscious of the lack of present and future capital support, the most powerful and most positive aspects of energy, of renewal," Guterres said in a statement. "
(CNN) -- A CNN iReport showing people dancing on the floor of the North Carolina House of Representatives near the end of its legislative session is causing a bit of a stir.|||Report of River Snake Dance. As the picture shows, the dancing apparently involved donkeys, snakes, turtles and even snakes dressed in snake prints. The photos posted on CNN iReport also show people who appear to be shaking their heads and re-enacting a snake dance for the TV cameras. The person from the Jackson Police Department claims that a city detective was one of the first to come into the dance floor and see the crowd dancing. No body has said if they went back and looked, but that shows some of the dancing is still going on. CNN affiliate WBTV obtained the video and is seeking comment from the state House and Senate, as well as the publication of a joint press release on the move during the House session. North Carolina lawmakers were forced to make historic decisions last year. That ruling also included pardons of people who had served time in prison and other provisions that would have spared many residents long and painful lives.
(CNN) -- A 12-year-old girl allegedly kidnapped in South Carolina is back home after federal agents arrested the man accused of taking her, the FBI said Friday.|||Ilox Carey McClinton, or Lil Godley, 45, was arrested for the kidnapping and is due back in court next month, the FBI and Grand Jury said. The suspect is accused of kidnapping Lil Godley on June 29, the FBI said in a statement. "The FBI commends the child's loving and dedicated family for working so hard to bring her home," FBI Spokeswoman Maureen McCarthy-Walker said. "We know everyone will be happy and relieved to see her safely back home." She is the daughter of Alvin McClinton, a former Greenwood County sheriff, McClinton has confirmed. The 50-year-old McClinton allegedly molested a female inmate in the jail during an interrogation before they disappeared, McClinton said. There were 42 people in custody, but no murders or property losses, McClinton said. Prosecutors announced the charges against McClinton Thursday night. Assistant Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge Darrin Welton said McClinton pleaded guilty to one count of petty theft in return for the release of another adult. He will remain in federal custody while McClinton is in judicial custody. No charges have been filed against others in the case. McClinton declined to comment. The U.S. Marshals Service and the South Carolina Department of Justice are also investigating. McClinton's alleged abductor remains in custody, Faulk County State's Attorney Craig Neal said. McClinton was arrested after a brief, 20-day manhunt. The alleged abductor remains under a $500,000 bond, Neal said. Although McClinton denies any charges against him, he will be held without bail until a grand jury returns its case. McClinton was booked July 4 on suspicion of kidnapping, unlawful detention and being a felon in possession of a weapon, Neal said. McClinton was transferred to the Chicago Department of Public Safety a day later and has not been charged. Chicago police said Friday they are looking for McClinton after interviewing McClinton. "We will take everything that we can for him, if and when we can find him, we will arrest him and hold him accountable," Henry Crumley, a spokesman for Chicago police, told CNN in an email Friday. CNN's Jasmine Himmel, Michael Simmons, Carol Brown, and Deborah Zales contributed to this report.
The Venezuelan government says it is investigating allegations that unauthorized Brazilian gold miners killed dozens of Yanomami Indians in an attack in the Venezuelan Amazon.|||The mining company said it suffered three workers down as it dug for gold on June 29, but denied that anyone was hurt. The Indian Chief of the Yanomami tribe said that at least 20 Indians were shot dead in the attack, but authorities denied that. They accused miners of attacking their caravans. Juan Carlos da Cruz dos Rioz, the director general of Venezuela's mining agency, referred questions to the Central National Coordinator for the Environment. Earlier this year, Nicolas Maduro's government announced that it was strengthening efforts to protect indigenous communities in the Venezuelan Amazon and other parts of the hemisphere. Foreign leaders have said they are concerned by the rising violence. "Today, one of the major borders of Venezuelan society is being violated -- and not by the third party in the world -- and it is the same for the Brazilian indians who have been killing everyone at a multinational mining company in Venezuela," the Interior Ministry said in a statement. The statement said the Venezuelan government is "providing the necessary assistance and security to the brave and martyred residents of this volatile region." After the attack, the mayor of rural Oviedo County, Busi Abdi, condemned what he called "the insulting and criminal acts" of the accused. They accused the Yanomami Indians of killing and burning down buildings owned by the Yanomami. "The murder and robbery of 20 indian people [gave] a sense of the Nigerian warrior that could not comprehend," he said in a statement. "The people who did this to the indigenous community have a history and legacy of disrespecting and murdering Indians." The U.S. State Department's Office of the Indian Community in Illinois issued a statement Wednesday saying "it considers the claims of these Japanese indians to be 'urban disputes'. It is our position that American Indians cannot exploit the resources of Indian tribes to create their own cultures." The Illinois statement said the country is not considering relocating localities belonging to the "warring tribes" as "armed conflict continued in their respective region."
Hong Kong (CNN) -- An elderly woman infected with a strain of avian flu that is rarely seen in humans died in China earlier this month -- marking the first human fatality from the H10N8 virus.|||An 84-year-old woman from the village of Zhejiang, in China's northeast, died Monday. Guang County has carried out a preliminary investigation into what happened to the victim. The woman's husband has been hospitalized after becoming ill but remains stable and doing well, said the department of public health. "He is recovering and doing well," said Dr. Yu Jiyun, a local health official who was not named to speak to the media. The woman's husband, who did not wish to give his full name, was also admitted to a hospital on Monday morning and was in stable condition at 10 a.m., and is expected to recover, he said. None of the woman's known friends or family members have been sickened, he said. The virus that killed the woman is believed to have been a strain of H10N8, carried by flu-producing parrots and ducks. According to the country's Health Ministry, the virus was first detected in bird flu cases in Hong Kong, which is also in China. Several people in the island city were infected with bird flu and released to the mainland. However, early this month, another person infected with bird flu was hospitalized in Hong Kong, where the incident was first reported. Guang County contracted the H10N8 virus at an old railway station in Shenyang after contracting bird flu there, authorities said. The hospital in Hong Kong is said to have now been disinfected and the virus will not spread to mainland China, where it was originally discovered, according to the province. Guang County in general is not far from the island's 3.5 million people, according to Health Department figures, but about half of the 2.9 million cases in Hong Kong come from people who are not infected by the H10N8 virus. Hong Kong is the most populous of three Chinese provinces -- Hainan, Guangdong and Shaanxi -- which are all experiencing heightened levels of flu activity in the past few months, according to the department. Guang County officials asked residents to avoid groups like those in Hong Kong where the disease has been particularly prevalent. They asked people to avoid groups and people in Hong Kong to avoid causing damage to the human population. The virus, named avian influenza, was imported from U.S. rats and was first found in the area three weeks ago. Two of those who became infected with the virus were infected with the H10N8 strain in the province of Qinghai. Researchers attributed both cases to an illness caused by China's ruminant species of the bird flu virus. The virus spread from person to person within a week of infection, the department said. "Both patients and healthcare staff had no fear of being sick and were alert when they took turns giving medications to them," said Yu Juyun. Another flu-like illness, H1N1, is sweeping China. According to China's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, nearly 50,000 people fell ill and 34,000 were hospitalized due to flu last year. In 2010, 34,000 people died from flu-like illnesses in China, an outbreak common at this time. "H1N1 has been implicated in all the outbreaks, possibly due to its transmission in humans," said Yu. "It is important that health-care providers and the public be alert to infections that are not completely spread, as many infections could have more serious complications." Hong Kong's Department of Health said it is working with hospitals and surrounding communities and resources to expand infection control and surveillance. "The risk of infection by viruses is high in areas that have no time limit to fight them," Yu said. The department identified a strain of H10N8 virus in the virus that became very sick in Guangzhou, which is part of the country's southwest.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Lindsay Lohan missed her flight back home from a Hawaiian vacation, but she will be back in Los Angeles in time for an important court appearance Wednesday, her spokesman said Tuesday.|||And, who received a warning from authorities that she could face additional charges if she tried to leave, the same district attorney's office where she filed a previous sex-related complaint said, "Lindsay Lohan and Keith Carradine, ages 20 and 43, were presented to the Randolph County Jail last Monday night and both agreed to stay there pending the outcome of today's arraignment." The charges, filed in Dallas County Superior Court last month, are sexual battery on a child under 14, lewdness and production of obscene material. Lohan's daughter, Shayla, turns 15 on Monday, and Lohan, 24, went missing for a couple of days in Alaska during the Disney vacation. She told police she left early that day to help escape her mother's "fix." Police say she used cocaine, and investigators say they found marijuana and cocaine in her car. Police in Leavenworth, Kansas, said Monday that Lohan's arrest on a charge of misdemeanor battery from 2005 came after an assault on her out-of-state boyfriend. Their case, in Louisiana, is in Louisiana because the allegation is based on her son's test results in Florida, where she's from, authorities said. The state attorney general's office filed the charges in May, accusing Lohan of beating up her neighbor in Luling, Louisiana. That case has been described as a $2,500 civil fine. In another 2008 case, Lohan was charged with misdemeanor battery on her brother, who is now with police in New York state, according to police. "His boss at the time was not out," said Lohan's attorney at the time of the charge. Lohan's sister and attorney could not immediately be reached for comment. Lohan, who went by Shayla DiLucca when she was on vacation in Hawaii, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol, drug paraphernalia and driving without a license in May 2000, according to police, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The case, and the lawsuit Lohan faces, are cases she entered into voluntarily. According to the lawsuit, Lohan's father is one of several people with whom his daughter had an affair, and that he is prohibited from doing so. Lohan, who has not entered a plea, reportedly had sex with three men. Court documents allege that the relationships were part of a plan to have the one guy she's with be her "daddy." Lohan, who turned 16 last June, said her grandmother "always instilled in me the value and responsibility of honesty and integrity," but told police that her grandmother forbade it. Court documents state that Lohan told the authorities that the men in Louisiana talked her into having the relationship and that her father and brother felt threatened. Law enforcement officials are investigating the nature of the accident and are trying to find out what led to Lohan's arrest. "This is a ridiculous situation," said Lohan's defense attorney, Lanny Sauer.
Washington (CNN) -- A judge's claim that she was ordered to always rule in the U.S. Coast Guard's favor in cases against civilian mariners cannot be substantiated, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general concluded Tuesday.|||The report concludes the prosecution rests less than 50% on the charge of committing charges against civilians to the United States. The claim against the Maritime Regional Center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, stemmed from a 2001 indictment of two Maritime Regional Center managers -- stevedore Gail Thompson and marine supervisor Ed Charron -- in the North Carolina Harbor. The Marine Corps investigation also found no supporting evidence. A 2014 report concluded the criminal violations occurred "not within the jurisdiction of the Maritime Regional Center." The 2007 military seal hull smuggling trial produced evidence of improper lax enforcement and "illegally planted" evidence, said the inspector general report. The Marine Regional Center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is on a seven-month furlough pending criminal prosecution, the report said. Prosecutors allege all or part of the maritime Regional Center's facilities were a major source of cocaine and weapons for criminal activity and tried to force marine centers to destroy equipment in its custody, the report said. The Coast Guard has dismissed charges against three other maritime regional center managers, charging them with intentionally refusing to interview federal officials during investigations. A civilian vessel, a Coast Guard cutter, was recently charged with theft. In addition, three Marine Corps officers and two enlisted men were taken into custody in January in the case. The U.S. Navy investigated the two Navy vessels in October, 2012, and determined the vessel was not a true target because piracy was not a factor, the report said. It said the two men had lost employment after the incident. The missing Navy vessel is currently in East Texas, with two other vessels also deemed potentially criminal. One American vessel -- a Navy Federal Coastal Search and Rescue cutter -- is located at a coastal city in the Gulf of Mexico, which charges that it was attacked when it was investigating the said vessel's long-term care facility near Galveston. The four-man Coast Guard cutter has not been found. The Naval Institute has several documented safety issues with the Coast Guard and Marine Corps C-12s, and it does consider the Virginia cutter strike capability, the report noted. The inspector general said the Gulf of Mexico Bridge Incident "shows little or no collateral value" and the Coast Guard lacks foresight "regarding its missions." A Navy C-12's cabin crew was sentenced to 36 months in prison, and remains in custody, according to court documents. The Maritime Regional Center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, filed the suit and the magistrate judge's ruling was thrown out last year after he found she made a mix-up when he first ruled in her favor. The ruling was issued in 2004. The Navy declined to comment on the report, but is unlikely to change its position on the lawsuit. CNN's Alex Flores contributed to this report.
(Ars Technica) -- Buying a home video game console may soon become a lot more like buying a cell phone, according to a new report suggesting Microsoft is planning to offer a subsidized, $99 bundle including a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor to anyone who commits to two years of a new, $15 monthly online service package.|||The report suggests Microsoft may offer discounted gaming bundles to both existing and new customers. According to the story, the Xbox Live Gold trade show, which appears scheduled to take place in September, would offer consumers a two-year $99 package, in which companies would be allowed to offer discounted controllers and games, as well as a digital version of both of those free. It's unclear what additional products the sales team would be adding to the bundle, however. The first group to be offered a subsidized Xbox Live Gold bundle would be developers T-Mobile, adidas and other app developers who feature a music and file download service. The bundle would come at a discounted price of $149.70, the same as the base Xbox Live Gold bundle. Cost of a monthly service package: $15 The suit says Microsoft may offer new gaming and entertainment services for both Xbox Live Gold players and pre-existing Xbox Live Gold members. The first Xbox Live Gold bundle will not include multiplayer online games and purchase permits for new games from developers, the store report says. The report says developers could ultimately be required to install services, which would include audio downloads and a file-sharing service. A potential video game bundle could feature games like "The Duke Nukem Forever" and "Juggernaut," the news report says. Another plan might require the addition of the "Last Call"-style Xbox Live Gold, which is designed to boost the first-person shooter gameplay, according to the report. The service's modules offer complete phone functionality in games and maps the same way as in the console versions of those titles, the source said. The partnership could have retail availability from October, the report says. Beyond the difference in the cost between Xbox Live Gold and the console version, the 360 could be used for games like "Battlefield 2" and "Grand Theft Auto V" in the same package. Wired.com reported earlier this month that the Xbox Live Gold had been selling in droves, usually to people already purchasing the console. But it would probably come as a surprise if the G-S-B.22 or the "G-S-34" instead. Microsoft declined to comment on the report's allegations.
(CNN) -- Standing 6 feet 3 inches (1.9 meters) tall and with a shaved head, fashion designer Ozwald Boateng often cuts a dash as much as his tailored suits.|||Berry band name, O.O. Boateng's diamond bracelet and diamond watch. And last year, a clothesline he built has arrived in East Africa. It's like a diamond-studded ship, shaped and trimmed with black rags, neatly laid out by two men who sit in front of the window to talk while he admires his work. "I tried to light up whatever person will see me," a grinning Boateng told CNN on the phone. "When somebody is breathing the magic air of an African living in New York, some people get the idea of going there," he said. "But they are long-winded," Boateng said, as if to add, "so here, whatever it is, just like me. My daughter is screaming out for me to bring her. "In just a few short hours, I will take off that black shirt." But what if an African street-side shop owner wouldn't let him leave his tiny burgundy suit? The sailor-style suit would be too bulky on the Londoner, Boateng said. So as a "fashion point" Boating gives inspiration to his mod stars: Bella Thorne, Angelica Garcia and Victoria Beckham. Boateng never singles out the wearer as an inspiration, he said. "Everything in life is part of your journey, so I teach people respect, respect and appreciation even when things are tough."
(CNN) -- Every syllable that could have possibly been uttered on Rosen v. Romney, the latest offshoot of the demonstrably dopey Democrat-fabricated "War on Women" has already been said.|||The incumbent was originally announced as Mitt Romney's Republican opponent Tuesday in an interview with conservative talk radio host Eric Bolling. Biden, in particular, was a No. 1 Republican so far who, among other things, espouses the importance of inclusion for women. The Romney campaign didn't know whether to suggest that Mitt Romney was a rise at the Democratic Party or a candidate for Senate from the party's strongest Republican state: the Midwest, in common with both Virginia and Michigan. On ABC, Bryant Lapidus and Rosalynn Bono talked about Romney's age, new 'Tonight Show' role, the modern-day equivalent of Ike Simpson. The liberal CNN/ORC International poll revealed that a recent Heritage Foundation analysis that found that a combined 62% of whites support Gingrich over Romney's 50%. While there are exceptions -- Goldwater, Gingrich and Kristen Welsh -- the Republican-voting majority for Obama's anti-choice "war on women" isn't without its ideological flaws. Just think about the effort taken by Fox News to co-opt Michelle Obama over her willingness to work, support a second woman and work with moderate Republicans to push for health care reform. Meanwhile, the Tea Party currently has every opportunity to use her candidacy to bolster its anti-choice agenda. The Republican standard is formulated by its talk show hosts, but it's still a campaign that does its damage instead of moving towards the reform of marriage and criminal justice systems. Obama, Romney and Biden -- with a few other controversial exceptions -- support "women's rights" and "segregation," as the president put it in his speech. "The Obama years have been dominated by claims of women's rights. They have highlighted the disregard for other women who don't agree with their religious views, equal treatment for minorities, and higher rates of domestic violence," according to the presidential campaign's Web site. Obama has faced similar charges in the past, and pointed out in his remarks Tuesday that while he supports same-sex marriage, he doesn't think they ought to be "more limited than guys with guns." In addition, Obama never recognized that "because these issues pertain to women, they are not only important to Republicans, but they're the most important issues of our time," the president said. An answer to those baseless claims, said Obama, who himself, is an outsider and social moderate who "prevents people from exercising their religious freedom to believe that they are better than everyone else. He treats people like that, and he is constantly on people's backs -- including women." In fact, Republican House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California brought the charges and sent a woman out of the house to investigate her again after Rep. Carol Shea-Porter declared "she is not a person who will try to influence others -- and by the way, you would be surprised at what a skillful aide she is!" Kelly Ann Steans, the Republican Party's former head of Latino outreach, was the very first woman to introduce Obama in his role as the president's running mate. People are very upset when they hear that "it's illegal to be treated so poorly by men and their sexual preferences, because that doesn't make any sense," Steans said, vowing that if elected, Obama would ban "white folks from eating meat without ever, ever getting to know their children," and to keep doing whatever he wants with Americans until we reach that point. Slice bread for government's "war on women" -- just ask China's Bill and Hillary Clinton. Oh, but there's more. The Senate has started taking calls from lesbian and gay men and women, and it's on the verge of banning the practice of civil unions. I have to wonder how we'll ever get to a time when we don't receive those requests.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Boys may soon be able to get Gardasil, the vaccine given to girls and young women to prevent infection by four types of human papillomavirus.|||The vaccine is still not marketed in the United States. If the provision passes, it could allow kids and young women in Oregon and other states to get the vaccine at no additional cost to them. At the moment, only girls and young women are eligible for the vaccine. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, part of the National Institutes of Health, says that condition will be removed once Gardasil is approved for girls and young women ages 7 to 17. Federal court approval of the change to the laws in both states was issued Thursday. Gardasil is designed to protect children, teens and people with sexual or genetic abnormalities from infection, health officials said. The "preventative approach to vaccination allows continued education, counseling and education for vulnerable populations like sexual minorities and persons with AIDS," according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control. The Gardasil vaccine is given in two forms: an oral vaccine and a vaccine in tablet form. Doctors may require that girls and young women be vaccinated "with just a few basic reasons," CDC officials said. All Gardasil shots will be provided in writing by physicians, not by a medical professional, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "The main goal is to protect children and young women against risky sexually transmitted diseases or parasites. Gardasil protects kids at early risk and prevents sexually transmitted diseases. We believe this vaccination system is able to prevent the risk of sexually transmitted disease and protect against pregnancy and childbirth," the CDC said. Patients are more likely to be males, according to the CDC.
Two people have been killed and 45 others were wounded when clashes broke out during anti-government protests in Thailand's capital, an official said.|||They have accused an attacker of firing on police and wounding protesters, the official said. As many as 25 people have been arrested, the government said. They include 16 law enforcement officers, nine court guards and 19 people who had worked for the government, the official added. Three police officers died on Tuesday when clashes broke out between protesters and police outside the Krabi government complex in Bangkok, the official said. The junta-installed government ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on an interim basis in July, following months of protests calling for his reinstatement, the first by pro-government protesters since the country was overthrown by the military. Bangkok's anti-government protesters are calling for a full reconciliation with Thaksin. The government in response has canceled planned nationwide vote on whether to restore a previous government. Bangkok protesters are chanting against Thaksin, a former leader they accused of betraying the nation in the 1990s. Protests have continued since Thaksin was ousted, with hundreds of thousands of protesters occupying Bangkok and other cities.
(CNN) -- At last the mystery has been solved.|||True to a young brown man who reported another ill student, Georgia 18-year-old Jeffrey McBath, on facebook. "BTH," the man wrote in the comment section. CNN's Rusty Oakes contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- A peacock that had escaped from the Central Park Zoo returned home on its own Wednesday morning, the Wildlife Conservation Society told CNN.|||News has reported of incidents where animals disappeared from the zoo. Most recently, a groundhog shot and killed a turkey during a fall bird hunt last week and killed about one in 10 animals in the zoo, including birds, rodents, sea turtles and other animals. Two young birds from the African Wild Swainson Bandbush -- a species of small finch -- were killed earlier this month, along with king penguin and orca. Two of the injured birds cut their wings in the getaway, two weeks after they ran from the zoo. Little River showed the bodies to animal control officials at the hospital and released them. One of the injured birds, a male named Lucky, came out of his dormitory, leaving a pool of blood on the floor. The gray-streaked, three-foot-long bird, which is one of the largest birds in the wild, was rescued. The other injured bird, an African Falcon, is being kept in a bird sanctuary, Wildlife Conservation Society spokeswoman Anne Farnell said. NBC5's Kim Holmes, Steven Boak, Elaine Freren and Darrel McCormick reported from the exhibit during a visit by Walter Ross of Fox News' "Today" program. CNN's Elaine Frolic contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Baseball-size hail pelted parts of Nebraska Tuesday as severe thunderstorms swept through the region.|||A couple got hit by hail as they waited to get to a car in northern Nebraska. U.S. Forest Service firefighters are reviewing reports of damage in the county. The hailstorm may have been caused by thunderstorms that sped through the area during the last week. "What a hail. What a hail," Jennifer Walters said. In Pottawattamie County, near the Iowa border, 10,000 hail balls fell, Walters said. The hail was huge in some areas. "You just couldn't believe it," Dallas Parkshire said. "There were schools that were canceled. People that were out of town were asked to go home." The storms hit northeast-central Missouri as a few individuals were killed in a tornado. In northwestern Wyoming, 11 people were killed when a tornado touched down in Niles, George Leeowee said. A man was killed in Harrison, Nebraska. "The community was just going to do what they had to do and they just ... couldn't do it. They wanted to give the kids something that would keep them safe," Leeowee said. At least 18 people were treated in hospitals and eight were released. The National Weather Service predicts the severe storms will continue to affect the Plains.
London (CNN) -- Rights groups have slammed a lunch hosted by Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Friday for including monarchs criticized for their countries' human rights records.|||"The Queen of the United Kingdom has visited the Emirate of Dubai for the first time today to support a bid by the United Arab Emirates government to grant a Diamond Jubilee award to a human rights investigator," said Amnesty International UK head Richard Stephens. "This purpose is clear: Royal edict 170, which would outlaw the abuse of a public function of power and other services and standard of living, is used as an excuse by the UK government to uphold a legal system that was designed to break up and prosecute individuals accused of crimes against humanity, whatever their motivation. "Such an abdication of responsibility does not undermine the integrity of its role or its social value, nor does it stand in the way of its positive role in protecting human rights," said Stephens. The British Open University has called for the government to grant amnesty to all international offenders sentenced to eight years in prison for providing false information, false testimony and cooperation. "We call on the government to use its political power to fund the education of all of its representatives and is to step up its efforts to inspire them to rejoin public life in the way they used to." "Our government, through the chair of the Royal Museum of London, is key in addressing this problem, through the institution of a Royal Commission," said Tony Woodhouse of the Overseas Poverty Observatory.
Washington (CNN) -- A computer hacker responsible for creating and operating a massive scam that infected as many as 12 million computers worldwide has been identified and arrested, authorities said Wednesday.|||The United States federal government arrested a man who it said is responsible for the vast number of computers that were infected with computer viruses, the Bureau of Investigation said in a statement. The alleged hacker, Victor Scott Johnson, 39, who appears to be from California, was identified by a Facebook post touting the aggressive campaign for women against the Obama administration. "By all reports, the investigation has revealed that Henderson is an extremely serious individual," FBI spokesman J. Christopher Giancarlo said. "Despite his crimes and elaborate web site design, it appears that he continued to provide services to victims in his cyber-hacking operations to protect his victims." Photos: Feds take down skydiver and anti-govt.gov hub. "FBI has executed a search warrant for Mr. Scott Johnson to take him into custody for alleged cyber-crimes and other offenses," Giancarlo said. The FBI will continue to investigate "what prompted the hacker to create and operate his malware-based network of websites and apps aimed at computer users throughout the world," he said. "We have not been able to validate the specific criminal action that Mr. Williamson is charged with." CNN's KKCJ, KALW and SBC affiliate ABC-TV contributed to this report. Originally published on June 19, this article was amended and condensed to reflect the newly released evidence.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Two-year-old Tangena Hussain vanished three months ago in the Detroit suburb of Hamtramck, Michigan, and police say the trail has gone cold.|||NEW FAMILY MEMBER WHO BROKE THE COPYRIGHT OF THE POLICE AND KILLED her 3-1/2 YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER is being re-filed in the case, according to New York City police. "It is not surprising that the public would have this question and interest and fight for us to get into our own case," Chief Louis Mardi told CNN affiliate WDIV on Thursday. Hussain, whose real name is Issak Malik Hussain, was 5-feet, 3-inches tall and 20 pounds when she disappeared in June 23rd from the nearby murray park. Hussain, a Muslim from Bradford, Pennsylvania, was visiting with family in her home province of the Philippines, according to Cmdr. Maureen Young, Humble Wiechersky, a spokeswoman for Paul Ward, the prosecutor's office. Investigators have continued their search for the girl for two weeks, but they still have no leads, Young said. Authorities have re-organized the case and have started a mental-health assessment for Hussain. One aspect of the investigation that is still holding investigators is her artwork. In addition to her photographs, she had on her bed was paintings by Nouvelle Caravigna, in which she posed and changed outfits and, according to Grand Rapids Police Chief Mark Bradley, displayed her most prized possessions on the floor in front of a door. Holly Tinkler, Tangena's mother, provided more details. CNN's Sheryl Lesko contributed to this report.
Tokyo (CNN) -- A Japanese helicopter plucked the pilot of a U.S. fighter jet from the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday after an unspecified problem forced him to eject in mid-flight.|||A U.S. Marine Corps helicopter mistook the parachute of the 12-year-old pilot for a parachute that was lying open just beyond the emergency line, said an aerial video provided by Defense Department spokesman Chris Cox. The pilot's parachute -- the sole survivor -- was recovered by rescuers. Japan's Maritime Self-Defense Force and the U.S. Pacific Command were being called in to help carry out the rescue. The helicopter landed near the USS Brawley Marine Corps Base in Hawaii, which is refueling the aircraft, Cox said. The rescue mission took about two hours, during which the pilot was able to surrender. In the incident, the first marine to arrive on the scene identified him as the rescue team member before the U.S. Coast Guard chopper arrived later. Authorities are conducting a criminal investigation into the incident, Cox said. The incident occurred about 1.7 miles northeast of Japan's northern island of Hokkaido, where a tornado battered the area Monday. The fighter jet was headed to Pohang, South Korea, for refueling, according to the Korea Defense Command website. More from South by South.
(CNN) -- Time to make some popcorn, light a few candles and fire up the flatscreen -- to celebrate National Kissing Day on July 6, travel website Travelzoo has released a list of the world's top 10 romantic movie locations.|||The most romantic movie theaters of the world will celebrate Valentine's Day with a show or two on that magic carpet. You'll find these Hollywood-style scenes, mixed with popular romance themes, where you can see people you've seen in other movies. But you shouldn't expect to get the movie over that. These movies are usually comedies, so you'll probably find them showing in romantic settings: central and late-night bars, country clubs, theaters, malls, movie houses, etc. Other common themes are dates between two people, including romantic comedies. "What's the one thing that everybody knows about someone you've seen in the movies that matters most to them? Their relationship of attraction," the most romantic film websites say.
(CNN) -- Western Sydney Wanderers became the first Australian club to win the Asian Champions League after a goalless draw away to Saudi Arabia's Al Hilal ensured a closely fought 1-0 aggregate victory in the tournament final Saturday.|||The Wanderers previously won the Australian league title in 1992 and 1993, their second-leg win last season duly secured the feat. "We have deserved to be champions," the Western Sydney player declared after scoring his third goal for the side -- his 14th league goal in 33 league matches, the Serie A side's third in 12 appearances against Italian side Juventus and sporting director Steve Gould urged his players to take inspiration from his team mates after Bayern Munich's 3-0 aggregate win over Italian side AC Milan in the previous round. The Swiss club took further pre-season build-up, however, being victorious in the prestigious World Champions League on Sunday at Serie A side AC Milan. The Spaniards' superstar talisman Cristiano Ronaldo came off the bench in the 70th minute to score the opening goal -- only for Khalid Mohammed of Al Hilal to equalise four minutes later and substitute Zamad Amin head in from the penalty spot. Al Hilal's second goal in five minutes was enough to seal their place as champions. Goalkeeper Ahsan Sabat D'Anous told the Courier-Mail newspaper he was not sure whether Mohamed should have been sent off on 74 minutes. D'Anous started and he earned a thumping celebration with Khalid after the former Celtic and Real Madrid star got the ball past goalkeeper Michy Batshuayi. Mohammad later made amends with a stoppage-time finish to give the hosts a 1-0 victory in the 77th minute. Al Hilal were denied a 2-1 win on the away goal when Gago Fatou of Mumbai lost a fierce challenge on Marco Verratti in the 79th minute of the match. Kassa Pique from Anderlecht opens scoring. Hull City's free-scoring Henry Gunnarsson made his long awaited first-team debut as the French club, who are currently languishing in 17th position in the Eredivisie, smashed through on goal five minutes after half-time to open the scoring and he finished the scoring a minute later. Runner-up Bordeaux also advanced to the next round after defeating Dutch champions Rotterdam 3-0 and "Bayern full stop. It is without doubt fantastic," Bordeaux captain Thiago Silva was quoted as saying in the press release from the club. "I do not think I have had a season like this before. How much I have enjoyed it is amazing and rewarding." In other goalscoring news, Monaco moved up to world number three when Cameroon winger Koulibaly, who had been on a seven-month loan at Dutch outfit, won his first cap at 19. Spanish defender Pique completed a memorable season by scoring four goals in four matches for Barcelona as they continue to build a strong defense with Javier Lvante Pique among the player's leaders.
New York (CNN) -- Trinidad native Kareem Ibrahim was convicted Thursday of conspiring to detonate fuel tanks and a fuel pipeline at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, according to a statement from the U.S. Eastern District Court of New York.|||Ibrahim, 27, is accused of coordinating with former and current New York city police officer Henry Fryar in the conspiracy to take over fuel storage and open a caging truck while, the FBI said, Henry Henry, an assistant district attorney, acted as lead investigator and became a trial witness for the prosecution. Ibrahim was found guilty by a grand jury and imprisoned for nearly three years, the agency said. The government said Ibrahim instigated and covered up violations of the Federal Traffic Violations Act with shipments of flammable products at JFK in preparation for a "large scale" fire. The court heard he confessed to leading a "joint operation" with Fryar in 2009 that first exploded 10 loads of Cheat Gas gas tanks on two towers at the airport. "I wanted to conduct a 5,000-pound bomb to go into a storage truck, in a fast-moving vehicle and use the truck for storage, which would travel to another tank and a tube at an injection site," according to the statement. "Friedar and I plotted to move the explosives to one tube, and then another tube. Ultimately, we thought they would explode." In addition to the attack at the airport, a fire at a corporate branch of the Philippine Oil Pipeline and chemical supplier Arka Breweries contributed to a gasoline explosion in California this summer. Federal prosecutors allege that Ibrahim bought and broke up a plant used to clean motor gasoline at one of the Asia Pacific's biggest oil pipelines in 2006 and which used chemicals in flammable drums containing heavy metals to detonate fuel at a terminal that leaked energy and overheated. The pipeline explosion in California killed 35 people. Ibrahim was brought from Trinidad, where he was living before the April 29 bombing. CNN's Hank Hammell contributed to this report.
(CNN)Pope Francis has stirred up a hornet's nest with remarks in which he said it's OK for parents to spank children, so long as they do it with dignity.|||Pope Francis: I don't believe you have to beat your children for discipline. The comments came during a news conference at the Vatican on Saturday where the pope told reporters to make sure there were no new forms of authority, adding, "They must become more like us." He said he expects parents will adopt the non-violent method. "I don't think it's so bad if somebody breaks it for discipline," the pope said. "They must be treated with dignity, like any other discipline. And how it impacts us is totally on its own. In fact, that's all that counts, is that these are for discipline."
(CNN) -- Authorities warned of high temperatures and strong winds Sunday as hundreds of firefighters battle a northern Colorado blaze that has destroyed almost 200 homes.|||That fire contained through a breach in the walls of a firefield. A containment tent on site reported 15 unburned homes were damaged in the firestorm, but high winds and dry conditions continue to stifle firefighters as the blaze mounts up to 480 acres of mostly grass and brush. The fire was sparked Saturday when heavy winds blew in from the Indian Head canyon, east of the Feather River Indian Reservation, a sheriff said. The fire jumped through control lines, sent firefighters scrambling to open the gates of a tribal residential site and sent dozens of hoses down. American Red Cross rescue volunteers have been battling the blaze since Saturday. Crews also got a boost as they gain ground against another nearby blaze, burning much of a coal mine. At least 150 fire engines and dozens of air and heavy-bombardment trucks supported the massive blaze. Meanwhile, more than 20 to 25 retardant planes are in the area fighting the blaze. The blaze was populated primarily by ranchers but has forced about 7,500 residents to leave, the Santa Rita Volunteer Fire Department said. There are no reports of injuries or damages in the homes and cattle, but three evacuees were taken to a Huntsville, Alabama, fire station.
(CNN) -- Residents are still dealing with the aftermath of Irene -- a massive storm that pummeled the East Coast.|||Nearby bridge, Irene's battered, inland communities experienced severe flooding. Residents still wonder about the hard-hit places, like Martha's Vineyard, which was devastated by Hurricane Irene. "We have a long, long road coming," Carol Joyce, with the Union Pacific Transportation Authority, told CNN. A handful of people who were admitted into the hospital have not left, Joyce said. "There are fatalities. We have had to pull them off," she said. Her daughter was taken to the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs, for treatment for pneumonia, which also claimed the life of her husband, Michael. "He's in critical condition." Unfortunately, many have lost loved ones. On Monday, an American Red Cross official said a funeral had been held for one man who lost a loved one to the storm. "This has the possibility of becoming a funeral home because it could be a funeral home," the official said. One person in Lenox, Massachusetts, died as he walked from a restaurant in Sandy, West Virginia, to his family's home in Rolla, North Carolina. Another was taken to a North Carolina hospital and died of organ failure. Doctors hope to begin organ donation today and will expect to receive support donations through Friday.
(CNN) -- Before women gained the right to vote in 1920, Besse Cooper joined the suffrage movement.|||All these activists are women, and their influence spans back decades. "I am a woman, and I've been fighting for women's rights and in various other ways to make it a more equal society," said Brown, who was 87 at the time. Cooper was a champion of women's rights. She worked in a variety of capacities in the women's movement, fighting for the rights of their peers, while crusading for it in her home country. "I think there are six things that I think I've always known for sure: I was never alone in that struggle, my name is still a symbol of that. It's the people, and it's the people who have made it the kind of thing we need." A former suffragette and Communist Party member from New York, Cooper identified her cause with the American Women's Suffrage League, as well as the revolutionary organization's goals of increasing the purchasing power of women so they could give those who were black, poor or old a voice. Some of Cooper's best-known achievements are the crusade she led to win women's suffrage, her pro bono work and her work against alcoholism. CNN's Connie Ebel covered the women's movement and explained its roots.
(CNN) -- Los Angeles police have launched an internal investigation to determine who leaked a picture that appears to show a bruised and battered Rihanna.|||The photos were taken by Los Angeles Police officer Mario Gandolfi while the singer was under arrest. Then, upon hearing the news, one of the officers, Ronald Olivieri, asked a Los Angeles police officer, who lived in the neighborhood that the photo reportedly shows, to make contact with the public. The image from a blurry photo posted on social media Friday night clearly showed bruise marks on Rihanna's face. Although it was unclear exactly what allegedly happened, many people responded to the images with negative comments about the singer's image. Police Superintendent Eddie Melendez called them "compelling material, not true reporting about a serious incident or a particularly serious incident." "This is ridiculous," Melendez told CNN on Tuesday. "My officers believe this is, as we say, shocking." Three days after the photo was posted online, Rihanna's lawyers filed a lawsuit against the LAPD and terminated a contract. A source familiar with the situation said emails linked to the leak said the images were leaked to Verizon, whose content is no longer available. The leaked photo was seen on Rihanna's social media accounts. Crowds of people in the video are opposed to the image and believe the rapper should be sent some kind of punishment. Her teams have also called the police to retaliate against anyone who exposed her image, including a statement by Boston police Wednesday saying "the actions of those who published this photo were not in accordance with our policies." "The recent public information release is not in line with the department's and is no longer going to be tolerated," the statement continued. "The Boston Police Department is cooperating fully with the investigation. President Barack Obama and other law enforcement officials met with Rihanna's representatives in New York and spoke with her on Tuesday to offer support." CNN's Kareem Edwards, William Huddleston, Dana Bash, Brittany Warner and Brittany McGann contributed to this report.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- "Barefoot Bandit" Colton Harris-Moore has sold the movie rights to his life story to 20th Century Fox, a studio spokesman said Thursday.|||Harris-Moore, 30, whose real name is the real Mary Barclay, is best known for playing police detective Tom Kellar to the rest of the world as "Barefoot Bandit" but will not appear in the motion picture. "I am happy to announce this wonderful opportunity that I've been given by 20th Century Fox for me to make my first motion picture that I'm going to direct," Harris-Moore, who previously directed half of an animated feature film and won an Emmy Award for his work directing 104 episodes of the AMC "Family Guy" television series, said in a statement. Thomas Taggart and Lenore Ruiz are executive producing. Harris-Moore is known for many other roles -- he produced the 1995 Howard Stern comedy "The Naked Gun," directed the 1988 movie "Eye of the Tiger" and has had guest spots in films like "Miss Congeniality," "Captain Blood" and "The Thing." Upon his retirement in August, Harris-Moore will be 54, seven years older than Shaquille O'Neal, who retires from television acting next year, according to Taggart.
(CNN) -- Oklahoma health officials said Friday they are searching for the source of a rare form of E. coli that has killed one person and sickened 116 others in the northeastern part of the state.|||More than 10,000 cases of E. coli have been reported in northeast Oklahoma, officials said. The deadliest case has been in the town of Fayetteville, about 30 miles north of Tulsa. E. coli has caused the death of 54-year-old Joan Robinson, an E. coli killer, officials said. Three other people are in critical condition, officials said. The outbreak is being investigated by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, according to an outbreak summary obtained by CNN. If the cases are linked, "they appear to involve the same source of consumption of a food product, Listeria monocytogenes, that led to Mr. Robinson's death," said Dr. David Ripley, a health department spokesman. In most cases, he added, the E. coli infected adults and children, either are eating contaminated food or are drinking contaminated beverages. This is the largest outbreak in decades.
(CNN) -- After three days of horrifying images from Kiev, February 21 brought tentative good news from the Ukrainian capital. President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Oleh Tyahnybok and Arseniy Yatsenyuk concluded an agreement on a political settlement. If it holds, it offers Ukrainians a peaceful path out of the crisis that has gripped their country for the past three months.|||K and Enduring efforts by President Viktor Yanukovych to reach an agreement with the opposition opposition led by Vitali Klitschko and Oleh Tyahnybok, who both served as Prime Minister of Ukraine before he was dismissed, and Opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk concluded an agreement on a political settlement. (Previously, "The Turchynovite Platform" suggested a possible compromise, but the Kyiv Post announced in a February 16, 2012, article in the Kyiv Post that Ukraine's leaders had agreed on a more immediate solution.) Clashes escalated rapidly the past few days, as the arrest of opposition figures and the failure of a pro-government referendum to end the standoff worsened conditions for both sides. The situation deteriorated overnight Tuesday. The police presence in central Kiev was reduced, as officers moved to prevent snipers from opening fire on police officers. The standoff appeared set to continue into the early morning Wednesday. At 7 a.m. Wednesday, gunmen opened fire on police officers in an area where they believed an ambush was under way. For the first time in nine months, snipers appeared to be responsible for the violence in the area. Reports from the scene suggest as many as 20 dead and more than 100 wounded. Ukraine's security forces faced off with snipers who had advanced in the street -- at least 300 meters from the perimeter. They attacked three homes Wednesday. Up until about 9 a.m., Ukrainian troops were trapped at the square where snipers were operating, but they were allowed to leave at 10 a.m. The snipers' position was moved to a residence in eastern Kiev. As the first shots were fired, snipers returned with their guns drawn. Security forces only used their battle rifles, and there was no risk of contact between sniper fire and the police officers or their vehicles. The sniper "capacity may be limited but snipers can use any weapons they like," the Defense Ministry said. Israel, the United States, and the European Union are also watching closely. U.S. Ambassador Tom T. Frieden called the Ukrainian revolt in the city "disgraceful and threatening" and asked those involved in the violence to keep themselves safe. "We will continue to support the steps by President Yanukovych in calling for the return of the dead and injured from the Ukrainian territory to the civilian population, even if at the expense of the loss of the lives of the Ukrainian people," he told reporters in Jerusalem. "The Ukrainians deserve better than that." Israeli Foreign Minister Ariel Sharon said the region's sovereignty over parts of Syria is tied to the closer ties with Israel, but "that does not mean Ukraine has to be Ukrainian." President Viktor Yanukovych, left, in February. Rights activist Dmitry Kimtsov tells CNN that he believes Ukraine's international community should use its influence and instead warn Iran, a regime that is in the process of expelling Crimean dictator Bashar al-Assad. Kimtsov, who was born in the United States but now lives in Ukraine, warned of the U.S. threat to continue to create problems for Ukraine if the country does not agree to the terms of the ceasefire. "We want the peace agreement to be executed. The treaty it was made in 2012 to ratify their mutual friendship must be implemented and there will be a judicial amnesty," he told CNN, calling on Russia and Ukraine to work together to address the conflict. Ukraine's Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych: The future of Ukraine lies in Ukraine. The new media frequently complains about Russia, but there is no hope of a direct government from Kiev. "There is no money out there. We're not there," he told CNN in Kyiv, shortly before he was toppled by protesters. "Our lives are in danger. I don't think I want to spend my life in prison. I want to spend my life in Kiev." Spokesman for Ukraine-based think tank Meduza puts paid to Yanukovych - but even he won't say that.
(CNN) -- Holding up a coca leaf at a U.N. meeting on narcotics Monday, Bolivian President Evo Morales defended the practice of chewing on the leaves as tradition and urged the body to reconsider its decision to declare it illegal.|||From La Libertad region of Bolivia into the northwest corner of the country, coca fields in Huehuetenango are a key game in the much-discussed cultivation of cocaine. The coca leaves contain the powerful cocaine cocaine metabolite, which is believed to be used for illegal drug trafficking in Central and South America. In the U.S. and other countries, the drug war has not eased. In his annual report to Congress, President Barack Obama rejected the United States' best efforts to reduce the use of coca in the country by sending Congress a package of measures, including a legal ban on the illicit trade. The United States then sent the package of laws demanding that Central and South American countries hand over all coca to the United States. According to the United Nations, more than half of the territory in that region is believed to be used by drug traffickers, with the movement in Cuba, Guatemala and Mexico responsible for roughly one-fifth of the volume of cocaine. Guatemala has also sent political and other delegations to address the drug problem in the region in recent months. Morales, who is the third president of Bolivia since the end of the Cold War, said that the country had already made considerable progress in removing coca from its soil after it was made illegal last year by the United Nations. A police crackdown on coca cultivation began to take place in the area in 1997 after an attack blamed on Guatemala on a drug trafficker. Milgrams obtained in Guatemala in one day occurred within 10 months. Morales said the coca in the U.N. report is based on a formula of 40 grams a gram and about 1/80th a gram a gram. Coca is also the chief ingredient in the cocaine used to make up heroin. Many said the price of cocaine rose sharply last year because of a sharp increase in demand as more supplies were available, sending prices shooting up to nearly $1.1 billion per year. The administration of Colombian President Felipe Calderon vowed to take a very tough stance against coca traffickers, accusing them of "enabling" the scourge. Garcia said that as best he could, analysts were "screaming" as he tried to keep the situation under control. "The U.N. needs to have its own drug lab and really pay attention to it," he said.
(CNN) -- The London-based leader of one of Pakistan's most powerful regional parties was arrested at his home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe, officials of his party said.|||Fudin Xeobakhani, a longtime member of the ruling party, was taken into custody Tuesday on "fictitious charges of criminal fraud," former British ambassador in Islamabad Floyd Denham said on Pakistan TV. In his statement, Denham claimed there was no proof that the charges against the World Economic Forum chairman were politically motivated. Lifting the curtain on an operation that began in Afghanistan about a month ago, Zardari, the nation's former president, said the investigation was launched "against the president and his advisers." "The agents say we have not been colluding with any power in Afghanistan." The center of government in the country, the President has been a key figure in the government's attempt to restore stability in Afghanistan. Zardari's former Finance Minister Asif Ali Zardari was under investigation by both the CIA and the United States government, but his trial has never been completed. If the charges against him hold up, they would mean former CIA director Leon Panetta would become the first American to receive an international conviction. The two are still accused of trying to manufacture a war of choice in Afghanistan in 2008.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Shada's back aches more and more each day as she literally bears her family's burden. Clothed in a black robe, she strains under her husband's weight.|||She stepped out of the house she and her two daughters shared with her husband, Ahmed, to attend to business in the surrounding market. "The weak heart is like a swan," she said. Taifa speaks with Amir Zeidan, Haider's supervisor at the staff office of the Ismailiyah Hospital in Falluja, Iraq. "They don't have a name, so it's our job to carry their burden, and we have to do that," he said. The family was evacuated from Herat province in central Iraq the morning of July 1, when nearly 2,000 people died when an airstrike killed as many as 9,000 people. While the incident, which killed about 200 innocent people, had little effect on al-Shabab, Islam's official name for the Shi'ite Muslim group that held northern Iraq, some witnessed the cluster rockets fired into the building during an airstrike. As the work slowed down after the attack, the psychological toll grew. More than 1 million Iraqis, half of whom are displaced, are being forced from their homes to return to the streets. Every day, Shada sacks and loads chairs, mattresses and toys for displaced people. There are empty water cans alongside their own with the hand-drawn signs, "Dried food." Then they fill shoeboxes with the goods that the displaced families take. The women often hold the bags of water and de-hydrate them before they leave in exchange for free foods or basic supplies such as rations, drinking water, khachadi (wet) bags, disinfectant and blankets, Shadia said. The family has also accumulated more than $13,000 in supplies, including glasses, shoes, umbrellas and Bibles. "We've never been able to stay dry," she said.
(CNN) -- Guinea international Lass Bangoura pulled out of a key African Cup of Nations match against Ghana Saturday because his club teammates were worried he could contract Ebola.|||The 23-year-old striker for Atletico de Leopoldina, the lowest-ranked team in the 24-team Guinean league, picked up the head injury while practicing with the African club on Monday. President Hervé de Rugy, one of the country's three coaches, said that after seeing the doctor, Bangoura and his teammates wanted to make a statement to "guard against contagion in our own region." The CONCACAF zone, which covers 36 of 42 continental nations, has been an impoverished enclave for almost a decade but has managed to attract world-class football players and even the likes of former presidents of Egypt and Rwanda. Guinea were initially nominated to participate in the finals in Cape Town before electiving the Ghanaians instead in January. After Ghana were booted out of Europe, when they hosted the 2011 World Cup, Tunisia were nominated to the group stage with the United States. They beat Guinea 1-0 at Fulgore in the final qualifier, and that result allowed the South Americans -- who play at the CONCACAF Championship -- to qualify from the group stage and to play outside of the African continent in the play-offs, if necessary. Bangoura, who plays for seven English Premier League sides including Tottenham Hotspur, also chose to take part in the competition and is yet to score. Former presidents of the CFU insist that they are in no danger of relegation from the European Champions League, which Brazil will host in September. "In terms of qualifying for the world championship, Colombia are able to focus purely on winning the Champions League," said Ronaldinho, who has the same responsibilities.
(CNN) -- Despite its xenophobic, anti-immigration campaign tactics, Switzerland's far-right Swiss People's Party, which took the largest share of votes four years ago in Swiss modern history, suffered losses in Sunday's parliamentary vote as voters chose more moderate parties over polarizing candidates.|||The Swiss People's Party, a religious party known for a history of promoting religious intolerance and cultural imperialism, fell to sixth place in the Swiss government poll, The Handelsblatt report said. The SP joined Republican and Democratic parties, who were slightly ahead of the SP in the congressional chamber, which is in the hands of a coalition of mainstream parties. Opposition party the Federal Council (STF) which represents the federal government and the federal Senate (SN), fell to 10th place with 25.5% of the vote, the report said. While the People's Party was once one of the five most powerful parties, it now occupies a weak third position, ahead of the far-right Free Democratic Party (PDP) and the Democratic Party (DF), it lost 10 seats. These results mean that the three parties are stuck in a pattern they formed in early 2009, not long after the 2006 plebiscite. The STF (FDP) was created by the merging of parties of francs and German, but under the earlier name of the Swiss People's Party. The changes occurred because the new law prevented the SP and FDP -- of which SP leadership is also the president of the legislature -- from running. Two of the parties that are currently part of the government are currently under emergency rule, but the president vowed on Sunday to restore the elected senate. Most of the results demonstrated voter dissatisfaction with the political establishment. But the next-largest party was left with just 5% of the vote: the Alsace-Lorraine canton's People's Party, winning 1.3% of the vote while continuing to have problems registering more than 3 million signatures. There were also slight gains for the Socialist Party and the Christian Democratic Union, among others. Even so, the Swiss government received the highest number of calls and assurances on Monday from the people who live and work in the republics. Just under 4.3% of Swiss voters said their preference was for the SDP. The Swiss President, Georg Steinbruegger, told reporters Sunday that it had been a difficult few years for Swiss voters and that his government had been well-prepared to deal with economic difficulties. But by contrast, Steinbruegger said, he had some questions about the SP's approach to the election.
(CNN) -- Coast Guard and Air National Guard crews spent a second day in search of four sailors from a yacht that ran aground off San Francisco over the weekend, the services said Sunday.|||The 3,500-foot-long ship ran aground Friday night, and its power lost while the engine was being restarted, the Coast Guard said. About 20 National Guard and Marine Corps aircrews were on the scene Saturday, conducting a search for the missing sailors. The ships were operating in waves about 30 feet (9 meters) above the level of water they usually travel through. Four MH-60 Jayhawk helicopters were providing support from the Air National Guard, although five other Coast Guard ship were on watch with their crews. The military and Coast Guard said they set up the boats after reports that an engine in the engine room caused the engine to shut down. They said heavy winds were encountered, and the ship moved into neutral waters offshore, about a mile offshore. About 130 sailors were aboard the vessel, which is equipped for deepwater operations and encounters strong winds, high seas and oil spills. The vessel also has three technicians onboard, and two maintenance crews at a large oil rig. The ship's hull is submerged about 11 feet (3.4 meters) below the water's surface. No injuries were reported. Initial reports said it had been taken down by a storm surge. Many of the sailors were missing by storm surge. The three personnel aboard the navy-built vessel, the USS Boston, were carrying water supply. Warily known by its mast name, the Boston was constructed in the 1960s and was owned by Commodore Harry C. Adams, a former Navy chief of naval operations. C. Adams was described in a statement as a "well-respected, experienced captain of the fleet" and based in Hawaii. On Saturday, media reports said Adams sank the vessel when the lights were off. Searchers by the Coast Guard discovered the complete black hull submerged after about 10 hours. "Their stay in the water extended well over an hour. At some point around 9:00 PM on Sunday the entire seafloor is drifting away from the water, the second main channel to the sea floor before any waves rise above the level of the water." About 1,500 yards (about 650 meters) are separated from the Massachusetts Bay, which is the sea-side location where the ship ran aground. After one hour on the water, three Coast Guard officers who were on deck searched for about 12 miles and lost sight of four other sailors, the Coast Guard said. They are the officers, airmen and Marines on board the Navy ships. The helicopters are using anti-submarine gunfire and brought air support, the Coast Guard said. The sailor who remained on watch also was wearing a life jacket and was being carried on a Jet Ski. Boat roll allowed 4 seagulls to grab him, the Coast Guard said. Emergency services are en route to the site, but it's not known where the boat will land. The Coast Guard plan to return to the area Monday to pick up any officers and aid the search for the missing sailors. CNN's Ruth Russell, Meteorologist Ryan Reynolds, and Caitlin King contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Last April, images of Kurdish men dressed in drag started making the rounds on Facebook.|||With hair that was too big, makeup that wasn't right and some other cosmetic tricks, this man displayed his mustache and went inside a kurdish mask of some kind. The video, which is a mash-up of Google maps with the German translation of the comic book, would be from last summer -- and before YouTube. But what this photo shows, for once, is something original and true. This is a Transsexual. With some difference in cross-dressers, this is not a Western person in a kurdish mask. But it is the ultimate Transsexual image. Someone thought it funny to make someone imagine they were sex with a pig. A news website ran this video last year. "In the Upper East Side of Istanbul, four Kurdish men went to school and got their hair dyed black -- the result of various local strikes from Iraq, Israel and other fighting groups," reads the video posted online by American Human Rights Watch. "They did all this, and they had to wear their hair in an inky black head to disguise their looks. 'A Turkish woman got clothes made from a Dutch woman's wedding dress,' said the video. The Turkish story goes like this: After "boxing in a man's living room," a German woman gave an "amazing performance," which included showing what she called a toy soldier, a toy soldier on Special Operations teams and posing for pictures with Turkish militants. "The Kurdish man said, 'I want to work with you guys,' and she had him bring a toy soldier out to do tactical missions with the Americans," the video continues. The Kurdish story makes for a very friendly cover story for social media, but it was actually a mischievous fashion trend that targeted both Turkey and Kurdish communities. The Turkish photo was the first known transgender picture on Facebook. Then the Kurdish photo story went viral. Thanks to Google maps -- the video was available to the wider Internet -- and google searches, which suggest a range of things like "gay newties" and "transvestites." The Turkish video comes as Google searches geared toward the gay community produce results of various levels ranging from brief -- "natural - to - progressive" -- to "transsexual" to "transgender." At the moment, there is no lack of "transsexual" terms in news stories, but in a general sense, nothing explicit describes the current state of transgender culture.
West, Texas (CNN) -- Walls warped or blown off entirely, even ones made of brick. Roofs sunken in, if they are still visible at all. Garage doors lying in yards.|||West, Texas, has been hit hard by Hurricane Isaac. This week's biggest windstorms in the state took a toll on one western town, forcing hundreds to evacuate. "We've lost a lot of things. $100 million worth of damage," said Kris Graham, who goes by E.J. on the West End. "It was a slow process. It took 10 days of work to get the building to stand." The lights were extinguished, the ceilings could be seen thinning, and boom! Lumber ripped from a barn and barns to give way. Roofs sunken in, if they are still visible at all. Garage doors lying in yards. Muzzle, some with sheer concrete blocks blocking the view. Ellis County Sheriff Supt. Ronnie Deacon said the tornado was a record in his county. It was the worst tornado since an 1886 tornado that killed 81 people, according to the National Weather Service. "It was an unanticipated hit in a small town. About an inch an inch of water came ashore and hit the roof," he said. "We're estimating at least four inches." Nearly six inches of rain fell Saturday in West, that's when the roof blew off the home, the funeral home and its four members. "It has no power, no power, nothing," Deacon said. "And what have we seen out there?" The winds kept blowing across the sky Monday night, according to Eric Williams, spokesman for the Texas Natural Gas Commission, who said the storm hit south of the utility's turnpike landfill in Odessa. "There were upwards of 100 mph winds in one spot for at least 30 minutes," he said. "With some of these winds, you can see the grass." The flash flooding in the gulf has long been regarded as an emergency. Meteorologist Bruce Blair says the storms were something to watch, too: "What happens are the eye-catching. Things that can hit us just aren't in their normal spot right now." What happened when the storm hit was that a pickup truck flipped over and struck an 18-wheeler on the street. But the truck driver wasn't hurt, his back bumper later broken. On Tuesday, firefighters battling two raging blazes on the west end. Within the first hour of the blazes, they were toppled and completely destroyed, leading authorities to believe six people were killed. The area was blanketed by fire. The main cause of the blazes in Houston is still under investigation, but authorities don't know what caused them. They include wood-burning fire, which killed at least one person, and a more recent cause that also isn't being blamed yet, according to Webster County Fire Chief Bill Baker. Small tornadoes have also been hitting the area, and the amount of damage done there includes 25 to 30 homes in San Augustine. Authorities have shut down multiple roads. North Texas used to be pounded, too, by hurricanes, but the winds are now helping fill the gap with similar conditions, he said. The winds are so strong now that Oma Dale, Galveston County's top official, says. "We were trying to figure out what was left at the beginning of the morning," he said. "It took a couple hours to check it out. And it's getting worse."
Five European nations criticized Israel's decision to build thousands of new homes in occupied territory, summoning Israeli ambassadors for discussions on the matter.|||The EU statement says the decisions will be reviewed and examined by the EU's Committee on Foreign Affairs. This statement came in response to a visit Thursday by a delegation of Israeli leaders from Jerusalem. "The Israeli government has announced plans to construct new homes in the West Bank settlements that fall within some of the established Israeli territories, the day before Israel is set to demolish 2334 homes in the occupied Palestinian territories," the statement said. The State Department estimates that at least 181,000 Palestinian residents would be affected. Three million Israelis live in the settlements in the West Bank. More than 180,000 Palestinians have been evicted from their homes in the occupied territories, they said. The closure of the West Bank has forced thousands of Palestinian families from their homes and driven them into Israel. The change in policy is the latest in a series of steps Israel has taken to diminish tensions in the dispute. The Israeli government has continued building construction in the settlements despite its calls to stop, said Oren Hazat, spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry. "The right to Palestinian self-determination is not a democratic right," she said. "But the ... new Israeli policy is all about two peoples as one, and that includes those that are living side by side in what is a very controversial issue. "This aggressive policy reflects a complete reversal in decades of Israeli policy of denying Palestinians the rights and freedom of residence on their land. "The Palestinian people are very proud of this decision. However, we are committed to have discussions with the Israeli authorities in this regard," Hazat added. The foreign ministry says the 20,000 additional homes will also include temporary structures for religious, educational and social purposes. "There is no way for any one individual to be the part of any Jewish entity and of no opinion whatsoever." The West Bank has been declared an internationally recognized Palestinian entity since 1967. Although Israel's goals have always been to build new settlements in the West Bank, it also aims to rebuild established military and civilian infrastructure in areas. Israel and the Palestinians have long argued that the Israeli occupation in the West Bank is illegal and conflicts that are set up to silence legitimate, Palestinian rights. The Israeli government has said any suggestion that it has abandoned its borders is a misstatement and has the right to legitimate its own presence in the territory. "The U.S. should not allow the establishment of settlements on occupied Palestinian territories," said the statement. "In these areas, the Israeli authorities are returning Jewish settlers -- in fact, they are ejecting those who wish to return there. In effect, Jerusalem's army is sending orders to the White House that Western countries stop building new homes on private Palestinian land." The Palestinians consider any new settlement such a building a violation of Israeli sovereignty. "The American settlements are essentially an assault on the central government of Israel," the statement said.
Saudi Arabia may block access to popular Internet messaging applications like Skype, Viber and WhatsApp if telecommunication providers there don't comply with rules and regulatory conditions, according to the country's official news agency, SPA.|||The kingdom has banned the use of social media sites including Twitter, Facebook and Viber. The government says it's looking at all technology it comes across and "structuring any Internet transactions that are supposed to be connected with Facebook or Twitter." The travel ban also applies to Twitter's app WeChat and another part of the service, the messaging site Kakaro. According to the state-run news agency, the moves to curtail social media use also come as the United States and Britain have filed extradition requests in light of suspected Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi's killing. On January 29, Attorney General Mohammed Faisal said the United States "appears committed to bringing the case on charges of the nation's national security and influence over the international community," SPA reported. On November 14, that agency said the extradition requests "are under consideration." However, discussions between the parties have not been productive. In the past, extradition talks have ended on a temporary basis and usually do not go any further than the expiration of the dates of each one, reported SPA. Citing the development, officials say the kingdom may impose blanket restrictions on an individual's ability to post and upload content via Skype, Viber and WhatsApp. As a result, the services were recently prohibited in the Kingdom by local authorities in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. This is likely to be more strict in future. Pakistan was forced in 2010 to turn over the 32 held aboard Saudi Airlines after attacks by militants. The aviation ministry suspects 13 of the hijackers were among the 19 people in Peshawar, Pakistan, in September 2009. Abdullah Hussein is currently wanted in connection with the case. Amnesty International, USAID and the World Wildlife Fund also were active in last year's talks that ended after more than a decade of negotiations. They reached a three-week compromise on what portions of the agreement the countries would make permanent in December. U.S. President Barack Obama also has been a negotiator in the years of negotiations. After the Taliban seized control of Peshawar in October 2009, he suspended extraditions to Pakistan, the country the United States calls its "most important ally," citing security concerns. This year, the State Department said Pakistan sought to extradite a high-ranking Iranian figure and avoid helping him get to safety with an Islamic state-sponsored drone strike. In mid-December, U.S. officials in Riyadh rejected an extradition request from the country, saying they had committed themselves to no interference by Pakistan in providing information about the activist behind the attack and suspecting he and the UAE on the trip to Saudi Arabia are not connected to the sensitive media. That was almost two months ago, and U.S. officials on Wednesday said the statement re-affirmed that the focus is on Pakistan. SPA declined to provide a statement on possible changes to the extradition process. "We've had numerous discussions with Pakistan regarding this issue, including ongoing discussions with our counterparts in the U.S.," it said. "We remain committed to no impediment to the efficient and successful implementation of the (State Department's) implementation of the final Geneva Convention on extradition of individuals... The SPA referred to it as the most important issue concerning extradition of this type," it added. There has been some debate whether Pakistan should see any need to extradite Saudi President Bashar al-Assad, who is not under investigation for the purported September 11 attacks. Another possibility, according to government estimates is that the Saudis might impose strict controls on data transfers. But the news agency suggested the ban was voluntary. According to experts, the ban is likely to cost Iran as much as $11 billion. The ban could damage U.S. businesses, particularly U.S. exports, they said. Washington recently scrapped anti-terrorism legislation backed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. It considered allowing extradition requests from Saudi Arabia and other countries that it believed were "foreign." Last week, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called for the U.S. to boost the progress on an extradition process. "After this week's international agreement, extradition must take place. We need to ensure that the U.S. sends out an effective and effective tool to prepare for an extradition request to Pakistan," he said.
(CNN) -- Real Salt Lake sealed an upset win over the Los Angeles Galaxy on Sunday night with a 5-4 penalty victory, after extra-time in the Major League Soccer Cup final that ended with the score at 1-1.|||The former England striker was putting Real Salt Lake on top with a statement goal from the penalty spot that left Houston Texans striker Hector Villalba stunned. For the Galaxy it means Paul Caligiuri failed to find his net. Former major league striker Henry Holmes ended his 19-year trophy drought with a goal at the death to ensure the aggregate score was 2-2, and he ended the Galaxy's Cinderella run with the most points of his career. Thomas McNamara, a halftime substitute for the Galaxy, scored a late consolation goal to help the home team escape shock defeat. Los Angeles stunned the 2-0 semifinalists with the equalizer in the closing seconds of extra-time. Goalkeeper Chris Wondolowski saved on the first attempt by substitute goalkeeper Peter Bekker to keep his side ahead. Former Scottish midfielder Tommy Redding was sent off in injury time. Rangers looked to have a match to forget in the last minute when he leveled on the penalty spot, but Marquinhos rolled home his second of the game four minutes into the second half to send the match to a penalty shoot-out. Javier Morales' penalty drew the Rangers level, with the goal coming from goalkeeper Jasper Cillessen. Kyle Beckerman scored for Real Salt Lake from the resulting spot kick following Roy Miller's disappointing penalty save in stoppage time. MLS Commissioner Don Garber: "The fact that the three first-half goals came from Real Salt Lake, it's very special. Congratulations to Real Salt Lake for their win, not just tonight, but over three legs and also the place in the final." Rangers have now won all five of their matches against Real Salt Lake. A draw leaves Los Angeles favored to win their fifth MLS Cup and 15th overall. The team beat their league rivals at Wimbledon and A.C. Milan in the previous three encounters, winning all three in the league and a semi-final at home. The visit of Manchester United and Scottish teams Celtic and Rangers were the visitors who proved too strong in the final. Leeds United match score: 4-0
Napa Valley, California (CNN) -- It is the quintessential Napa Valley experience.|||Vin Napa Valley. Unlike wine-producing California counties, Napa's historic vineyards are small and few. This requires an agricultural approach, allowing farmers to spread the monoculture harvest and grow their own grapes while storing their crop in wine barrels. Many vines end up on the private property, where they are harvested in large open fields. These are their special plants that belong to the vineyard owners and are not passed around to family members. They get their keep. A neighbor named Ted Buxton will lead a line of cars and grow rows of grapes and produce the bulk of the wine that is sold. It's not a family farm where you're walking down the road -- the grapes grow on the vines themselves, and ultimately are stored in wine barrels. Many farm fields are set in plots that are about 40 to 60 years old, and these guys have yet to reach those ages. Vernon Sleepll, owner of Homeacre Cellaring, grew grapes on the family plot. He says the entire area has sustained its agricultural production for at least four generations and cultivates more than 3 million acres of grapes. "This is the forefront of the region," he says, adding his farm has been in the area since 1828. Hitting the dry season, not only can he watch the grapes come in, he also helps put up the barn so they can be used for growing. Bedrock Cellaring owns three large multi-acre farming farms, and in one example is an entire 28-year-old, 32-foot plastic playground. The attendant stands at the playground control to spin a giant cricket ball from the center of the track. The player rounds each end with the ball and shoots the apple's juice, passing it from side to side to ensure it's hit exactly where it should be. Day begins at 7:00 a.m. and ends at 11:30 p.m. The hour passes as slowly as the sun rises. In some places, people are racing down the slope of the valley, now steep and rugged, and others are spending their morning walking along the first of three narrow hillsides that cut into the pristine wine vine country. The 1,400-acre vineyard boulevard runs next to the neighborhood of Velazquez, which is a verdant green space with a lush parklike centerpiece. After its late, cooler months, the fruit trees and shrubs come out in full bloom and guard the garden from bearing fruit for years to come.
(CNN) -- Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo, who is fighting to keep a political title the United Nations says isn't his, on Monday nationalized the nation's two main cash crops, coffee and cocoa, according to state-run television.|||He also nationalized cocoa and coffee, details of which was reported on Monday by state-run APN News, France-based news agency, in order to support the coup, he said. The move is a major blow to the government of Ivory Coast, which has struggled to find a way to distribute its coffee and cocoa crops to the country's 64 million people. In November, the Cote d'Ivoire official government of 48 million people, unified in the Ivory Coast, declared that it would not sell either crop, taking an unprecedented step toward controlling economic affairs. This moved took the shock out of the already fragile state, which was rocked by fighting in the country in late December that included major food shortages. Since that announcement, countries including Senegal, U.S. ally Chad and Ghana have stepped up coffee supply. According to the Africa Coffee Council, the move by Gbagbo sends a "strong and clear message." Gbagbo said that he was moving to cease remaining at the auctions for cocoa. Former president Alassane Ouattara told APN news that the move was a "strong warning" to the rebels, the Central African nation's official news agency, to back down. COCOBOD -- an umbrella organization -- said the moves were justified to protect Ivory Coast's ability to trade as its own currency, according to APN. "These actions, by themselves, will not guarantee their real effectiveness," the CAUC says. "Already, the leaders of the COCOBOD have been able to investigate as many of the COCOBOD members as they want, and they are all using their complete power as a means of expropriating their members and confiscating them from their private resources." The government of Ivory Coast has supported an African Union move to lift the African Union's embargo of French cocoa. "From this point, ECOWAS and most African countries except Chad are calling for a complete embargo," the Ivory Coast government said Monday. The U.N. also said earlier this month that it would lift the Banco Agro-Americano in Chad after relations with Chad improved. "We are really saying that Guinea, Cameroon and Gabon are all on the same page in terms of the international community. Ghana would need to remain as an independent state and Georgia, Turkey and North Georgia would only have to declare an embargo." But Gbagbo's move shocked some leaders, who said they expected Ghana, Guinea and Uganda to take steps to support him. "I think there will be some sort of force intervention," one state media official told APN. Former president Alassane Ouattara said that following Gbagbo's move he would announce measures to increase the level of agricultural production, including producing "land for infrastructure development" and making "business options available for investors." "Even in the sense of buying cocoa and coffee, that will obviously mean a far greater investment in the infrastructure," he said. However, others opposed Gbagbo, who described the move as irresponsible and refused to back down, particularly U.N. Security Council chief Ban Ki-moon and outgoing President Laurent Gbagbo, who both have stated their support for the rebels. Gbagbo on Monday also expressed regret that Cocobod declined to take part in the nationalization process, APN said. However, the COCOBOD officials said they "supported the government's decision" because it was considered "confident and reasonable." Gbagbo appears to be trying to convince the rebels to rethink the decision. But Monday's move also sparked discontent among Ivorians, many of whom continue to boycott all agricultural products, prompting a rare boycott from many leading African countries, the COCOBOD said. The United States is planning to adopt sanctions against Ivory Coast. Gbagbo did not respond to CNN's request for comment. CNN's Angelique Hogue contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Police have arrested 27 people in Singapore after a riot that erupted on Sunday after a foreign worker died in a traffic accident.|||According to the City News Agency, 27 people had been arrested in connection with the disturbances, with 10 accused of terrorism, police said Sunday. Riots broke out on Saturday and Sunday, police said. "Police carry out military night operations against those trying to incite violence," the statement read. The locations of the rioting on Sunday were not immediately known. The president of the government-run firm Nomura International, where a 23-year-old foreign worker was killed, said the family of the 21-year-old from Australia has lodged a complaint with police.
(CNN) -- Yemeni commando forces from elite units are conducting simultaneous raids on al Qaeda hideouts and cells on the outskirts of the capital, Sanaa, a Yemeni government official told CNN on Friday.|||"The helicopters act as part of ground troops, and they act like a surprise attack from inside the building," Interior Ministry spokesman Najib Rajab said. The raids come amid ongoing insecurity in the country, which has seen a spate of attacks by al Qaeda-linked militants. The bombings have come despite calls for security forces to concentrate on dealing with the insurgents, said Mohammed Mohamed Al Abdullah, the defense minister. The attacks come as al Qaeda draws attention to a Saudi government plan to take over its territory and develop it into a major stronghold for al Qaeda. The attacks come a month after a U.S. drone strike devastated a Yemeni province near the capital, Sanaa. In August, a fifth explosion in the city, this time in the Interior Ministry, killed 45 people. A few days later, a health ministry official claimed three other people were injured. Attacks in Bab al-Mandeb and Yata'a province, both in North Yemen, have been a source of regular concern for the government. In September, a suspected terror cell was launched in the Interior Ministry in Zaidiyeh. In addition to targeting civilians, Al Qaeda supporters have killed over 50 nationals belonging to the country in recent years, including the government, Abdullah told CNN. Abdullah said al Qaeda members who operated out of the building were generally sympathetic to the government, which blames them for al Qaeda's attempts to seize back ground and seek legitimacy in recent years. The United States has also carried out airstrikes in support of Yemen's government since the 2004 elections. At least four people were killed, as well as four of the attackers were captured, Abdullah said. Abdullah said that Yemeni militants took part in Wednesday's assault. The victims, all Yemeni nationals, were taken to a government facility in Sanaa, but no information about their exact condition was released, Abdullah said. Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for several deadly attacks and mass bombings, while the Islamic State group has issued claims that "terrorism levels have dramatically dropped since President Obama imposed airstrikes on Yemen and deployed ground forces in response." CNN's Mona Chotra contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Arab League finance ministers recommended Saturday that economic sanctions be levied against the Syrian government for its part in a bloody, months-long crackdown on civilian demonstrators, a senior Arab League official told CNN.|||A senior Arab League official said the sanctions were aimed at U.S. President Barack Obama for giving Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government more leverage over the conflict. Journalist Mark Toner contributed to this report. Once the current crisis in Syria escalates, the countries will begin "taking steps for an immediate, broad and effective response," a senior Arab League official said Saturday, speaking on condition of anonymity because the official was not authorized to speak on the record. The official cited preliminary U.N. estimates in Iraq and Syria, which are raising fears that six million people in the Arab world will die if more countries aren't prepared to assist them. The Arab League has the final say on whether its member states are sanctioned and whether some countries will grant exceptions. Seeking to reach agreement with the Saudis, Russia, Kazakhstan and Turkey, a full application of the economic sanctions will likely go to the U.N. Security Council, which can impose them on any group it chooses. Details of the implementation plan were not provided. Al-Assad insists that those forces are acting in the legitimate interests of the Syrian people and fighting terrorists. But it's raising fears that the economic sanctions they impose will lead to wider economic change. The sanctions face numerous challenges, including Russia and other countries, which are trying to slow down economic reforms in Syria. Iran is also demanding that the U.N. and U.N. pressure and pressure the Syrian regime to immediately lift the economic sanctions. Iran demands that the U.N. cancels accords with the Arab League. A senior U.S. official said the United States will start "shifting" against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. "There is no economic solution to the crisis. I don't believe it is politically acceptable for the United States to engage with the Syrian regime to continue the fighting, but we will change our policies as required," a senior U.S. administration official said. Russia and the U.N. Security Council are conducting separate investigations on Syria's alleged war crimes.
(CNN) -- A Massachusetts woman was found guilty Wednesday in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend, whom she bludgeoned and strangled before cutting the baby from the victim's womb.|||Annot guilty verdict was handed down after a jury rested its deliberations. Jill Allen Silberberg is accused of killing Julia Weller, 25, and killing the baby in two acts in June 2009. Prosecutors accused Silberberg of convincing Silberberg to kill Weller, their medical provider, while Silberberg was unconscious. "Each of her acts were predatory in nature," the prosecutor said in his closing statement. Silberberg, 35, is a medical marijuana practitioner and mother of two. She is also married and has a 5-year-old daughter with her husband, Zachary Bulger. She and Silberberg met in 2008 while she was pregnant with her 3-year-old daughter, Gabriel. The two fell in love while Silberberg had been in a relationship with her boyfriend at the time of her killing, police said. During their time together, she and Silberberg "frequently argued with each other," she said, according to prosecutors. Silberberg later persuaded Silberberg to have a pre-planned abortion, she claimed. The case was reopened after an investigation into Silberberg's behavior in November 2008. Elizabeth Morse, who is Silberberg's 27-year-old sister, was also charged with first-degree murder in the case. He was convicted of involuntary manslaughter, a second-degree felony. He is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole. Silberberg also faces two counts of first-degree murder in connection with the killing. He was also convicted of second-degree murder and attempted murder. The court was led by District Attorney David Weintraub, who used 14 police officers and eight forensic experts to break the case. Investigators told the jury that after SoS was killed in West Huntingdon, Massachusetts, in May 2009, she told Silberberg that her sister was not getting married until September, the murder occurred, and she thought the baby was hers. Slenderberg told the jury in his closing argument she hadn't talked to her sister since June 2008. Silberberg told jurors that Silberberg and her then-partner believed her ex-boyfriend, Justin Griffin, would kill the baby before allowing her to have her way with it. Police alleged that Solberberg told Griffin she didn't trust the police because she thought that Griffin favored her. "She believes she favors him over my boyfriend," Silberberg told the jury, according to a statement from defense attorney Michael T. O’Hara. O’Hara also contended that Silberberg wanted to cover up her role in the killing and even told prosecutors that she should have her DNA tested instead of Silberberg's DNA. Spokesman Michael Grewal told the jury Silberberg made her agreement with investigators based on contact with police, not based on her sexual orientation. "That's the last thing I'm going to do, in my mind," he said. "She's my friend." Contact information for Silberberg's family was not immediately available.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A bomb attached to a car carrying an Iraqi army general exploded Saturday afternoon, killing the driver and wounding the general and a bystander, an Interior Ministry official said.|||The attack happened in Baquba, Iraq, northeast of Baghdad. The car was headed to southern Iraq to assist officials in a police search operation in Fallujah. A local police official said security forces were searching the area for militants behind Friday's attack in Fallujah, where four Iraqi police officers were killed. The attack was not related to the aftermath of other bombings in Iraq this month. At least one of the recent attacks in Iraq left as many as 15,000 people dead, police and activists said. As thousands of Iraqi security forces prepared for Friday's celebrations, they also were walking through Fallujah's markets to avoid harassment by armed groups, Amnesty International said. Another incident occurred when a car bomb hit a nearby chemical compound, with at least one explosive device exploding, according to the United Nations. The explosion in that compound was nearly a mile from the mosque and local government headquarters in Fallujah, the mission said. Friday's attacks also left at least five people wounded, state media reported. In the areas outside of Fallujah, protesters blocked a roadside bomb, and a roadside bomb hit a military vehicle as protesters gathered there, the army said. In Iraq's eastern Mosul, there was at least one attack where two suicide bombers struck an army truck and detonated explosives. Another explosion happened Saturday in Khanjida, as residents in the neighborhood gathered for an Eid-ul-Adha prayers. The two blasts occurred about eight hours apart. The north Mosul blast killed two people in a police vehicle. A two-story house where the blast took place also was set on fire. The six civilians killed were Iraqi Shiite Muslim political activists and seven members of the National Reconciliation Organization, which opposes non-Arabism. There was no immediate word from the army. The military's Eastern Operations Directorate said Sunday that two people were wounded and would soon be released. Among the seven people killed in Saturday's explosives were two members of an intelligence team, the Baghdad news agency reported. Senior military officials said Sunday that ISIS had claimed responsibility. None of the explosives belonged to them, the sources told CNN. As extremists gathered outside the mosque in Fallujah, Ayman al-Zawahiri, a spokesman for al-Qaeda in Iraq, said it was hard to say which of several extremists had been killed. The group referred all questions to the Baghdad Security Council, which declined to comment. Abdul-Wahab al-Mazari, spokesman for Al-Shabaab, said the suspected car bomb went off under the weight of military equipment. He said the militants seized the vehicle before they moved on. The suicide car bomb was used to kill at least four people in Anbar Province in the past year, al-Shabaab said. A fourth blast targeted a private member of parliament in the capital Sunday. News of the explosion came on the eve of Eid al-Adha celebrations, which are marking the ninth anniversary of the end of the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
NEWPORT NEWS, Virginia (CNN) -- A federal bankruptcy judge has denied the Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan presented by suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick.|||V's Chief Administrative Officer Robert Rosenfeld made the ruling, according to court documents. Ranfeld, president and principal of the Stanwood, Virginia, bank, said in a statement that the judge "did not consider the proposal that secured financial recovery for the company." "The decision has the effect of imposing a significant burden on the company and on the principal and employees of Mr. Ranwood Bank," the statement said. A number of sources close to him said on condition of anonymity that the bankruptcy plan included minimal monetary payments as well as action against "all unlicensed professional athletes," including former coaches and players and league officials who may have violated rules. Vick has served a five-game suspension. He's also been charged with one felony count of dogfighting, among other offenses, for running while intoxicated in 2004. He also faces a criminal charge in the dog-fighting case involving detection of his dogs while he was hospitalized after surgery for cancer.
(CNN) -- Superstar DJ Avicii canceled his Ultra Festival performance this weekend to undergo gall bladder surgery.|||B -- Nashville, Tenn.-based Avicii, better known as "Swizz Beatz," has canceled his performance at the Australian festival of Kissfest, promoter Live Nation said Thursday. He had been reported to be performing at the New York, Argentina and Puerto Vallarta festivals, according to Live Nation, but has since canceled his show at the Paris-based festival, the company said in a statement. He was scheduled to perform again this week at the Elgin Grass Valley Festival in North Carolina, according to the festival's official Web site.
(CNN) -- Snapchat, the app that sends automatically-deleting messages, has proven to be hugely popular among teens and young adults, but until now, it restricted anyone under the age of 13 from using it.|||It's unclear whether they will continue to post the pictures or delete them. Snapchat and others that use the app make a choice between Twitter and Facebook, but a recent removal of the 14-year-old's post took users off their computers. "It has been quite a diverse social-media platform," said Stacy Sanford, the spokeswoman for the local law enforcement agency in Sanford, Virginia. "It has a larger range of messages from teenagers to adults to 17-year-olds." CNN's Spencer Schultz was unaware of the removal. Schultz said that Snapchat would no longer let users delete their messages from any of its filters, though users still had time to delete them. Those who did that, she said, were asked to delete them individually. "This means that people will have no warning when they delete, or go through filters that require them to use filters to avoid accidentally deleting," Schultz said. "So the mistake will likely be deleted." But "it means people from older than a certain age will have a problem," she added. "Tweets this young and this age group -- they'll be at a disadvantage." Snapchat said that it would no longer allow users to delete photos from the camera roll without giving the creator a name. And it said users could choose from dozens of lists of people they see as friends, who should be able to see what they want to see. The controversy may plague Snapchat for years to come, Swanson said. Besides the administrative struggles, she noted that such deletions could also come to harm in real-world disasters, like a school fire. "Would one remember a child who can run away when they know someone has left their school looking for them? The same could happen if people forgot their school homework, and forgot where they are." Snapchat revealed this week that the Obama administration was looking into a privacy violation after a Snapchat user accidentally posted a picture of him used for a job interview. Janet Petersen, the special agent in charge of the U.S. cyber crime task force, said the issue is fairly common. It stemmed from "a number of incidents, among which individuals were reposting messages they had made earlier," Petersen said.
The quest for peace in Syria is now crippled with setbacks, as a U.N. observer mission has suspended operations and attempts to rescue civilians trapped amid violence have proved futile.|||On Tuesday, a U.N. envoy to the Middle East, Bashar al-Assad, introduced his own envoy, Qassim El-Walidi, to Washington seeking a peace plan that Syrian opposition groups say is the real pathway forward. Meanwhile, opposition groups are calling on his new envoy to show leadership in pushing for a peace deal, while the United Nations and its Arab League partners have taken no specific steps to address the ongoing political stalemate, the U.N. Human Rights Council said. Least of that is that only moderate rebels seem able to advance in the first round of talks -- Geneva, aimed at agreeing on a transitional government -- which includes largely pro-government rebels who would be allowed to join an array of other non-violent political factions. Even so, events take a more chaotic turn when pro-government rebels take control of towns and villages in the south and north and begin fighting the Syrian government. A potential compromise that would include all parties and give al-Walidi an opportunity to negotiate, but with him being unable to strike a peace deal in Vienna before September 30, an unlikely position, the U.N. said. Although Syrian officials offer no precise timeline for the start of talks, the U.N. said six months were enough time for the negotiations. Meanwhile, U.N. forces are advancing with a U.N. peacekeeping mission in Iraq after days of near-total powerlessness in the Middle East. These forces include al Qaeda's Syrian branch, known as the Islamic State. The United States has called on al Qaeda to pull out of Syria. The American administration now predicts that as much as two-thirds of Syrians will flee the country, killing "40,000 persons." Fears grow that violence could spread outside Syria. But opposition groups say some fighting is between Islamist-leaning rebels and the government forces loyal to al-Walidi. The Free Syrian Army (FSA) says it is fighting Islamic-leaning rebel groups and includes an array of other forces. The role of the government forces in enforcing the deal is unclear. "Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has shown that he is not interested in improving governance in Syria, only in restoring Saudi-led sanctions against al-Walidi's regime and the remnants of the al-Walidi family," opposition spokesman Mustafa Bili says. "From the beginning, the regime has also tried to look out for its Islamic clerical wing, before realizing that it was undermining our relationship with the government." But opposition activists say as long as al-Walidi is in charge, the Syrian government will continue to try to finish the job. "He is able to ensure the defeat of al-Walidi and encourage those who agree with him to move away from the government and the defense of the country," Sayed Othman, a rebel leader in the Free Syrian Army, said. The Syrian leadership says that he is seeking to forge a transitional government until the Turkish-led coalition is defeated. The United Nations has already been unable to secure the release of six men captured by the Islamic State from detention in Iran's prison camps for alleged links to ISIS.
Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- One man died and another was injured after they set themselves on fire Tuesday in Egypt, the latest in a string of self-immolations in restive North Africa, officials told CNN.|||Attacks on social media and elsewhere have spurred the Muslim Brotherhood -- an alliance of former Egyptian President Ali Abdullah Saleh's former enemies -- to declare a state of emergency in Sinai -- the country's second largest Muslim-majority region. The Syrian Arab Democratic Republic says it will award a reward of up to $1 million for information leading to the killing of some of the self-immolators. The self-immolations were triggered by Monday's attacks in Sana'a, Sudan and on the border between Libya and Tunisia. Dozens of people died last weekend after a bombing on an Egyptian-owned bakery in the Egyptian city of Meknes. In northern Sinai, a demonstration in the northern town of Diyala also left seven people dead, including two men, who set themselves alight in a public toilet, state-run Al-Ahram TV reported. ISIS spokesman Jihad Maliki denied any links to the attacks. The two Islamist groups operate on a network of affiliates in North Africa that the United States considers an affiliate of al Qaeda. Hezbollah's Nasir al-Wuhayshi criticized former Egyptian Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Ali and Deputy Prime Minister Ali Hassan Nasrallah for supporting the self-immolations, which "have long been in Egypt's past," al-Wuhayshi said in a statement. The self-immolations took place in Egypt and Tunisia on Sunday, and demonstrators torched buildings as demonstrators were protesting security conditions in Athens and Uae, the official news agency WAFA reported. Two Sudanese men set themselves on fire Tuesday in Cairo, state-run MENA reported. U.S. authorities believe the arsonist may be part of an Egyptian-backed mob known as the 'Militia of Futures' and are suspecting some among the pyrotechnics were purchased from Egyptian security forces. The four were out for a 16-hour day when they set themselves on fire, which the Egyptian military said was "an act of terrorism." On Sunday, three Egyptian soldiers were shot dead in Egypt. Their positions appear similar to those of the 10 soldiers killed in a December military operation by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. Several vehicles, one of them a police bus, also caught on fire. The two men were injured in separate self-immolations and dozens of other people were injured. One bus carrying Egyptians was severely burned Monday, according to state-run MENA. Other vehicles were also burned. The Sudanese Civil Defense's statement alleged that protesters in Gaza chanted against "true Islam." "The Shaytan militia wanted people to return to Egypt to carry out Sharia law and study it," the security report said. The group said it was considered opposed to any kind of development, but did not support the self-immolations. The group also said it was supporting Sunni Muslim political parties and opposition leaders.
(CNN)  -- Over 28,000 Liverpool fans marked the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster in a special memorial service at Anfield on Wednesday.|||Royalden loved it all: Hillsborough more than 20 years on. 'We love you all,' read a memorial service led by the British Army's deputy commanding general, Brigadier General Michael Edward Moody. "I thank you for the 100 years that stand for service and for creating a military excellence" People's Republic of Liverpool held a Remembrance Sunday service at Hillsborough Church in 1997, and on Wednesday, the same service was held at Anfield to mark the 20th anniversary of the disaster. A few minutes before the service began, the guard paid tribute to the "heroes and heroics of the 96" as well as the team. A parade in memory of the team was led by the Neville Chamberlain's War Memorial, the National Defence Memorial to the People's Republic of Liverpool, and the memorial services followed with speeches. Liverpool Prime Minister Kenny Dalglish paid tribute to those he had lost, and added: "There was a lot of love and a lot of sorrow this year." A symbolic place on the hilltop has also been dedicated to Prince Charles, the British King, who has attended the service. Despite being a knight, the Prince has already made previous contributions to the game, including a march in the 1980s, and speaking to the Queen at Southampton's Shepherds Adnams Sports Club, a couple of years ago. Wednesday's service takes place as part of Liverpool's partnership with a host of British universities and colleges and the Football League's "sharing the joys" initiative. Earlier in the day, Liverpool announced that the Prince's brother Prince Philip was also due to attend. Prince Charles's speech follows Thursday's 20th anniversary of the lifting of the FA Cup, which was handed to the Royal family upon his accession to the throne, and is the first in succession to the throne since Diana's death. Prince Charles had offered to be knighted in 2002. But before the match-day service at Hillsborough's Portman Road stadium, Prince Charles said he was not keen to attend because his last match in charge before his position as crown prince would involve a match on Saturday which will be the George VI Award match and the equivalent of a similar ceremony. Prince Charles donated to £1.2 million to the "Hillsborough Memorial Fund" to help bring "good cause" for the Saturday match and to help "Hillsborough those from all walks of life" pay their respects. It was reported that his financial backing will come at a reduced cost. Prince Charles decided to change his public stance after he was offered the chance to speak. "I have decided that I am going to the leadership of my country in my speech today," he told the crowd. "I believe that there are people everywhere who are wishing me well." In June, Prince Charles came across to fans who watched the match at Anfield, and arrived at the Sports Authority grounds with his family in tow. 'If people paid their respects, they were very special. They were so kind. We were blessed, and if people paid their respects, they also were very supportive. So this is a very nice tribute," he said. Harry, Prince of Wales, who is on the road to Australia to play in the UEFA Champions League for the first time this year, also took part in the ceremony. But after acknowledging his parents and performing a two-minute tribute to the service, Harry appeared relaxed at the event. He was upbeat. "I'm feeling very good, I've got to get back to the family farm tomorrow," he told the Liverpool Echo. "I know that now we're all together we're having the best days and we'll be able to carry on." Royals, Queens and Princes take to football. Liverpool and Scotland do business together.
It's tricky business comparing the handful of smartwatches that been publicly unveiled so far -- an early wave in the growing flood of wearable tech products.|||It's often difficult to put the smartwatch face to the face. The majority of smartwatches out there are large and clumsy, as you might expect. In a way, having a smartwatch could lead to one issue: making it easy for people to spy on you. "It is a difficult business that, [because] you can see other smartwatches sitting around," David Bernstein wrote at the World Economic Forum annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland, in January. A new type of bug. It's called a beacon, and they can warn you when to look away.
(CNN) -- When President Xi Jinping arrives in Seoul this week, the Chinese leader will have passed over North Korea in favor of its arch rival.|||China, with its confrontational posture in recent days, has kept its rhetoric soft. But the conflict between the countries is still alive and well. And with the North Korean leader set to visit China this week, an impulsive Chinese president could easily turn against a backstop tactic that his government is already debating. And there is a good chance that might not happen, North Korea ambassador Ju Gyun-jae told Yonhap: "China, you are right -- there's already something wrong. It's inexcusable to ignore what is happening in the North of China. I'm afraid something might happen in the future." And he warned: "During his visit, whether he can sustain what China has done and he gets his message across or not, China has already showed its intention, and that's the provocations. And he doesn't strike back, neither does he play the tactics of provocation." But the need for convincing North Korea to change its policy in order to be accepted and to show it wants dialogue could be different. "North Korea has never sought talks with the United States," Ju said. "It has kept her affairs secret so that she can come and operate this way. They are constantly in contention over their issue." As for the talks, Jun Dae-jung, South Korean Foreign Minister, laid out a much tougher line -- condemning the Chinese policy on North Korea. "North Korea can no longer attack South Korea in the name of its Asian neighbors, and talks can no longer take place between the two sides if we continue to hold discussions that only benefit the other." China's drive to take action on North Korea's economy is supported by the U.S., the United Nations and other countries that have financial resources to help. Last week, a United Nations panel based in New York included North Korea among those for which sanctions were imposed -- sanctions that have been unilateral by China and a degree of political sensitivity. North Korea has prohibited the import of metals from the United States. The United States recently unilaterally refused to sell coal to the country in exchange for money and it banned chemical and biological tests. But it has been reluctant to apply sanctions to others with financial resources, despite the U.S. imposing its own. The committee also blacklisted China last month for failing to respect its sanctions on North Korea. Last week, the committee also scheduled to add North Korea to a U.N. sanctions blacklist. Chairman John Kerry has even offered to end the American sanctions -- but Spanish Prime Minister Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, a vocal supporter of the Chinese government, quickly shot him down. The decision on the sanctions "is the decision of the United States, followed by the European Union and the United Nations," said de Kirchner, a U.S. senator from California. That leaves China with a narrow path to implement them. If it is considering unilateral sanctions on North Korea -- which it says is likely to be, even with a cautious U.S. policy -- then China's move would be a stalling tactic, de facto limiting the access the United States can offer to its nongovernmental organizations. Korea's top-ranked state TV even acknowledged that this is a "very tough approach." But the state-run Korea Central News Agency (KCNA) reported that this week's UN and international sanctions aimed at making North Korea less competitive may actually be an opening move by the United States, which has said it was preparing for war. "I hope the United States will adopt similar new sanctions that we will not be able to win," KCNA quoted AP senior analyst Brian Glauber as saying.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are in pole position to pocket the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup $10 million jackpot after finishing the third round tied for the lead at the season finale Tour Championship.|||McDonald Sloan, top of the FedEx Cup standings, said McIlroy had finished the final round in a tied-four position, while Horschel was in a share of seventh. Jason Day, who is also tied for the lead, was battling with Ian Poulter and Bryson DeChambeau for position, while Adam Scott was alongside Ricky Fowler, Phil Mickelson and Adam Scott after a wintry first day at the TPC Potomac. McIlroy and Horschel share the top three places after the final two rounds, with Phil Mickelson, Justin Thomas and Graeme McDowell on the table, despite having shot 67s. The trio are both seeking to earn the first junior-tee-winners' prize for 2013, with Bradley Johnson claiming the inaugural Junior-tee-winners' prize. "From the moment Rory won that first playoff he's been on top. He's been in command and just having a good week and he's doing a good job around the golf course," Niall Brennan, the commissioner of the PGA Tour, told the Golf Channel. But the pressure will now fall on Hilton Head, South Carolina, as Mr. Miley goes on to wrap up a second Tour Championship title. McIlroy's performance on the 11th hole assured him victory, and the Northern Irishman clinched the PGA Tour Championship's first individual title of the season. The Tour had previously limited the number of professional players who have won the tournament this year, with just 88 heading into this week's tournament. "There's going to be a lot of trophy collectors when the money is all said and done," he said. "But we've got to rely on the players, we've got to believe in the other things that are in play." Team player of the season Andy Sullivan, who was runner-up at the second event of the season at the Tour Championship, finished at 17 under after a 73. Scottsdale's Scott finished just four shots back after finishing the second round tied for the lead. Taddy Powers, associate vice-chairman of the Champions Tour, was unable to say what he thought of the afternoon. "This year's leaderboard is very strong, obviously," he told the Golf Channel. "I think it's on us."
Berlin (CNN) -- It happens more often than you might think: Streets cordoned off and bomb disposal experts called in to deal with unexploded bombs that were dropped on Germany nearly 70 years ago.|||A dog bomb was discovered in central Berlin Friday, police said. The bomb was located about 100 yards from a building as it emerged about 5 p.m., it was packed, officials said. A bomb was removed from the area, officials said. At least 20 bomb disposal experts were helping them, police said. They've figured out how to use a handheld control device, officials said. The bomb was found at a foot level. It was dropped at night, blowing up about 80 miles away on a residential street. The bomb didn't pose a threat to people, but it showed up in a TV camera footage from Munich, where police, fire and bomb disposal teams are dealing with the debris. The police are also working with a bomb disposal experts, police in Germany said in a statement. The source of the problem is still unclear. German authorities said one bomb landed at a U.S. installation and exploded, causing demolition of the entire place, they said. The explosives left behind by the blast killed a few people. The area around the explosion was flattened and another 80 were injured, police said. The other 20 were found at a private home nearby and two were taken to a nearby hospital, police said. No one was injured. People evacuated after being bomb-detected. Police thought, for safety reasons, they hadn't had time to inspect their home, but the homes of those who had evacuated were warned, the city of Bremen and the mayor of New York's mayor's office said in a joint statement. Street monitoring systems led to estimates of three bombs ranging in size from a 50-pound bomb to a 100-pound bomb. The explosion at a Bremen home, in a residential area of Berlin, was only a small explosion of a 12-pound dynamite, the mayor said. "It was destroyed, and all indications are that the bomb didn't come from the house or nearby property," Bremen Mayor Ann Marie Buerkle said. "However, the city closed its streets until further notice and we are keeping all residents and visitors informed of the situation." Bremen police said that the new location means the area has become clear, but the two bombs that are still undiscovered were dropped on a farm on East and West Ufland, both in Germany. Police said that with the discovery of the second bomb, their progress with the earlier one might be hindered by the newer unexploded ones, though that will still be allowed, the mayor said. "There is no reason for that," he said. "So the task continues. We will continue to find the second one." Preliminary estimates: "Booming in the area of the exploded bomb," police said in an earlier statement. The 48-pound most explosive bomblet was found about 300 feet from an area in East Germany in the village of Kirchbach, one of the areas most affected by terrorism in the 1990s. "The Blingbombing Team of experts went through almost all the bases in Berlin and Frankfurt, and found exactly what they were looking for," said Geert Wilde, one of the president of the German branch of the German Organization for the Study of Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism. "They put the Improvised Explosive Devices in the area and set up a standard field circuit to check the location of each individual booby-trapped object." Wilde said more than 200 people have been caught, and all carry medical attention, with the odds of about 70% for cases of non-explosive kind of explosives and 20% for ones with real explosives, he said. "It's a real, real scare for everyone," Wilde said, "but we have so many experienced people we have to discuss and get to know." The displaced parties, or relatives, that have gone to a field without being able to cross with a piece of explosive material are among those prepared to answer whether the material is legitimate. Most natural reactions to such danger in a safe environment, like that near a country like Germany can include a house fire, are for people to remain indoors with items they trust and try to shelter from harm. "For some people in particular, we're talking about people who do not know which danger they may face, such as cases where they don't know where the munitions are, they may flee rather than enter the area they are planning to take," Wilde said. "For some people, that's just not so possible."
New York (CNN) -- New York police arrested 50 protesters Saturday on what organizers from Occupy Wall Street were dubbing a day to "re-occupy," coinciding with the movement's three-month anniversary.|||The protesters, calling themselves Occupy Wall Street U.S.A., marched "down Wall Street," forcing officers to arrest 45 demonstrators near the Empire State Building, organizers said. The city has been "taking a hit on its banks, forcing its banks to close for one night," Occupy Wall Street U.S.A. said in a press release, urging police to act "to break up the terrorism. Obviously the threat of illegal weapons cannot be tolerated." The movement has spent more than a month in the streets, with officers arresting at least 1,000 people. As well as the arrests, organizers urged New Yorkers to oppose money-laundering schemes that bank executives hide behind corporations. "If you oppose anything, you should be able to be arrested," the group said on its Web site. "We're from Occupy Wall Street and will continue to operate whatever it takes. It's our lawful right to occupy anywhere if we choose to." "Mayor Bloomberg has a great responsibility to act," New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday night. "Mayor Bloomberg is always the first man to recognize the power of civil disobedience, and he will continue to do that, even if he has to baton hold more." Meanwhile, after a month on the streets with about 700 Occupy protesters, Massachusetts' Independence Bank said it won't allow its officers to hold tickets. Protesters arrest more than 1,500 students on campus. The protest came after police scuffled with protesters on the campus of the University of Massachusetts-Amherst. More than 100 arrests were reported at the school of U.Mass. and 11 protesters were arrested at a nearby nursing home. The New York City Police Department called in 21 ambulance units to the four locations. Police arrested 28 protestors during Friday's demonstration. About 10 were arrested on Friday during an unrelated confrontation, the police department said. Demonstrators were holding signs in the case that noted a rights to demonstrate. They described the picture of a man seen on an earlier video throwing something at a police car as having "assault weapon marks" painted on it. There was an alleged head injury to a police officer, a charge that did not immediately follow. When police marched Saturday morning, the crowd made a bold first attempt to occupy W. 14th Street at a cross-by-crossing where Wall Street and The Empire State Building once stood. But around 5 a.m., protesters carried signs that read "This is not for W.W.T.," said Kimberly Patterson, a spokeswoman for the New York march. Demonstrators waved "W-U-S.A.S.A." flags as they began walking, but police arrested several demonstrators. Other demonstrations included more arrests in New Haven, Connecticut. The New York march included chants, marches, bus rides and protesting by some Occupy Wall Street demonstrators, the organization said. Police on Saturday suspended outdoor protests. Such marches are illegal. Some protesters cite the rules that police can only remove "accomplished people" who don't pose a threat to public safety. The movement also has drawn protests from state legislators who say they won't tolerate "hateful" acts of violence that are routinely used by police.
(CNN) -- A judge issued bench warrants for the arrest of actor Randy Quaid and his wife, Evi, after the couple failed to appear for a court hearing in Santa Barbara, California, Monday morning, a court spokesman said.|||Quaid was accused of stealing a car with beds of two to three pillows in it the night of June 23. "We don't know what the specifics of the court-ordered report were but there was something that made the judge concerned," Judge John Kennedy said. The judge set bail at $2 million. Police said Quaid did not appear to meet the judge's notice because of a "drunkenness order." No charges were filed against the former co-host of the popular "Boston Legal" television show. The 51-year-old Quaid had been arrested in June 2008 for assaulting a woman over a lack of bedding, and he was booked into Santa Barbara County Jail in California's notorious Hall of Justice for the crime, for which he ultimately pleaded no contest in 2009. The charges were later dropped. The charges were dismissed. In a legal filing that year, Quaid admitted he threatened a judge with the use of alcohol and drugs and that he dialed and screamed at a group of young people while they were home renovating their home, claiming that he wanted to sell cemeteries and burial grounds, CNN affiliate KWGN reported. Then, he tried to take his naked wife with him, and she did not cooperate, the station reported. The couple refused to cooperate with investigators and both were arrested, police said. The couple was arrested at 10 p.m. June 30, 2008, inside the home of a young woman they had hired to go out with them for a birthday party, the station reported. The woman brought water by local grocers and some alcohol at the home, KWGN reported. Despite attempts to persuade police to clean the bathroom, the woman accused of bathing in it, her girlfriend told KWGN. The woman admitted she injected a lot of acid, which the doctor told police she could have done from her bedroom window, the station reported. She was cited for preliminary treatment, not possession of a controlled substance, and voluntarily stopped taking it, according to the station. Police said the woman, a woman of character who declined to be identified, also told police that the man also admitted to getting clean under the influence of alcohol for a party last month. She said her friend had called her from a bar. "He was drunk and in a couple of bad moods, and he called me and said he had to help me -- and he was acting as if he can't go to jail," the woman told police. Quaid was arrested several times since, initially traveling to a safe harbor in Bandon Bay, California, to prepare for a Catholic Motor Church roll call Sunday night. On the road to Santa Barbara, he stopped in La Grande Regional Park, a home that normally does not allow cars on the property, and a plexiglass cave, where a van appeared from the driveway with the woman inside, police said. Police located Quaid and the woman inside the church on the main road between the springs of the nearby Cádiz (Zapata) waterfalls. They got out and fled to another area, but police said the church's driveway was too narrow to get inside. The couple are suspects of a September 2008 drug use that led to further problems, including the detection of heroin in a wooded area on a popular beach off Japan's Bora Bora, CNN affiliate R&B Nation reported. These newspaper photos are from a Brazilian martial arts school in the town of Cesaradero.
More than 150 people were arrested in a four-month nationwide roundup of alleged sellers and makers of synthetic drugs, substances that authorities say can be more dangerous than the drugs they mimic, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday.|||Authorities in North Dakota, Georgia, Alaska, Nevada, Rhode Island, South Carolina and Arkansas made the arrests in the latest "Supernatural Botox" bust, as it was called, on a countrywide campaign to counter what officials are calling the drug cartel enterprise known as "Synthetic Generation 2,7o (Kiba)." The DEA's network of informants that discover some "alternative psychoactive substances" is built by using inexpensive synthetic medications from around the world, the agency said. They may include used for medical and recreational purposes and cigarettes laced with similar chemicals as kiba, it said. The chemicals, which Kiba allegedly uses to mimic the effects of substances like heroin, can pose a danger of dissociation, dehydroharbating, blistering and inflammation of the skin and eyes, officials said. In some cases, the dangers are so great that the use of Kiba and other synthetic products can jeopardize the health and safety of all users, the DEA said. Kiba itself is not a real drug. But Kiba can mimic the effects of drugs and users can mistakenly mistreat it. Federal authorities want to intervene, said Adrian Herbert, a DEA regional field commander in Manhattan. Sixteen people have been arrested, including three who sold kiba products in New Jersey, according to New Jersey State Police. Other arrests in Delaware, New York, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Michigan were made under the "Operation Tok Pis" program, which is designed to disrupt the economic and social functions of gangs, police said. South Carolina was the first state to follow the model after New York and New Hampshire in December, which, in turn, prompted the FBI to track down those operating under the "Kiba" moniker. In addition to the ones in North Dakota, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island, the federal agency said it has arrested seven people from Connecticut, who were arrested in North Carolina and California. The last was arrested Tuesday. Feds in Oklahoma arrested in Oklahoma. They had been selling Kiba "Kiba" in exchange for money. Kiba is a synthetic drug manufactured by McKesson Corp., a company owned by Jack Solomon. Strict regulations on Kiba last year made it illegal for it to be sold in New York. In 2005, Kelly Cooper, a chemist working at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, said, "Kiba was considered too similar to other synthetic substances in nature to be made in the United States."  Related: Drug dealers fire back at officials. One arrest was for sale of a "Kiba" product, said Alicia Boswell, deputy chief of the unit overseeing that effort, in New Orleans. Another arrest was for criminal possession of a substance with intent to sell. The substance is meth. And similar drug dealers have arrested drug dealers and contractors in several states, including New York, Colorado, Maryland, New Jersey, New Mexico and Virginia. The Justice Department said the drug used to be sold as kiba, but in January 2010 it was rebranded as kiba.
(CNN) -- African American Jesse Owens remains the most iconic Olympian of them all.|||Jessempathian Jesse Owens, who died at the age of 86 Friday, was given a cross during services at the cathedral in his hometown of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. "Jesse Owens' story -- the story of American basketball winning the Olympics and breaking George Washington's track record at the Eddy Merit Center and later through Arthur Ashe and Jordan and Tommie Smith stadiums -- is the story of all Americans, with no connection to a single black or a mixed race, and Jesse is perhaps the most singular American figure. With a seven-word inscription, he writes: "To Jesse, I am eternally grateful. I am honored to be a part of what has been a great American team." "In life and at the hands of all Americans," Jesse wrote in a posting to a media site after he was offered the cross by Cardinal John Joseph Cardinal II of Philadelphia. "Jesse, we all follow your every move and are forever grateful to you for sharing your legacy with us, even though I cannot speak for all of us." His screen shot was originally released in 1996. Much of the ocean is named after him, including his legendary place at the beginning of the games at London's Albert Dock, but the historic ceremony also marked the end of the games at the same stadium where he finished his career in 1988. The 2013 ceremony at the Welshpool Stadium was also a tribute to Jesse. "To Jesse," said Queen Elizabeth II, "you honor me and celebrate us by giving me this single blessed cross." She then bowed and gave Jesse the ring, and called her an "American icon" for not only being black, but for bringing the Olympic spirit of America to the United States. "My name is Elizabeth and I am ready to go to the Olympics," she said. "If you send me home. I am so excited!"
(CNN) -- At some 7 billion people, the world can sometimes seem like a crowded place. But if the latest estimates are to be believed, then in less than a century it is going to feel even more so -- about 50% more crowded, in fact. Such dizzying numbers understandably raise an important question, one that we have been wrestling with at least since Thomas Malthus famously predicted that rising populations would create a food crunch: Can the world's supply of food continue to meet demand?|||"The Middle East is about 50% older than it was about half a century ago, and now both the warming of the Mediterranean Sea and a rise in global temperature are forcing us to change our consumption patterns even further," said Fiachata Al-Bukhari, director of the School of International Service at Harvard University's Tug and Spengler Institute for Near East Research. The researchers -- leading the way -- predicted that around 2050, urbanization in the Middle East will be almost as high as it is today, contributing about 46% to greenhouse gas emissions. They also concluded that the spread of global food demand in the 21st century, as defined by the CATEGORDA program, a global network of governments, is likely to cause food demand to rise almost 30% and carbon emissions to rise 21%. Many of the tips Al-Bukhari and her colleagues put together are underpinned by research at Harvard University's Center for Food Security, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and by a small but growing body of work in the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), which supports more than 100 countries. After all, the Global Food Security Project, initiated in the 1970s, has a mission of producing even more food for global food demand with a broad-based approach to worldwide food security. With rapidly changing crop yields and massive shifts in how different kinds of agriculture are used, which can be the difference between limited food, or food security, as we know it today, and massive food security over the longer term, research and planning suggests. The UN Environmental Programme estimates that by 2050, the number of people in each country is expected to triple and by 2050, the proportion of their physical capacity to process food will be at an all-time high, and per capita demand about 10 times higher. Just 7% of the world's population resides in arable land, compared to 40% of the population in the early 20th century, and roughly 30% of the population live in urban areas. The U.N. estimates that because of growing demand for more food, many more people will need more food to sustain themselves through the time they reach their working age, so a 50% increase is probably the most likely scenario over the next century. Every greenhouse gas burned or burned -- our combined domestic and industrial use of carbon dioxide, and, to a lesser extent, the amount that livestock produce -- is an important factor in lowering food poverty. People expect to live in better, cleaner cities than they did in the past -- some might even say better and cleaner than those that have existed for centuries -- but that has happened in small towns, rather than large cities. Livestock, cars and trucks have been a mainstay of factories for tens of millions of people, but in many cases they have moved into cities and towns where household and business change over the course of decades, shifting them to homes instead of small farms. Some, including agriculture, have moved in large numbers to cities, and many are planning to relocate to rural areas. And now, according to the World Economic Forum and United Nations Development Program, the dynamic of population growth is prompting more farmers to work in the cities to provide farms for their relatives and their extended families, rather than the small producers that usually dominate in rural areas. Researchers note that urbanization has already started to alter agricultural systems, and they predict that more big cities will require more urbanization in order to accommodate the growing population in the years ahead. In addition, rising populations and population pressures such as climate change are contributing to an overall decline in both the resilience of agriculture and human health, as well as increasing the likelihood that people will need to work longer and longer hours to protect their livelihoods. Changes in urban housing and transportation make things difficult, particularly in remote communities and poor urban areas -- for instance, where our families lack food to get around or the distances to businesses and schools are often too great to get from them, and where some people live in smaller houses that lack adequate access to heating. They are also contributing to increased vulnerability, and the fact that countries will simply not be able to afford to pay for facilities in urban areas in the long term, not to mention the cost and environmental impact of energy, transport, water and food, will be exacerbated by rising population growth, climate change and adaptation to rising levels of these new forms of energy and other technology," the United Nations' latest Climate Report estimates. "They will be more expensive to support than ever, but their human capacity is even more limited," said Al-Bukhari. "If new technologies are not discovered, populations won't be ready to cope with these global challenges."
The head of the opposition Free Syrian Army told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday he has intelligence showing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government is moving its chemical weapons out of the country.|||The F-15 rebel alliance blamed rebel forces for the attack on the Islamic State in Syria, the militant group it uses to attack the Syrian government. The Abu Musab al-Zarqawi-backed organization says it never crossed a Syrian government "provocation line." The bomber "targeted a government target using rocket fire and a plane," the Aleppo resident told CNN. CNN also found footage of a second F-15 attacking Assad's forces on Wednesday, and the movement of weapons allegedly stored in military barracks has not yet been confirmed. Izmail Al-Mesmari, a rebel commander who fought under al-Assad as a member of the Free Syrian Army, confirmed it on Thursday. He told CNN he is confident the alleged attack was an attempt to impede the F-15's ability to bomb military targets and an incident was being investigated. "I've seen documents which show that the weapons from November were sent to A-Shamiya (near Homs) via the government." The IDF, or the Islamic Military Council for Syria, has alleged rebels used chemical weapons and that a fuel supply "would not last long to see the end of the government". The sources involved said the Syrian government only used about 20% of the weapons it was stockpiling, and mainly was sold. Al-Mesmari denied that reports of such a move were correct and said Al-Assad retained a stockpile of chemical weapons. Al-Mesmari also denied a claim by the F-15 that his group used chemical weapons. He said rebel troops had attacked the government using heavy weapons, guns and bombs. The F-15, he added, is part of a resistance movement which is training fighters under al-Assad for attacks in key cities. Fighting between Al-Assad and the rebel alliance in Syria left nearly 2,000 people dead and millions more injured last year, the U.N. says. Al-Mesmari told CNN that his organization is trying to get the government to send more "substantial quantities" of chemical weapons from Syria to avoid the presence of the International Criminal Court in Syria. "We are frustrated with the Iranian and Syrian government for exporting their chemical weapons into Iraq and Syria," he said. "To their faces we are asking to bring them out of Iraq." The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant was established in 2014. CNN's Mohammed Assem contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- After a year of national gridlock that ended on the precipice of a cliff, Donald Trump went nuclear.|||Next week: Is Obama's 'nuclear' deal with Congress really up for a vote? That's not exactly a bonafide non-belief -- what he said the other day. The president said no one's trying to hurt him -- because, as he said, he's trying to raise revenues for the country with tax cuts and free trade. The idea of some bumper sticker asking, "And talk about cuts, wouldn't you, Mr. President?" is just absurd. The president's base is sick of Washington partisan bickering. It's a lost cause that began in 2008 when Barack Obama announced the first of three massive tax cuts for businesses, slashing the tax rates from 30% to 13%. Further, no one voted for the first cuts, either. The president went on to trade the weak-labor jobs of the last five years for tax cuts for big business. Even the president found himself wanting to balance the budget, so he decided to approve a one-time tax cut worth $2 trillion and cut the average family's taxes by $500 over the next 10 years. And his speech was a terrible disappointment, considering his record on jobs and human services. It was essentially a racist and divisive stump speech. The most memorable line came at the University of Texas at Austin graduation ceremony, when Obama said, "History is making a big difference" about the shrinking number of available jobs in America. It was enough to drive lawmakers from a state that is already 75% jobs-less. If we keep the President's call for tax cuts, the federal tax bill won't shrink, it won't cut taxes. That group of one-percenters will not reform the tax code. But getting them to repeal the Bush tax cuts isn't enough. Neither was passing a health care bill. And moving forward on an Obamacare replacement will be more politically challenging. A plan for an Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) that could crack down on domestic drilling and home energy production could still face a filibuster. What would Republicans do on issues such as health care? They can take Capitol Hill to their offices and put hearings on them, or they could support the conservative versions of the health care bills. Another plan was the House Freedom Caucus -- which consisted of 11 Republicans and 15 Democrats -- to call on the Senate to raise the Energy & Commerce Bill. If the two-thirds majority on the Hill supports this bill, they could secure enough Democratic votes to advance it through the Senate.
A suspected Islamic militant who was detained in Afghanistan in 2001, imprisoned at the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, but later acquitted at trial in Spain, is again facing a trial in Madrid on new charges.|||Tillumayal and former U.S. Army Maj. Guido Ulloa, 46, is accused of kidnapping, terrorism and rebellion, the country's Department of Justice said in a statement. Once he leaves Iran, he will be extradited to Spain, the statement said. The statement did not identify which judge is handling the case. "The decision is made by a judge who is free to decide whether to order a new trial," said the statement. He is not expected to appear in court until March 5. Ulloa also faces charges of trying to revive an insurgency during Spain's dictatorship in the 1970s, the statement said. One judge on his trial said if the new indictment goes through, he will be cleared. Ulloa was among 17 other defendants accused of participating in detention, detention, torture or "abuse" at Guantanamo Bay during the Bush administration's tenure, according to the U.S. military tribunal at Guantanamo. He was released last year. He was to be transferred to the United States as part of a plan by the Bush administration to free 90 prisoners from Cuba, including some who had been incarcerated at Guantanamo and had been tortured or killed. The other 10 have been transferred to Guantanamo, with the possibility of execution. Their status is pending. If the new charges are upheld, the three men charged in Spain are to stand trial at a trial that began in the Netherlands last week. A Dutch man is also accused of trying to deny having used torture during interrogation, and he faces the same criminal charges. The Spanish drug war (which officially continues in the United States) was a major factor in the extradition of Ulloa, the statement said. U.S. officials acknowledged in a statement in 2008 that he had been charged with participating in kidnapping, rebellion and terrorism. Earlier this year, the U.S. government said its lawyers dropped their plans to prosecute Ulloa, accusing him of being held with the U.S. Army in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. The Justice Department then considered Ulloa, along with six others, under an agreement that the government would not seek to re-establish U.S. custody at Guantanamo. The government had been using a dummy tribunal, or an "informed consent proceeding," to try to get other people interrogated at Guantanamo, the United States government says. U.S. officials have said the tribunal has no authority to create its own legal system. But the U.S. military tribunal has been a method of justice, particularly under President George W. Bush. During one of the sessions of his torture trial against Saddam Hussein, which began in 2003, the tribunal ordered only that prisoners be confined. During that time, it allowed decisions on whether or not to begin questioning them and what interrogation practices they would be subjected to. The 2002 indictment, under the terms of which torturing and killing prisoners in Guantanamo can be charged, alleges that they were subjected to premeditation, beatings, humiliations and extensive interrogation, using torture, humiliation and abuse. Ultimately, the trial began in the Netherlands. Each detainee would face up to six years in prison if convicted. The Spanish government said Friday it would drop the charges, and argued that by continuing the prosecution and arguing for a retrial, the government violated U.S. authorities' rights. However, the ministry insisted the statements of its members constituted binding legal commitments and were therefore legally binding. The case against torture victim Ahmed Omar, which began in 2007, proceeded with the permission of the High Tribunal for the Detainees, according to a statement that was sent to The Washington Post. Among the seven accused Guantanamo detainees charged by the U.S. government, three were turned over to another special tribunal for trial. Amnesty International reported earlier this year that some of the 11 most serious allegations against them came from interrogation sessions.
(CNN) -- Football legend Diego Maradona had his earrings seized by Italian authorities Friday to help pay off his back taxes, according to media reports.|||The 61-year-old president of Argentina was arrested this month as part of an investigation into a tax dispute. His home was the subject of the probe as well as his villa in southern Italy. Maradona and Argentine businessman Lucho Correa were accused of a series of lies and fakes in the scheme involving wealth and power. Diamond jewels, jewels and reportedly undisclosed tickets are often tied to tax returns. Some of the players, including Maradona's South American league partner Barcelona, who featured in a TV documentary about the pair, have apologized. But Argentine football team coached by Maradona was held by police following the report of the charges, which were filed by public prosecutor Felipe Campos. The '89 world champions' were found to be in breach of tax obligations in 1999 for awarding official football awards for revenue earned by members of the players' families. They never handed over the money. According to Calciomercato.com, the warrant for Maradona's arrest was handed over on June 9. The Argentine national team teammate, an Arsenal and Real Madrid player, said at the time he and other players were not paid for the jewelry and had feared the allegation of evasion would be filed against the club. "We felt we had to pay up," said Lucho Correa, who also had been told to surrender his book and draw his Masters degree. "We want to give up our country as a country. We feel we have done everything right, in our companies, in our country." Lucho Correa said he was committed to "payment immediately, on our release," but did not know whether that meant he had to hand over his jewels. Maradona, the 41-year-old winner of the Argentine league title three times, has claimed he owes $57.3 million in back taxes due to the tax scandal that has engulfed the 32-year-old Argentine soccer legend. This includes returns and settlements with Spanish television media to Spain's Federal Radio. There has also been pressure on Spanish football clubs such as Olimpia. The 49-year-old Lyon player, who played 14 seasons for Lucho Correa's team, said in June that he would be able to overcome his problems with the tax system by paying off $52,000 in back taxes. Maradona's wife, Maribel, confirmed the news to the La Repubblica. Co-owned by TV and radio networks El Tiempo, La Silla, AC Milan and Atletico Madrid contributed to Lucho Correa's paycheck. "We've asked for the property and we are carrying it," Lucho Correa told the newspaper. "We feel very important about this, especially now that we have spoken to the highest authorities in the world." Lucho Correa said he had no desire to make Maradona apologize. "He is not in any sense seeking any sort of apology." The 20-time Argentina national team captain said that he had asked to donate the diamonds, which he described as "very beautiful jewels." "It is important that he tries to pay his debt, clear his debt in arrears, get his house put in order and pay his personal aid and then resolve this." He also said that it "would help him end the debt and he knows it's very hard." Carmelo Correa told La Repubblica the "dream" he had in 2001 to repay the debt was to pay "a quarter of [Lucho Correa's] tax debt." "It is unacceptable to pay in excess of € 1 million. And the reality is that there are people who do. Even with debts as big as ours, it would be difficult," he added. David Cornes, who wrote about how to make your fantasy fantasy into a reality for CNN.com, was arrested last month and later released, and was facing over 10 years in jail. Carlos Slim Valdez was indicted on embezzlement and drug trafficking charges after a video emerged online. The 34-year-old Venezuelan, who is battling lung infection, was charged Thursday with drug trafficking and possessing child pornography after a Mexican judge issued a warrant for his arrest last week. Football association AC Milan president Louis Almodovar cited a complaint by league president Ricardo Gallardo for risking risking money by advocating drug trafficking in accordance with rules. Blatter has previously said footballing regulations.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- Jack's elder sister was returning from a holiday. Her connecting flight was through Kuala Lumpur on MH370. After news of the missing flight, Jack took leave from his job to come to Beijing in search of answers.|||In May, the Boeing 777-300ER went missing with 239 passengers and crew inside during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, China, that was expected to have brought them to China to celebrate. The investigation into the cause of the disaster was initially conducted in March by Malaysian authorities, but the first test results were returned in May. On Friday, the Federal Aviation Administration put the number of fatalities in the plane at 227, from 235 on the doomed plane to 117 on its second attempt to determine the cause of the accident. Qatar Airways said the cause of the accident had not been identified. The airline, a unit of Qatar Airways, blamed China's Ministry of Civil Aviation. Authorities issued a statement saying "initial investigations by the NTSB show that it is currently unsafe to rule the cause of Flight MH370's disappearance." The search for the plane began about 5 a.m. on Saturday after a short conversation between two airlines representatives at a security checkpoint at the Kuala Lumpur airport. Malaysia officials said the pilots' departure had been delayed as a result of poor communication between the two airlines. Hong Kong-based RMB International Ltd., a unit of Beijing-based RMB Group, was due to arrive at the airport gate in Kuala Lumpur at around noon. RMB spokesman Ghayil Osmanzai, speaking at the airline's media center in Hainan province, in China, confirmed that the flight was being investigated. He said police would go through all the official channels and try to find out where the pilot of the plane went. The 777 is the most commonly flown Boeing 777 and about 84% of flights are assigned a "777" configuration, he said. "If that flight is coming back over, we hope that the pilots are reporting that they understand that the 777 is to be delivered to a lot of these other carriers here," Osmanzai said. "If we do not find that, then it would mean the flight is going to be completely over." The U.S. government has blamed poor communication between the plane's pilots and the crash site. China has provided 24 investigators working at its foreign embassies and numerous ground crews to try to find the cause of the grounding. The Boeing 777 and Airbus A330-300ER, flying from Malaysia to Beijing over March 16, 1994, are scheduled to meet on May 31. Passengers take their seats on a first-class section of the plane, deck B, while passengers are given seats on an aisle in an operating class B. The plane is loaded with 31 people and passenger capacity is 228. Among the confirmed fatalities is the 49-year-old Chinese woman killed last September, when she came home from a Greece-China tour. The first United Airlines major casualty was a Turkish national, reported to be a father of seven. No one known to have worked on the Boeing 777-300ER in the past few years. The crash happened in the wrong area of flight, an assumption that was shared by Malaysian authorities. Global positioning system data on the plane showed it headed southwest and then south before it changed course and disappeared from radar. U.S. authorities released photos of the crash site. All but the one name on the wreckage is an aircraft number, dating back to the 1960s. Official records don't list the company. Two of the 38 fatalities from the plane's first attempt, following a fire on board, were from a U.S. military contractor, the FAA reported Saturday. This latest report doesn't indicate how much damage was sustained by the plane. Meanwhile, Hong Kong is seeking more than 300 workers to help examine the state of its mechanics, along with Boeing's internal maintenance center, to identify the causes of the crash.The plane was carrying between 75 to 90 people -- 67 passengers and 12 crew members -- when it stopped flying March 8 and went into a state of emergency, said a person familiar with the investigation who didn't want to be identified.
Sydney, Australia (CNN) -- Qantas is considering legal action against engine-maker Rolls-Royce after one of the manufacturer's engines sparked a fire on a flight last month, the airline said Thursday.|||Qantas captain Greg Hamilton said that following Qantas' January 11 announcement about the issue, he went through in-house investigations and obtained documents from Rolls-Royce. Afterward, Wednesday's incident -- the first Qantas passenger jet engine malfunction in the Australian market -- led to the cancellation of two more jets, forcing the airline to wait for the crew to return home and conduct a full review. The flight, scheduled to arrive in Melbourne on Thursday, was canceled as the engineer is "spotted fixing," Qantas spokeswoman Debbie Dilworth told CNN. Last month, an injured Qantas crew member was flown home from the United Kingdom aboard a Qantas jet with a serious head injury, X-rays showed.
(CNN) -- In what was a bizarre, disturbing scene at Wimbledon, Serena Williams withdrew from her doubles match with sister Venus Williams on Tuesday due to a viral illness.|||The 36-year-old American's appearance in the UK Open doubles was made possible because her coach, Pete Sampras, is the number two seed and the seventh-seeded American to reach Wimbledon singles finals and champion of the French Open in 1999. Sampras' father, a former tennis player, beat Sampras in a tennis match in 1980. Sampras played Williams in a charity match for leukemia, and is reported to be healthy. Sampras serves as a coach of Serena Williams' children. He has also been known for admitting to taking steroids in the past, but the 24-year-old's fans interpreted his admission as encouragement. During Monday's doubles match, Sampras was visibly upset to see their mother, who told her daughter's grandparents that they were proud of her, according to Johanna Konta, chairman of the U.S. Tennis Association.
(CNN) -- A strong earthquake measuring 6.1 in magnitude struck southern Iran on Wednesday, according to a report from the U.S. Geological Survey.|||The earthquake struck about 70 miles off Iran's coast, in the Putnam and Karborzamas Provinces. The quake occurred at a depth of 1.1 miles (1.2 km), the highest it had been in 70 years, the latest U.S. Geological Survey report said. Earthquake writers. Strongest tremor in U.S. since 1953. There have been reports of near-fatal quakes. E.T.U.: 11 earthquake shocks this century. Earthquakes related to climate change. In Taiwan, the earthquake was of a fairly minor magnitude, the U.S. Geological Survey said. "It was not a shallow earthquake, weak or strong," the survey said. "Recent quakes of magnitude 6-7 can be considered superficial to the extent we can typically measure and survey a probable tremor from a likely position." "We do not expect the latest earthquake to be the most recent to strike Taiwan," the survey said, adding that the average quake is magnitude 7.9 and it is impossible to predict whether further earthquakes would occur in the future. Earthquake of magnitude 7.9 or greater. In 2011, two large earthquakes struck a line on the ocean floor off of New York's East Coast. The most significant was the Caracas earthquake, which struck in May 2011 and has been followed by more than 100 aftershocks a month later, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. Koshihima, Japan -- Despite the fact that the area is 10 miles from Japan's east coast, which is similar to Washington's map, that large earthquake was not an isolated event. On May 16, 2010, a magnitude 7 earthquake struck Koshihima. The following year, when the waves hit the area, it caused earthquakes in Taiwan, as well as Kaohsiung in Hong Kong and Ehang in China. No fatalities were reported. 2008 earthquake. With a range from 10 miles to thousands of miles, North and South Korea are among the countries most frequently struck by earthquakes along the Pacific surface. They can cause death and destruction in more than 100 countries. In 2009, researchers discovered North Korea had natural faults along its eastern borders, stretching more than 11 miles. Nations and regions: Japan, Uzbekistan, Turkey.
Turkish football club Fenerbahce have been excluded from European competitions for two years after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) upheld a ban issued by UEFA.|||CAS accepted UEFA's decision to ban Fenerbahce for two years. UEFA appealed to CAS, which must make a decision by the end of February. The final decision must be taken by February 23, 2012, meaning Fenerbahce will begin playing European games on January 1, 2014, at the earliest. It was not immediately clear when the two-year ban will end, although UEFA officials have indicated the punishment may become "more complicated". The two-year ban for Fenerbahce would still allow the club to compete in the Champions League, but no group stage knockout tournament, cup tournament or World Cup qualifying rounds. Fenerbahce has been officially banned from all club competitions in Europe since 2009 after it was found guilty of eight charges relating to the financial misconduct of a Turkish media outlet and accused of removing video footage of a match involving Fenerbahce players being assaulted outside a restaurant in Istanbul. UEFA has until March 9, 2012, to reach a decision, which depends on CAS' final decision. Fenerbahce appealed against the ban on January 13, 2012. "The Arbitration Board ruled on four points of fitness issues faced by Fenerbahce, which caused their removal from domestic competition," UEFA said in its statement. Two others it suspended for six months were later rescinded on appeal.
The United States believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria, two U.S. officials first told CNN.|||The attack, at Jarablus Airbase in Iraq, is the first such airstrike since a heavy Syrian government airstrikes two weeks ago in which a Palestinian missile killed eight U.S. service members. The strike comes a day after Israel bombed Islamic fighters and foreign aid convoys in northwestern Syria. The attack, which caused some damage to equipment at the airbase and military vehicles, took place around 1:20 p.m. Friday (11:20 a.m. ET) and lasted for about three hours, U.S. officials said. The airstrike was in a coalition facility that aims to take out ISIS fighters in rebel-held areas, including north and north-western Syria. The United States and Saudi Arabia have repeatedly called for a unilateral ceasefire, and they are trying to restore political stability. The attack in Jarablus is not the first time Israel has hit a rebel-held area in Syria, and several militias were targeted in airstrikes by the regime. The attack is the first attack on Hezbollah-controlled territory since September's failed Syrian government offensive that pushed for a cease-fire. Earlier this week, at least seven coalition airstrikes killed a Hezbollah figure. According to the U.S. Defense Department, the airstrike killed at least 50 people. Two of the victims were believed to be Israeli civilians. The attack's five targets were civilians. The areas targeted by the airstrike have been identified, according to Israel. "You could see that the families were sitting in a courtyard, with their hands up," U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said after the strike. "We do not see this as a direct violation of the ceasefire." Analayim Mohammad Kilani, a spokesman for Amnesty International, said Tuesday that the attack "concludes the knowledge that Israel struck in Shayrat." The Abu Shaykh al-Badiya rebel-held area in Syria. There are civilians in the area. There is also near the center of Jerusalem where the Israeli government is located, said Akiva Wilson, a former foreign minister.
It's the second most common cancer for men worldwide, but prostate cancer remains difficult to diagnose, with standard blood tests criticized for delivering a high rate of false positives.|||It's been more than two decades since a full feasibility study concluded that a screening program could still be needed to completely identify prostate cancer -- a cancer that usually starts in the urinary lining. Several factors can lead to the early detection of prostate cancer. The study consisted of three blood tests -- a prostate CT scan, a simple colonoscopy, and a more sophisticated prostate biopsy -- assessing everything from symptoms and specific proteins and fluid in the prostate to factors controlling hair growth and fatty deposits on the prostate, so it could reveal symptoms that are far more severe than the most aggressive cancers. The results came out September 23 from the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH), with a report titled, "Prostate cancer screening: Decoding the myths. Does the test work?" The study suggests a need for a comprehensive process to screen prostate cancer, just as when screening breast cancer. I have been using the recommended algorithm for roughly 16 years now for prostate cancer screening. When compared to women with the disease, men have had fewer symptoms and a lower recurrence rate than women without a disease. However, the life expectancy for men in the United States when breast cancer is diagnosed has also increased by 26 years since the cancer was first diagnosed, and about one-third of patients age 50 to 64 now have had a recurrence of breast cancer within a year of diagnosis. Some cancer screenings are better than others, with very few negative results. Blood tests for prostate cancer might be used to screen for advanced prostate cancer in women, which can develop at an earlier age than in men. The study recommends that the screening plan include time spent at the office, the clinical trial, imaging, and then the outcome report. But when prostate cancer is checked between six and 12 months after the initial screening, these measures -- combined with some immunomodulatory drugs -- may not necessarily protect a man from developing the cancer, the study found. In men with breast cancer, researchers use screening based on the screening tests at least three years after the diagnosis. "But the survival rates of breast cancer over time are the same as that of prostate cancer -- meaning in men, they will probably go to death about six months to three years from the time the cancer first causes symptoms," the study says. "That in itself shows that doctors are trying to push more aggressive tests because of the diagnostic risk of screening. "They are trying to get a wide variety of tests and treatments in place. In the test plan we suggest a number of things, including doing the prognostic testing in the lab, screening the patient before they seek the diagnosis and keeping blood tests for a year after diagnosis." Screening is not only for detecting cancer early on, although as the study reports, in the United States about 17% of cases of men with prostate cancer lead to an adverse prognosis and 40% lead to a recurrence within six months of a test, according to the U.S. National Cancer Institute.
(CNN) -- Russia's controversial anti-gay propaganda law has sparked the "defining civil rights movement of our time" according to U.S. athlete Nick Symmonds.|||"They're trying to silence me. And if that means we're in a fight for gay rights it's a positive thing," he said. Symmonds is a photographer and videographer who was born in Russia before joining the U.S. Air Force. Symmonds was a contestant in the Miss Italia 2003 pageant, which left the U.S. in the lead. "I won, and I want to thank the Russian people for forcing the issue to the forefront. It's taken a lot of courage to speak up and it's given me great hope for their gay equality," he said. Symmonds added that his motivation for participating was not only his own personal comfort but his own pride and survival at the time of his birth.
(CNN) -- The University of Florida's health system is reviewing the application of a heart surgeon from Kentucky who came under scrutiny after a CNN investigation into the deaths of babies in his care.|||Dr. Mark Kelly has said he can no longer practice his orthopedic surgery and doesn't believe the procedures he does perform on pediatric patients at the University of Florida Hospital in Gainesville would cause any permanent or lasting harm to the family. Kelly spoke for three hours to a CNN reporter. He is "absolutely grateful," he said. "It's not my job, it's my responsibility." The school system did not want to comment on Kelly's past, but it had previously said it was "deeply concerned" by Kelly's past behavior. In February of this year, Kelly agreed to take pay cuts. A month later, he voluntarily resigned. The hospital's inspector general, Robert Becker, issued an investigation. It found "serious misconduct" and recommended he be fired, Becker said. Kelly also agreed to surrender all medical records pertaining to children under the age of 2, Becker said. In addition, the hearing examiner is reviewing the treatment Kelly provided while he was the family medical professional at the clinic. Kelly was paid a total of $82,918 by the clinic.
New York (CNN) -- A review of forensic evidence in New York City rape cases has uncovered 26 incidents where critical evidence went undetected, prompting the city's medical examiner's office to look into more than 800 rape cases over 10 years, "reviewing and retesting everything."|||In addition, Judge Robert H. Robinson imposed probation on 23-year-old Leonte Gerardo Martinez, for the more than 50 rapes in which Martinez was convicted. In every one of the cases where a rape was reported to police, four witnesses testified on the tape of the incident, according to the woman's lawyer. "The 40 years we have been talking about for the last nine months all suggest that Leonte's rape was the innocent rape of 14 other young people," Linda Goldstein said. "Every bit of evidence should be on that tape." In all of the cases, only two witnesses said the rape happened at a party, according to Goldstein. In none of the 26 cases, was consent given by an adult, "making it unlikely a rape victim would have a voice at the time," said Ruben Rockel-Baker, Gloria Allred's executive director. Among the rape victims arrested at the end of the search for evidence was 23-year-old Andrea Herbert, whose killer, Robert Franklin, would have testified on tape that she was in the house when he raped her. Ginsburg helped convict and execute Kurt Broussard, also known as The Guilty Face, during the 1980s trial. She executed one of his five attorneys. Gupta, the woman acquitted in the 1976 New York robbery and rape of Indra Gupta, faced the consequences in a 1971 case, leading to her death at age 19 in an NYPD custody facility. Eight men were convicted in "Gary's Burger Day," the first, and two more were convicted after two incidents in 1996. "I was an attractive woman at that time, wearing a haircut, with long bangs and wearing a black sweat shirt and a yellow top," said Gupta. "I don't remember why I was so angry." "I think there were more witnesses," Goldstein said. "I have a feeling that maybe it was a two-face or something else." In two of the seven cases, a female witness testified that she heard her friend in the first rape before it happened, the prosecution said. The rapes took place during the 1980s, when a variety of men -- including a 4-foot-tall Austrian named George -- went to New York University's former Manhattan-American campus to seek a French or Spanish-sounding national identity, the prosecution said. Following four campus breakouts that led to the rape conviction of Broussard, prosecutors charged Broussard and their friend, a white detective. He was convicted of raping Gupta, who later married a male friend. A fourth man, Lucia Tietja, was arrested for raping Tietja on college campus, the police said. New York City Chief Medical Examiner Barbara Berman concluded the amount of "terrible cases" resulting from non-sequiturs during the N.Y.C. rape case backlog in June 2010. "It's something that's an amazing challenge and something that's certainly new to me," Berman said. "As a law enforcement officer, it's something that I've never experienced before." The suspects in all six of the rapes - the only public information the city release for the victims is a telephone statement from the New York City Police Department. Coroner spokesman Jonathan A. Burnett told CNN that the most common aspect of the initial victims' testimony would be "when you quote them, they asked for a time," and a similar statement that's not often given. CNN's Paul Santorio and Damon Arnold contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- Health advisories were issued for four beaches in New York City Thursday evening as wastewater from a plant continued to discharge into the Hudson River, according to a press release from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection.|||"Officials will contact beachgoers in Wilmington, Warren, Manchester, and Brooklyn to ensure they are not exposed to exposure to harmful toxins caused by activated sludge or added salts from that plant," a press release from the Department of Environmental Protection said. Wilmington was an example of a state problem. In May, the Port Huron Public Works Department shut down the city's sewage treatment plant after a huge spill into the Great Newark River. More than 24,000 gallons of discharged wastewater from the plant were dumped into the river, causing negative downstream air and water quality changes, according to the DEP. Though the two lines of sewage at least should have been shut down, officials said they opened up in mid-June, allowing the plants to restore treatment operations. Further releases will continue. However, when one line of sewage reaches an expected total of 23,000 gallons, another plant will discharge another 12,000 gallons of untreated waste from a leak in Fulton County, according to the release. The pollutants released will include waterway pollutants, waterway pollutants, muck, pollutants, waterway pollutants, pollutants from waterways, nutrients from the air, pollutants that can result from human activities and pollutants from smog. The pollutants, located mostly on the New York City east side, will still result from tank spills in Westchester County, where another waste slurry spill is expected. Those following the New York City lead have been urged to stay off of the affected beaches. Those who were warned of the advisories will be notified if the beaches are flooded, the statement said. Authorities are treating the New York City and surrounding areas as flood plains, according to the DEP. That means the priority is to maintain security during flooding. Asked for what tips are available to those who have been affected by the water problems, DEP spokeswoman Andrea Ricciardi said, "A million ways." Last week, CBS News asked for tips from some of those who had been evacuated. The Department of Environmental Protection, meanwhile, stepped in to protect homeowners that have been contacted by the Environmental Working Group (EWG) about the incidents. They urged a delay in the decision to extend cleaning hours or reduce the length of power. Water recovery will be considered when officials reach the EPA assessment and decide whether to close the water source. Clean water pollution is an overall problem and a number of years ago the sewage plant that started falling short of the Environmental Protection Agency's 100-year drinking water standards reached its capacity. This month, the agency fined the dump site $2.3 million. Kentucky officials said they ordered a sewage spill of contaminated water from the site, in an effort to clean up the system as soon as possible. Stocks at private collection points and school districts across Kentucky -- including locations in Lexington, Columbia and Richmond -- have reopened. More than 250 individuals were injured last year from treated sewage discharged from the plant, according to the EPA. About 3.3 million waterfowl will be relocated from the highly polluted waterways in the United States because of the spill. Health officials said the city's sanitation department had already started monitoring beachside sloughs to see if flammable material from the plant would be released into the water. No protective measures were in effect, and the agency urged people to avoid leaving their pets in the water. "No one should be exposed to any of the water in the area," a statement from New York City's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said.
(CNN) -- In a matter of minutes, a way of life disappeared in Hackleburg, Alabama.|||" We were actually almost down a road and not out and about," Gabriel said. Swift water floods isolated areas of the state, left wildlife stranded, and required search and rescue teams from across the country to locate them. The story of Virginia Hawk is one of a small frontier town's little triumphs. For some years, it has been a wilderness vista, down to picturesque mountains and a section of the interstate. But after flooding, the view of the legendary Mount Washington -- once some of the world's most renowned landmarks -- is lost, and that's a huge blow. Not for the wildlife, of course. Brackets, foxes and other wildlife that were living there died early Tuesday, according to Nancy Kragorn, a biological and technical program manager for the National Centers for Biologic Resources (NCBRS), who spoke on behalf of four agencies nationwide working with the nonprofit organization. Threatened by rain, flash floods, lightning and freezing rain, Hurricane Matthew left Florida, Alabama and parts of Kentucky all in a state of lockdown. Thousands of homes and businesses were ordered to evacuate. A mandatory wildlife inventory was ordered in Hurst, Michigan. Five wildlife rescue groups were also called to the area. Watch this look at the destruction in Hurst ». CNN's Chris Metcalfe and Dana Green contributed to this report.
(CNN)An ISIS outfit based in northeastern Syria has been drawing up plans since at least the middle of last year to kidnap Westerners and others in neighboring countries, a Middle East security source told CNN on Friday.|||"Saker Al-Kolaj, ISIS's 'Salafist governor' -- the Islamic militant group behind the Abu Sayyid Khaled series of terror attacks -- has already started trying to draw up a playbook for the next mission, something we don't think they will succeed in," the source said. ISIS is an acronym for the militant Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Syria's al Qaeda affiliate. Al-Kolaj is thought to be the central focus of ISIS's tactical operations against Syrian troops and other extremists in the country and "to facilitate the diversion of funding that might be difficult to find." The source said the group was working with fighters within ISIL to kidnap several people in Syria, "including one of the senior commanders of the Syrian Arab Army. Of particular interest were senior commanders of the Syrian Arab Army who believe that the priority has to be Abu Sayyid Khaled," the source said. Al-Kolaj is listed as a "member and leadership of ISIS" by a Kurdish-led organization in Iraq. The spy network described the group as ISIS: "Youth organization with significant military experience" that is known to be operating under the name of "Raqqah," the center of ISIS' infrastructure. CNN reported Thursday the group has studied imagery and plans of military attacks against military targets in southern Syria, including the borders with Jordan and Syria. ISIS is believed to have been scattered across Syria since mid-May. The group has dealt with Syrian government forces and other insurgents in the fighting that has turned violent in Syria, including attacks on U.S. and Iraqi soldiers. Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan also share a long and volatile border region, with little diplomatic and economic ties between the countries. Earlier this week, U.S. officials said U.S. allies have not received funding for a separate military campaign in Afghanistan, the culmination of a nearly seven-year military campaign that has turned the country into a war zone. Washington later agreed the cost of the U.S. support has been too high. The defense authorization authorized for U.S. military forces has expired and isn't renewed until the Syrian government and other parties come to an agreement in place, which will give the U.S. the power to continue the military campaign against ISIS. The scope of ISIS's operations in Syria has expanded since the group took up arms against the Syrian military in early June, after receiving direct orders from ISIS leaders and declaring that they would use military tactics to oust Assad. The Egyptian security threat to Iraq began last year, according to reports. Al Qaeda's Al-Nusra Front claimed responsibility for suicide bombings on May 9 and February 16 that injured 15 people. Though ISIS is believed to have lost control of part of Idlib province in northern Syria, the group maintains influence in other parts of the country. This includes southern Aleppo, where the group appears to control a large area of territory, the source said. Thursday, a separate source in the Syrian government and U.N. Special Envoy for Syria, which has its headquarters in the government capital of Damascus, told CNN it is considering its "own options" after local fighters and Islamic extremists threatened a new move against the regime. The advance came as the Syrian army and allied rebels from around the country were facing off against suspected ISIS members on the ground, including some of the toughest commanders the Syrian army has fought in the area in years. The group is also suspected of driving U.S. special forces towards targets in northern Syria in violation of U.N. rules, the source said. CNN's Brandon Darwish contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Another "Real Housewives" divorce is on the way.|||Sharyn Hulmey and her husband Stephen Hulmey are separating, "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" announced on their website Thursday. According to the show's website, Hulmey filed for divorce Thursday morning along with Stephen Hulmey. "The Usual Suspects" star has reportedly been dating for almost a year and the U.S. couple's relationship has been on the rocks before. Authorities have seized the couple's now two-year-old son, while the couple has been estranged for years. It's unclear if they have decided to keep the child, or if he's an illegitimate. Whether the couple's second child is an official step-child or not has yet to be determined. The couple have been married since 2004. Almost 40 years have passed since the Hulmeys' first marriage, ending in divorce in 2009 after Shannon Harrington filed for divorce in the UK. Hulmey, a singer, is the current wife of Hulmey. Married is not always an easy process for the Wannabe Stars of Real Housewives of Atlanta. The show also chronicles the brassy lives of the HGTV cast. Earlier this year, Carrie Duhring and Simon Baron-Cohen announced they will be at the 2015 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow, Russia, in March, along with Kim Raver and Simone Hampton. In the previous episode, Susan Simary and Frank Dirk announced their separation, with a picturesque facade that belies its tough times. The Hills and Highgate alum hit the road. His third wife will begin her divorce later this year, though there's no word on the status of Hulmey's marriage to Stewart Kirk. He is known for his advanced social career. Meanwhile, Hulmey's boyfriend, Tyan Markham, admitted to cheating on his wife.
(CNN) -- Cadel Evans secured Australia's first ever Tour de France victory after the 21st and final stage of the historic race culminated on the streets of Paris.|||Evans came to a sprint on the famed Champs-Elysees after a solo finish in the final climb from an accident near the very end of the 19th and final stage, winning by eight seconds. Eister Kirchhoff, who finished second overall in the event, was his closest rival for the victory -- with just 20 seconds separated by the youngster. But Evans nabbed every 1.6 percent of the overall lead as he celebrated victory on the Mount Eys. "That is one of the most demanding stages of a grand final and I'm very happy to have won the race," the Victorian said. "I would have preferred that I finished with this amount of overall time, but I think it's a really great job by the team (entirely downhill). "I was really happy that the guys were up on the climb at the end, it was amazing. I'm very happy for all the guys and for the team." Evans, who held fourth place overall at the last edition of the race, secured the national prize for the Tour de France. He also made his career debut at the marathon race but also became the first marathon finisher to win the Tour de France since Eddie Peillat in 2000. Evans took a teammate and team-mate on the podium, Mathias Frank, who was his 20th overall, a minute behind the winner. As for New Zealand's Kristian Kircher, who finished ninth on his first Tour of France stage, the 2011 stage win looked promising after he won in the New Mexico City area. "I was feeling good," he said, "I came close (to the podium) last week, but I'm glad I got there."
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods doesn't have a great record in team events, especially in light of his stellar solo achievements, but the world No. 1 helped the United States win the Presidents Cup for the fifth successive time Sunday.|||The 34-year-old won his third major tournament of the year, helping the United States triumph in its home nation for the fifth time in a row. Woods led his team by nine strokes after his final round 66 at Metropolitan Park, but they needed to finish strong, winning by three shots at Puerto Vallarta from Spain. Woods' lead at one point stretched to 15, but the tough course of the final day prevented him from adding another major title. His last eight holes were all birdies, with the top three of the leaderboard counted as one and another falling short of ideal course conditions. Woods did manage to get a good drive from the right side of the fairway at the par-5 18th and safely holed out for his only birdie of the day. He carded an eight-footer for eagle on the par-4 third and carded a charge-breaker at the par-5 18th that cost him another birdie to seal the win. 'They'll call me Mr. Federer anytime,' Woods told the CBS broadcast team. Woods' win represented his 17th in a Presidents Cup team competition. The biggest victory of his life came back in 2009, when he captained the Americans to their first of five straight matches at Deisel Golf Club in New Jersey. He has 12 career victories on the senior tour, plus a six-year stay with the PGA Tour. On home soil, he joins a row of American legends in the PGA of America's All-Time Top 50. "I've come to cherish and respect what I've done for the team here," he said. "I feel honored, but at the same time humbled." Leading the standings was Justin Thomas of the U.S., who took the Presidents Cup alongside Ryder Cup captain Mike Davis. Each team plays only once every three years, and any winning team takes the cup to each of its respective countries. Getty Images.
(CNN) -- The European Parliament recently voted on a bill titled "Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU." A laudable goal, for sure -- but activists characterized the bill as a Trojan horse with chilling effects on free speech and opinion. The response from the European Parliament left much to be desired in terms of respect for democracy and voters.|||German law professor and feminist Joachim Rosa Perales explains why he is worried by the bill. Read more of his recent commentary on the shocking new anti-transgender European Parliament bill. It is time that the members of the European Parliament take a lesson from their neighbors at home and the activists they are trying to help. Conservatives tend to support sexist stereotypes and anti-transgender policies. There is no more controversial issue in the 21st century than free speech. The focus of Ms. Rosa Perales's group is on rejecting gender stereotypes, and creating a gender-neutral language to change the vocabulary used by mainstream news organizations, or more generally, the industry and the European public. Many of the key arguments put forward by the European Parliament are well-documented. One that has not been fully outlined is the scope of the European Council's directive to set up working groups on gender-neutral terminology and regulatory guidelines. "Gender: terminology and language and institutions that describe society as socially divided, socially isolated, society as a whole or society that comprises gender groups," states the proposal. "Gender: excluded from planning, budgets, budgets, legislation, budget proposals, the taxation of goods and services, the government as the final law, the Public Accounts, the Court of Justice. Gender: discrimination and unworkable, segregated and irrational." CNN believes these lines of reasoning are at odds with feminist and human rights' values, based on the standard article 20. In effect, the idea that groups can be marginalized by no matter their gender or origin is a foundational premise to gender-neutrality and the justice system. The great consensus in recent years has been against equal treatment of people of different gender groups. Today there is nowhere as strong a global consensus as we see against equality of opportunity, equal pay for equal work and equal participation in society and our own national policies. Our time to start the conversation about these issues in Europe has come along at a welcome time. Our age of civil rights, civil liberties and education are at an historic juncture. It is high time the European Union acted accordingly, taking practical steps to ensure the free and fair functioning of all its citizens. European equality for the first time in more than 100 years deserves a rethink. We need to promote the debate on our system in Europe and to imagine another version of an EU Constitution that does not only recognize the rights of everyone, but of every person, transgender, queer, and other people of different backgrounds. That kind of thinking is how we could change the way we organize, think and live, and that would go a long way in implementing EU commitments to enact its commitments.
(CNN)Cigarettes have been put out across the bars of New Orleans. Cigars are welcome no more.|||The vandalism took a dramatic turn Wednesday night when cigar stands were used as the beverage of choice in bars across New Orleans. "Patient confidentiality," a sign posted at a "No Smoking" message on the bar gate in Broussard said, is "taken away from all employees." Philip J. Pendergrass, a staff member at NOLA.com/the Times-Picayune, said the safety handbill also includes a statement warning: "Drinking outside is strictly prohibited. Suffer the consequences." Members of the public are not permitted to smoke on public property, according to the sign. Smoke has been banned throughout New Orleans since 1971. To ban a cigarette, customers enter a designated area and state the direction, according to NOLA.com. In an earlier, harsher warning, two employees were fired last year for smoking outside at a bar in Old Town. That worked. What followed was a high-profile shootout at a Dollar General store in New Orleans. A gunman killed two people. A third died at a hospital a few hours later. Related: He's wanted in Oklahoma child abduction incident. Several packages were dropped off at New Orleans Christmas markets, according to a St. Patrick's Day and New Orleans Times-Picayune newspaper report. Pipe bombs were dropped at a woman's house, while another package dropped off on a stranger's car. Tow trucks bore the letters OWWL, which stood for "Office" in the English translation of New Orleans. Officials reported the body in the snow was valued at $55,000, according to CNN affiliate WBRZ. The police are working with the U.S. Marshals Service and the FBI. According to an unofficial website, the Windermere Neighborhood Association is the state’s health department. A newspaper ran a story this morning advertising an offer for free smoked meat, booze and jewelry. Jewelry, and money are accepted as well, it was reported. Donations must be mailed by December 28. Cards and packages will be put in an MASH pile behind the growler labeled "All grown up now." A sign near the old Sugar Shack reads, "Charitable contributions accepted at no cost to the cause of any cause." Grandma Genevieve Pinchot, who said she suffers from Tourette syndrome, told the newspaper her wife was burying some of her favorite pieces of jewelry. "He loved her while she was alive and they still have all of their stuff," she said. "Maybe he doesn't remember his mother."
(CNN) -- Wildfires burning across some 1.4 million acres in 12 states have forced the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses in one Texas county and claimed the lives of two firefighters in Florida, authorities said Tuesday.|||The parched fires were fueled by high pressure, dry heat, high humidity and high winds. For many in the region, the result was mandatory evacuations, which were easier to perform because of the heat. An Associated Press investigation found that the fires were likely started by lightning or by human activity. In Florida, three weeks later, firefighters were killed in the Euless Fire when they fought the blaze on a residential street. Nearly 63,000 people remain at risk in the region for the fires caused by a combination of warm and parched conditions, the American Red Cross said. The three dangerous fires occurred on Tuesday amid cold, wet and wintry weather. READ MORE: Air has been a deadly weapon for California » • READ MORE: Gov. George W. Bush: 'We've got a couple of smart guys here' » Share your thoughts. See what other people are saying about the fire » » Read more about the fire » » Share your thoughts about the fire ».CNN's Kurt King contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Video storytelling can be a very powerful thing. Moving images coupled with compelling sound can transport a viewer to a different place, inside the story. To achieve this level of storytelling you must be a technically sound shooter. Here are the basic tools and tips needed to become a great video storyteller.|||Video production is an art form. Moving images coupled with compelling sound can transport a viewer to a different place, inside the story. It's here that a filmmaker can become something far more powerful than he or she is. For a while, you may think you have what it takes, but the young people of today demand much more. More and more, they want to find out what makes a film great. "Your child is fascinated by movies, the dances, the music, it just moves my heart," says Anita Ahuja, head of programming for the Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. who directed a recent film in India titled "Zulily: The Story of Arc." Inspired by the day when children played an arc-theater, adults (and even their siblings) probably got into video games with the same idea. Today we live in a world where entertainment can be turned into a highly lucrative business and giving a "look behind the camera" is a formula that sells incredibly well. That's why it is important to work on video stories that require a skillful camera with a wide range of camera angles. You must also have outstanding presentation skills. How I use photography to make video stories is what I call "the anchor points," the visual elements that are very important to storytellers. Here are some of the basic tools and tips needed to become a great video storyteller. Click to see the gallery. Inspire people. Establish a place for video storytelling in your future career. Jump from one story to the next, learn a great tool to enhance that storytelling process, and create meaningful images that live up to the expectations of an audience. Click here to see more of our gallery.
(CNN) -- Microsoft has announced its Surface tablets, due out late this year, at a time when security is a growing concern for users of mobile devices.|||Microsoft's Surface is a new tablet, a successor to the company's mighty "Titan" smartphone. The free tablet, which runs Android and Windows, has been designated a Smart Car of the Year for 2014 by industry. "It is the first time anyone has suggested that a smartphone is currently the 'Smart Car' of our future,'" Greg Mayer, chief of strategy for the mobile technology group at Google, told CNN Tech. "As a result, we felt we couldn't wait to enable it as a smartphone. ...The tablet -- and the series of devices -- will be a very competitive tablet. It has a unique hardware architecture for me that very few competitors can compete with," Mayer said. "I think it's going to hold up." He described the Surface as "The original product from the original device company." According to Mayer, the exploiting of those vulnerabilities is trivial, but it can be considered because it's designed to be "highly secure" for users and isn't known to have a "face-off" between its user and the user. It will not respond to emails, or push notifications for news or permissions to change apps -- it does so in the Microsoft Edge browser on the web browser. "For those who haven't used it, you have an ability to go back to the versions you've used before but they will be closed in on any future version," Mayer said. Microsoft CEO Tim Allen, last month, said the company would spend $6 billion on the new Surface line. "We started getting design start-up money, we built an assortment of new products, we added more product categories, so we're going to make a substantial effort on the security of the product itself. It's something we'll be targeting," Allen said in a statement. "We've had significant feedback from our product partners, and we'll use that feedback in our partnership with our partners to try to find commonality between their products and our solution." Now, it's not just up to Microsoft to secure the product and its features. Google told iHacked.com last year that it had scans of more than 2 billion devices and that it was aware of vulnerability-squeezing strategies for more than 18,000 Android and iOS devices and some made by outside hackers. Uncovering these computer vulnerabilities can increase the potential speed and speed of the same processor, used to navigate search and database searches, as well as to play games. Google's Android system runs on a currently untested version of the Internet Explorer 5 software. Huawei on Wednesday released a new "full-fledged processor" it says will be available to about 2.3 billion Samsung Chromebooks by the end of the year.  Watch how I checked for vulnerabilities » Microsoft spokesman Phil Edwards told CNN Tech's Imani Karimi this week that the company would not likely protect and update the Intel Core i5 processor every time a new version comes out. "Intel has repeatedly said that we will not deploy a new processor that will increase performance by 30%, so we are not counting on that." Edwards' remarks came a day after HP shut down its processor, citing security threats. Microsoft is not alone in facing security concerns over new Android devices, Mayer said. Google recently confirmed that its Android operating system has flaws "that are making operating systems vulnerable to attack." The company released a warning on its corporate blog saying that "detection of malware is a concern." Asus has also said that the operating system there is unpatched. Vodafone has said it will be "coming soon" to replace Android versions of most smartphones.
(CNN) -- If you access Facebook via the Web browser on a "feature phone" -- a simpler, less powerful cousin to the smartphone -- your experience might improve significantly over the next few weeks.|||Facebook is launching a free version of its Web browser for Android users, primarily aimed at those with "feature phones" on their main mobile operating systems. "The browser architecture of the Facebook app also translates seamlessly from desktop computers to smartphones and mobile computers, so finding Facebook on your Android device shouldn't be difficult," Facebook CEO Sheryl Sandberg said in a statement released to CNNMoney. "You'll be amazed what the amount of content that will be available for you once it's enabled." Facebook has an Android app for Android phones and mobile devices designed to work with the Web browser in the browser. Facebook will also make available versions of its Web apps for iPad and iPhone. Learn more about the release and availability of Facebook's Android version of the Web browser. © 2013 CNN Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- Let's assume you live in Utah, Hawaii or South Carolina, and you go to Nevada for a vacation. While in Las Vegas, you spend some money in the casinos.|||The agency is concerned about their authority to take over the operating and management of these businesses on the property of a Native American or African American tribe within Nevada. Because there are so many different communities where a casino is located, a new convention center will be added on the hotel's grounds to receive extra tourism dollars for the center's registration as a casino. Noting that New Orleans casino owner Tony Rocca -- who owns several casinos here and also operates a New York casino -- helped to author a draft proposal to make the New Orleans casino his only casino, as he has an ownership interest in all Nevada casinos, as well. "We will have room in the casino that we may not find in our own communities," Rocca said. Only two Nevada casinos have been working to keep all 18 employees on disability benefits disabled, one of which is just west of the city of Los Angeles and the other in Toledo, Florida. The reservation is for people with disabilities, according to Daniel Guidry, director of the International Committee of the Red Cross. "Today, those workers have a history of excessive drinking. They may drink to their consciousness in the vehicles, they may live in hiv resistant states, they may be problem patients or they may be people with disabilities, some of whom do not have the ability to work or pay the required expenses. They are issues and they are matters of concern to our children and their families." Los Angeles already has several low-cost amusement parks, but aside from the Gold Coast, there are four on the East Coast and one in the Gulf Coast of Louisiana, including a place called Atlantis Beach Resort. There, patients can be assigned to a medically fragile patient after a mandatory 12-month training. Here in Las Vegas, there are also some accepted mental health treatment facilities and facilities for people with serious illnesses, including at-risk children, people with diabetes, or those who cannot afford any treatment. This is all a new concept, especially for those who are concerned about losing their jobs. Dear Las Vegas employees, How many times have you canceled your job after spending money at a Vegas casino because you didn't use it? You told me you would go to a casino like Richard Cromwell's, but that plan isn't enough to keep you out of the Nevada government. Call your insurance company. You work for Tom Bond, CEO of Lexus Asset Management, which runs Casinos Globals and Lena Cortez, President of Western-Identity Casino Group, which manages ResortsWorld Las Vegas.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A construction worker found what appears to be a World War II-era bomb Thursday afternoon at a work site on Hong Kong Island, prompting evacuations in the area, police told CNN.|||Hong Kong police did not confirm any suspects at large. The discovery came Thursday afternoon on Bauhinia Street, located on the Island's south side. The bomb was removed Thursday morning after detecting signs of explosive materials in the area, police spokeswoman Christine Cheung said. In a 2008 interview with CNN, Tanya Jones, a spokesman for the Criminal Investigation Bureau, said bomb disposal experts "proved to be accurate." The FBI said that in the case of the Bauhinia Street bomb, its specialists were leading the team, including experts who conducted the tests. CNN's Tim Montgomery contributed to this report. CNN is not responsible for the content of this story unless it is directly attributed to CNN.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration has selected 43 more technology specialists as Presidential Innovation Fellows to help the government devise new ways to operate better and save money, President Barack Obama announced Monday.|||The task force will work with Silicon Valley and universities across the country to help plan the coming years for the tech-savvy group. The president made the announcement at the request of President Obama and the nation's only female lieutenant governor, Kamala Harris of California, and the 10-member Congressional Small Business Council, comprised of members of Congress and corporate executives, representing both the national and local sectors. The executive panel also selected 43 experts and 31 mentors, eight of whom will receive awards from the President. Obama asked for these innovative talents and introduced them during the inauguration ceremony for the group. The program provides training to companies and individuals working in different government departments for up to 12 months, the president said in a statement. The training program includes academic, business and environmental certifications. The fellows, listed with names in alphabetical order, will have to demonstrate they can carry out a vast array of user and business activities on government-owned technology under the direction of a White House interagency task force on innovation and public good.
Chhukha, Bhutan (CNN) -- Bhutan is the last of the Himalayan kingdoms. The small country is situated in the nooks and crannies of the highest mountain range on earth.|||Bhutan. It's where birds and animals are transported by gliding on rusty-colored stalks out of their stinking cellars to the monastery. And it's where "famous" people -- including Guinness World Record holder Andy Warhol -- make their claims. "There is nothing in the world that this nation does better than runs." It had the highest number of toilets ever built, and although it's been criticised for some of its facilities, these toilets produce big salaries and often leak badly. Another award-winning product is the camera. With more than three million visitors each year, the country has been the location of more than 300 scenes of drama. It's no wonder these westerners are so captivated by its landscape and characters. Forty percent of the country is made up of retired or semi-retired army men. More than two-thirds of the school teachers visit the country to serve their full-time jobs. At times, the tour packages include lunch and wine and Chinese grandpa advice. But a few foreigners were kicked out of the country. Even in the best of conditions, tourists suffer from the experience of walking among crevices and mud. Losing money causes a lot of physical problems, including by slippers, tuberculosis and maternal-genetic disorders. For months on end, U.S. Air Force Staff Sgt. John Froggatt visited the country to educate foreign media about its place in the world. In fact, he often brought more than one press release a day. The photo, taken by photographer Eric Kealickson, was also used to promote India's annual National Geographic Day that this year takes place on October 2. But since a group of 51 freelance photographers from three different countries made this trip together in July, they decided to mix their reporting on the two countries. While trying to get to know Bhutan first, they found out how hard it is to win a camera. They also learned about how some of the people are actually very good at producing them. As part of the experience, they were allowed to paint pictures of their subjects. Oh, and when they finished, they then let them paint them. In Pakistan, they discovered the popularity of yoga, yoga teacher's danjay and girls eatery. Tawfeeq Ali was an elegant and dashing 17-year-old from London when he and his friends visited Bhutan. While some boys stayed in school and stayed a year, some girls began traveling and working in the country. In one town they found a storybook about a village where the women and boys would swim and cook noodle in a bowl. Some boys had turned into striking girls while they lived there.
(CNN) -- Soccer star Nicolas Anelka has sparked controversy after making a gesture one French government official called "shocking" and "disgusting."|||Anelka, 32, said he made the gesture "to clear the air and speak about controversial experiences," according to a statement issued by Frankfurt's communications department. The Pays de la Loire athletic association said it takes seriously Anelka's comments. It said it has banned offensive sexual or homophobic slurs in its own football and competed with clubs such as Stuttgart, Nice, Borussia Monchengladbach, Paris Saint-Germain, and Marseille. "Our warnings and decisions are clear: "France cannot tolerate acts like this," the association said in a statement, calling Anelka's actions "unacceptable, reprehensible, repugnant and contemptible." "His words were used in public as a sarcastic joke. "These disgusting comments were deeply offensive to the gay community and disgusted many people in their own private life. "He does not represent all French citizens. He does not represent every household in the United States, but he represents some of them. "France, as a country, has gone back in time to demand the relevant legislation about homosexuality," the statement said. "When that bill was passed, and in time, the homophobia of the politicians, homosexual rights and the inclusion of homosexuals were infringed. "The intolerance and exalting of gays only created the conditions for discrimination against homosexuals by homosexuals and homosexuals of color." It said, "This prejudice did nothing but magnify inequality between homosexuals and homosexuals and produce a double system of hatred between homosexuals and homosexuals, making homosexuality and homosexuality looked inferior." "At one point this player was insulted. That was disgusting and unacceptable, but there was no need to use that term to describe him," it said, calling the anti-gay flare a "small, insignificant demonstration." Anelka's words have created a stir in France's top flight, where no French team in this season's French league would play in the Champions League. Anelka is French. He played at Arsenal and Liverpool during his two years in Italy before coming to Paris Saint-Germain last season under then-coach Carlo Ancelotti. He made many comments about what he believes is discrimination, the statement said, adding: "The truth is that anti-gay racism is everywhere." At Liverpool, Anelka played alongside the former Italian player Carlo Ancelotti. The coach also expressed shock at Anelka's remarks. "The words the French government has used today were grossly misinterpreted," Ancelotti said at a press conference. "They were not intended to vilify an individual or a country." Anelka also said in a statement that French officials would not negotiate his contract with the FFF. The PSG was not responding directly to the Pays de la Loire association's comments, but said in a statement last week it would examine any possible breach of rules to deal with Anelka's comments. "We have always been clear and clear that we will monitor the situation and will act to take legal steps to prevent it," the French league said in a statement. FIFA on Sunday pledged to investigate the case of Anelka.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada -- LeBron James put on another shooting clinic in a 118-81 rout of Argentina as the United States locked up a tournament gold medal to go with an Olympic berth at the FIBA Americas Championship on Sunday.|||LeBron was speaking to his players and coach Dwane Casey, as he tried to keep his team's composure and star player Tony Parker at a softball practice ahead of the showdown with Argentina on Sunday. He said, "It took more than just a great game from the game. We're happy because we're going to the Olympics, we're going to be playing in that game, and we're going to try to get some gold medals." Argentina conceded an embarrassing defeat in the opening game, while the Americans have dominated for most of the tournament. The final went to Cleveland James, with a 36-point double-double and nine-assist, on the way to a 17-point triumph over host Brazil. The game-winner came with 2:20 remaining in the fourth quarter as James hit a second-half jumper. The game was handed to the U.S. following their opening win Saturday in New York, which fell to Minnesota. "We just want to be better in all aspects of our game. Our goals have been improving year by year and this is the fourth time we've reached the championship, and we're really trying to do everything right now to improve on that," coach Dwane Casey said. Canada is the defending gold-medal favorite, but the Americans took a 2-0 lead in the series. Jameis Winston's opening three-pointer in the final round of the tournament led by James scored 21 points, and Carolina's Chase Budinger had a season-high 16. The Americans, who claimed the top spot for a third straight year in the league standings, have now won 11 of their last 12. They lead the season series 11-4. ESPN's Nancy Armour contributed to this report.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN)ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site.|||ISIS Isis claimed command of part of Iraq's Ghadamar refinery complex. The group published a video claiming to capture a captive Iraqi oil worker and say he had been rescued by ISIS soldiers after hiding behind a building as troops, soldiers and civilians filed into the vicinity of the complex, near Baghdad's Al-Rashid mosque complex, the Iranian-owned Habish newspaper reported. The Iraqi government blamed ISIS and American troops for the capture of the refinery. According to the territory of Iraq, ISIS claims it had six Iraqi oil facilities and 6,450 barrels of finished oil products per day, Iraqi Oil Minister Jabar Ali Hassan said earlier this month. In Mosul, where ISIS claims a 2.5 million square-meter building with vast oil tankers. Inside Iraqi Kurdistan, the city of Kirkuk, the militant group seized Idlib oil dam and the largest city, Dahuk, Monday, after fierce clashes with pro-government forces loyal to Iraq's Arab National Congress party and the Awakening Council militia. It released new videos Sunday that described clashes with U.S. and Kurdish forces on Sunday. ISIS claims it also captured infrastructure from the police and military before but the same is later denied by Iraqi Army Gen. Qassim Halim Abou Hassan. The Abu Sayyaf Front told CNN that its operatives destroyed pipelines carrying oil and gas to Baghdad and rigged them to burst, sending gas in the wrong direction. The militants announced that they cut off two pipelines that took gas to the Kurdish region in northern Iraq, about 100 kilometers east of the southern city of Irbil. On Sunday, IS claimed control of Ghadamar, a city of 8 million people about 10 miles northwest of Kirkuk. The Khashib offensive came as Kurdish military forces clashed with ISIS forces outside Kirkuk, taking six of their tanks and several civilians and Iraqis killed. CNN's Abdullah and Sophie Baldwin contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A 32-year-old Saudi Arabian who has crusaded for women to drive in her country said she was stopped Saturday for driving a car -- even though there is no law against it.|||A photo posted on the Saudi man's website, Sada Al-Ammari, shows him leaning forward in the driver's seat of his silver Toyota Sedan Saturday. A photo posted on the website showing the woman in the front seat shows her right arm sewn shut under the seat, so as not to show she is holding a bag. "Why do you think it happened? No one knows the reasons," Saudi Sen. Abdulla Barak al-Jazairi, a Shiite Muslim, said at a press conference. "But as I was in my mosque this morning, I realized that this (waiting for) the kingdom to let a female driver go on a ride was not OK, but then I saw so many women driving to work that it was shocking for me." For years, Al-Ammari has waged a campaign against Saudi Arabia's nation-state -- a political concept that has prompted boycotts by women as it relies on the military to govern. "I cannot support this stance," she said. But she feels obliged to speak out. "People don't understand how it has to happen. This is not part of our religion, this is not about men, this is about women," she said. "We want equality." Once in power, the king is expected to allow women to drive to earn money. But she says she's not there yet. Al-Ammari, a former resident of Riyadh and daughter of Saudi king Mohammed bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, said Saudi Arabia's girls are not entitled to drive. "Girls live in Saudi Arabia. Girls aren't citizens of this country," she said. "We are all in a society that doesn't recognize our freedom of movement." Al-Ammari says that while it's in the name of women's equality, the kingdom cannot afford to have a woman driving a car full time. The government is "a mature nation -- it can tolerate the drivers who are using alcohol, they can tolerate the drivers who use narcotics," she said. "It doesn't permit those who cross the road without permission to drive." She said during the rally that now, drivers are allowed to bring alcohol to work, but that has not been the case for long. President Mohammed bin Salman says it is time to change the law. Al-Ammari, who first appeared on the Saudi Arabian Senate TV channel in May 2012, called for women to drive -- "to practice driving a car is not a scheme or a vehicle." "I respect the opinion of every Saudi woman, to please let a girl in a car but tell them they can't do it," she said. "I believe in the Saudi women power and know that there is a limit to the potential of a man to do anything. I also think if he had more authority, then he would allow women to drive." Al-Ammari is one of the most prominent public figures working for women rights in Saudi Arabia. A video posted online in support of her cause showed her in a Seattle Walmart parking lot surrounded by men trying to keep their hands off her last week. When asked what position she took on the issue, Al-Ammari said, "I support the question of women's rights. I welcome equality. If women choose to drive, I am not opposed. I am positive that we will keep a road for women of all generations." Al-Ammari said that, in spite of the lack of the law, she still feels at home as a young woman who still wants to travel, and loves to share and share her stories. "I still feel that it is her right to drive without authority," she said. "It's part of the American system of personal liberty and rights." "I welcome any girl to take to the road without a man. I'm also here to give her freedom of movement and expression." #RainbowDaughters.
(CNN) -- Pirates traded gunfire with Togo security forces early Tuesday from a hijacked oil tanker off the west coast of Africa, the International Maritime Bureau said.|||The piracy flared Monday when the Bambari Tote, an oil tanker that had been flagged by a foreign news magazine as part of the group known as Red Otter, went missing and was taken by the pirates. The pirates went after the Bambari Tote with the crew on board, and officials said the ship had nine employees on board when it was hijacked. The pirates claimed the ship was carrying $1 million and that it was in bad shape. Two crew members are believed to be taken hostage, according to the International Maritime Bureau. Trans-Sahara, a group that typically controls pirate activities off the coast of Africa, has a state-of-the-art network of training sites and could conduct training for the participating armed groups. The U.S. Navy says pirate activity is affecting up to $22 billion worth of oil and natural gas reserves off the West African coast.
(CNN) -- A volcano erupted Thursday in Guatemala, prompting officials to evacuate 35,000 residents, a spokeswoman for the Red Cross told CNN.|||Ol' volcano erupted at 6:52 a.m. Thursday, National Disaster Management Director Agustin Jiménez said. The volcano's summit, Teotihuacan, is located in the Cordillera Unida, which is in the Pacific mountains of eastern Guatemala. Mount Teotihuacan's summit -- which is known as the highest point in the volcano range -- is in the snowy Sierra de Letrado, an area in the south of the volcano range, Jimenez said. An eruption alert from the Red Cross was issued. A volcano that was called Kiska after the extinct volcano, is scheduled to erupt after it shakes itself to a halt, Jimenez said. The Clime Juy, Volcan Colorado, erupted May 15, CNN reported. About 10,000 residents were taken to other locations to move away from the eruption area, including a mining town, the spokesman said. Related: A volcano has cracked the center of GuatemalaThe volcano, whose name means "rock volcano," was erupting from an active magma chamber. During past eruptions in Guatemala, the accident started a two-year-long volcanic crisis that produced ash cloud and pollution. CNN's Darin Gilod, Holly Cogdell-Mackenzie and Kate Johnston contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Kenya's bar association is calling for the prosecution of men who publicly strip women because of the way they dress.|||A Kenyan judge is calling on the Kenyan Judiciary to prosecute accused men who assault women for wearing clothes deemed to be unbecoming. The Kenyan Bar Association announced that it would revoke John Mwai's law to make it a crime to intentionally and unnecessarily strip women of their clothing while patroling their homes, according to CNN affiliate CNN. He is the highest court-appointed hearing officer in Kenya, which considers itself a democratic republic. The language used to describe the offending behavior -- "mentally ill," "rapidly degrading," "indecent/involuntary/improperly dressed" and "tasteless / crude/unlawful" -- is also used to describe physical violence by police officers, according to CNN affiliate SBS in South Africa. It's "rather typical to ask a man in the street where he parked so he can swipe at a woman," according to a statement posted by Mwai's office to his Facebook page. "This happens frequently. Unfortunately this behavior sometimes goes on across the world." In South Africa, just two men -- Malawi's Amir Sefa'i Kubei and Brice Krubaker -- were sentenced to eight months in jail in May for patting women down in their homes and demanding they be undressed and exposed, while the women were still clothed, CNN's Sophia Ngwe told the SBS affiliate. "For many women these practices often lead to sexual harassment and violence, and there has been a rise in incidents that suggest that men have a preference for grooming women before the court dates and other common features that keep young people away from women," according to the statement. It's unclear whether other female health care workers were victims of such behavior in South Africa. Nearly 200 women have lost their jobs after men they encountered along the street started berating them for their appearance or in public places, according to charity Net-a-Porter. What appears to be a more severe charge -- stripping a woman in her home of her clothing and publicly shaming her for it -- involves a woman being forced to wear something of a man's choosing, the statement said. That standard applies whether the woman is wearing underwear or a bra under clothing, or just anything else. "Men who choose to repeatedly and unnecessarily strip women of their clothing because of what they look like do so with a great deal of disrespect and cause financial and social harm to women they don't know, including their families and even those with whom they are in a relationship with," said one group of self-respect. Another group of women told the SBS-based website about Mwai's actions, referring to Mwai as an "edgy" man. "We challenge his statement that he uses a particularly vulgar term and insult and goes on the carpet to break my character by making a personal and nasty comment in the street before he or her employer is aware of the fact that the charges were taken because he is angry and insecure and irate with the way I am dressing and wants to take matters into his own hands and make me feel uncomfortable." "It is not enough to simply ask him to strip and remove his clothes and then ignore my strong protests and wish to take matters into his own hands," one group of women told the SBS website. "He has no right to this conduct even though many of the women and men he is targeting have been victimized by him on different levels in their personal and professional lives." Although the SBS leaders do not have clear details of how Mwai dresses to get his way in Nairobi, according to CNN, many women have come forward to seek help after seeing pictures or videos of his actions. "The outrage at the inappropriate behavior by men who simply walk down the street as if they expect to find their women beautified and not challenged to hand them over to men who are far more social in their lives than the man they are meeting," senior minister of public safety Kipchumba Kabwe told CNN in an interview published Monday. "It has led to the sexual harassment, physical abuse and physical violence by men that is so prevalent it is absolutely causing untold suffering to women of all ages and ethnic backgrounds in public places across the country." What has faced other officials in the case is "The lack of training and experience necessary to place men on the street to make accurate judgments about the safety and dignity of women is just as concerning as the lack of training or the lack of experience that people have at being a young woman of colour," SBS said in its news release. According to CNN affiliate, information from police obtained through court documents also indicate that Mwai sometimes goes to a store or store with men to shop for clothes and dress-up or with underwear and other accessories that display his interest in pleasing women and girls he has met. "It's no surprise that a few men -- who probably have been with these women for some years but have not been in school in the past -- are still determined to get at their girlfriends and/or men -- to have them with these intimate
(CNN) -- To Sam McNair, a 17-year-old high school senior in Duluth, Georgia, it was an innocent hug.|||The investigation was sparked by a jury verdict last year that, according to the district attorney, had too many defendants in the case and that the charges on appeal could not have been developed enough for a grand jury. District Attorney Leonard Miller has argued that district attorney should appoint the special prosecutor to investigate all cases involving rape, domestic violence and sexual abuse.
(CNN) -- A woman climbed a barbed wire fence at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Nova Scotia, Canada, on Sunday with the intention to stop the plane she thought was carrying her husband, said a Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman.|||Authorities in Montreal, London, Amsterdam, Amsterdam and Trenton, New Brunswick arrested the woman. Federal authorities in Canada said he faces charges of robbery, kidnapping, theft, conspiracy to commit robbery, identity fraud and four counts of uttering threats and criminal mischief. "Do you want us to come check to see if the (woman) has been detained?" Montgomery said after her arrest. He said the province is on high alert following what has been referred to as a "robbery inside the national airport." "If at any time we see any suspicious activity, we immediately notify the local sheriff," he said. Officers can try to de-escalate any situation and find the woman responsible. The man was "just a bit worried about the flight," said Stanley Espenrath, a spokesman for Halifax Stanfield Airport. Esperath said the airport is a busy hub for Toronto and Ottawa. He said passengers are frequently frightened when coming or going from the airport because of his department's emphasis on security. Police say they have three extra officers on the ground. They will travel by helicopter to get to Esperath's home near St. Dennis, Ontario, and will return to the airport if necessary, he said. Ervin Wilson, a police spokesman, said officers from the airport's police agency have searched the "main gates, ground patrol and the airport facility itself." Esperath said the woman entered the main airport building about 1.45 p.m. ET on Saturday. It was not known if she was carrying any baggage. CNN's Michael Kenny contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A fatal train derailment south of Paris was caused by a part disconnecting from the switching mechanism on the tracks, the head of the French national railway company said Saturday.|||France Republic launched emergency measures Saturday after the train arrived unguarded Sunday night, including checking the crew and train's computer security systems. French Transport Minister Thierry Bachelot told journalists on a conference call that "if circumstances changed, we can intervene." French railway engineers ordered a full investigation on Monday, he said. "Everything we have done is looking at that," he said. Bachelot said the train had stopped at about 13:12 p.m. and that "the first compartment opened, which was a rear compartment that also had a hatch." But he said the train continued moving until the train was under control -- and not in the right position for the anticipated short walk back on the tracks -- under the same rules of engineering that apply to trains headed for Paris and other cities. People outside the train were unable to help, which was causing further misery to train drivers, Bachelot said. Six people died on the train, and at least 10 were hospitalized. There was no information about additional casualties. The National Autonomous University of Les Invalides said Saturday it will send out a team to help train drivers and train security systems. Bachelot said the accident happened at about 11:30 a.m., and police were examining how the train hit the hole in its door and how the key information was relayed to the next moving train. "We continue to repair the part that has broken down in the driver compartment," he said. "It is typical for trains to make continuous stops, and that had gone out of order some time after. It was safe for the people on board to continue," he said. The timetable for the following days and weeks -- when there will be full active phases of conducting passenger and freight trains -- will be changed, Bachelot said. "This will be the first passenger train which will make this kind of stops," he said. CNN's Thierry Mickraiss contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Members of North Korea's women's Olympic soccer team walked off the field Wednesday when the flag of South Korea was mistakenly flashed on the big screen before their match against Colombia.|||The move comes after days of controversy surrounding North Korea's participation in the 2014 World Cup in Germany and reports of the country's surprising loss to Pakistan in the opening game of the tournament, dubbed "The Soccer Kingdom," in which North Korea triumphed. There was no evidence that the team was threatened or that its players were attacked. Instead, the nine players involved in the team -- including a team from the ruling Workers' Party of Korea -- were "celebrated as heroes," according to North Korea's state-run KCNA news agency. North Korea's leaders said the team's leaders only wished the problem was resolved and a team official would be "trusted with the team's security." However, the team was not authorized to use the stadium. The leader said, in a written statement, "North Korea now believes that we are both killed and kidnapped. Today's incident was influenced by a known terrorist group playing out in the South." The South Korean government threatened violence if the team remains in the stadium. On Tuesday night, there were wild celebrations and pictures of the team in their victory at the Winter Games.
FUMICINO, Italy (CNN) -- Under a canopy of elegant Italian pines, the foundations of a mini Roman Coliseum are at once unmistakable and exhilarating.|||What lies beneath the fake city of Fermo's Sant'Agata fumigatello is a dazzling, Greek-influenced sculpture of the 2015 World Cup. Thousands of sculpted proscenium blocks are layered over plain granite, and many of them are actually fake. "They are just materials that were over taken to create the Statue of St. Agatha," says Francesca Stein, artistic director of the micro-museum. "The influence of ancient constructions is still apparent." Stein said the museum's new exhibit, starting September 23, would likely be far bigger and more ambitious than anything her studio could have produced or introduced. "I wanted to bring something from across the ages," she said. "But I didn't want to just put things here and call it my own, you know?" With a global sense of scale at its heart, many famous faces were on hand to make a statement and showcase what the museum offers. But the most impressive piece from the collection, which is on display through the holiday season, was its eerie centerpiece, which is a statue of former Mayor Francisco de Gessi's Late Roman Colonia, seated precariously on a rolling mound. The statue was just one of thousands of objects we got to see during our three-day visit to the museum. In addition to this exciting new addition to Fermo's historic landscape, the museum is home to several original 19th-century pieces. "It's a unique piece of Rome," says Stern, a retired jewelry and crystal maker. "I think it was the church in different parts of the city. Most likely, they were used as a place of worship and religion." Four websites in a row on the Museum's Web site said the two are worthwhile to visit; one is the museum's PROJECT website; and the other is the Fumigatello Museum on its own website.
London (CNN) -- With her lashings of butter and flirtations with the camera, celebrity chef Nigella Lawson has charmed her many fans by turning everyday cooking into a more sensual experience.|||Now she's about to adapt her culinary showcase to something more intimate. As she prepares a sweet potato casserole that looks much like a dream for a romantic gushing over a wedding day, British television star and Top of the Pops star Nigella Lawson chose her pots for a "seasonal" outdoor event on a street called Ladybug Alley. You know, where she's dancing in long leggings and t-shirts with a trouser she's barely registered on a dancer's scale. It's not the way I did it as a dancer. I was a big time dancer once, first for OKCupid," the sayably Southern-looking Lawson told CNN. "As a chef I'd never dreamt that I'd never be able to cook a curry!" She's over the moon with the result: a dish that just looks really delicious. It's not terribly spicy. And she's so delighted with the results she creates that she makes butter and butter cream from her do. "Anybody who's ever had butter on anything has a certain preference for me," the 39-year-old told CNN earlier this month. Butger is not synonymous with this "fancy" version. While she doesn't put butter on anything other than cod liver oil and slaw, she does see it differently when using butter and cream in the dishes she's preparing. Strong butter will obviously promote a high-quality food -- something that her Uncle Gus, an actor and singer, agrees with. 'She's saving all those vegetables for special occasions because of its health benefit,' he said in a recent TV appearance. The show will air in Britain from the end of August and is hosted by Laura Richardson, a regular of a travel series that revolves around Australia. The Channel 4 show sees Lawson serving up her New South Wales cuisine to tourists -- a local food she doesn't mind cooking for herself. She adds mushrooms, but her taste is more for eating raw as opposed to fried.
Beijing (CNN) -- Liu Ming Xing is a student at Jin Wei Elementary School, where her favorite class is music.|||With each day, a large band plays "Yan Bing" by Sin Xing, singer Han Tianmen. On September 25, they joined students from another elementary school. They had a full-fledged rock concert. Liu Ming Xing loves to sing, which is why she was so excited to hear them perform. "When I was little, I didn't know how to sing. I just wanted to make my voice sound very big," said Liu, who was born in 1987. When she was in fifth grade, she grew interested in singing and even bought books -- inspired by them. She even made up her own lyrics. Then she sang her favorite love song -- "dong bai" (quick story) -- "so light and happy." Her classmates like her were proud. Lin Min, who was six at the time, sang with the others for a video released on January 26, 2012. "I am very excited and happy. I also want to stay positive and protect this day," Lin Min said. But he wasn't expecting Liu to continue singing all day. "We don't learn in school and he can't change," she said. "He still needs to spend time for school." Fellow students were helping with Liu's show -- Jin Jin li jin -- and followed her show with a song of their own.
HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- A man named Ernesto pressed an old-fashioned radio to his ear, listening to a baseball game roughly 5,000 miles away.|||According to Perez Morales, "it has a specific interpretation to the Spanish-language television, and it is where you, ourselves, must study." Ever since he was a kid, his desire for baseball has guided him to turn to the NFL, and the Cuban broadcast of Major League Soccer's World Cup in football matches. Perez Morales' childhood friend Javier Blanco was on the channel when the ACLU found out that the Radio Television Authority in Cuba issued an order in 1985 prohibiting advertisers from broadcasting games because of a clause in the U.S. Trafficking Victims Protection Act. For 18 years, the Cuban government has tried to close the loophole on broadcasts. The Foreign Ministry also won a court battle in February when a man with a Cuban name named Ernesto Guerrero, said he was studying in the Miami School of Medicine in late August. Despite the legal ban, Ernesto said he is going to survive with respect to his Cuban ex-wife and his child, due to the Cuban government's efforts to negotiate with Mexican officials. But at this point, he has little hope. "They (law enforcement) have no plans to come and arrest me, he said. "People have felt they were being punished for being gay. They blame me. It is here that an attempt is being made to force me to be the person I would never be." He lost faith in the army. He said even the Cuban presidential candidate won't accept him. He has said he was stunned by the Cuban government's decision, saying they "want the best for themselves and their children and their children's children." His wife, Catalina Viera, said that nobody refused the government's new policy, and President Rafael M. León planned to hand Ernesto over to the military soon. Ernesto says he is told he can't leave the country in any case. "They are not leaving me. They are going to take all of my possessions away." CNN's Ryan Levine and Roland Fortunato contributed to this report.
Producer's note: Everyone's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment.|||©by Fiona Highmer. Pizza's beginning a slow build because there's nothing like discovering that your pizza, after having been picked up at 7 a.m., is a little bit raw. Another reporter headed to a momentous bus stop in Tokyo's Koreatown. He thought of teaching Japanese kids to use a dishwasher to start a quicker warm-up, and despite some buzz on the bus, he had to stay put. Enter pizza place KFC. It's opening Friday, and despite the name, we barely get our pizzas started. The restaurant is located in a cultural icon, a downtown restaurant that bills itself as "The Biggest Bites In The World," but let's be honest; they're serving everything from candy-bar mixed chocolate truffles with brown butter to aioli. There's still a huge need to build up some munchies. Fiona can't stay away from cookies, though. Two shots of Bloody Marys slip through the cracks when she leaves. And then there's this little spat: It's very possible that slice after slice has transformed on the spot. So we've had no time to try the whole thing, but have ended up using different combinations of "Pizza" and "Pizza" to build up some excitement. To try it out, our reporter didn't take the traditional slice. Instead, she tried peeling a tomato and adding it to a bowl. "The texture of that was very much the pig smell," she said. "The only one I threw away was the original slice that had the sweet potatoes on it. "There were some other starchy things in there that have never gone away. I would have said they're really good fries, too." The second recipe did not go over so well: A slice with apple butter scalded her eyes. While we're eating said apple, we're on a calorie-free weight loss plan, and we all know that every apple is a good apple, so we might as well try it out on a diet! Also, she tried making a cheese cookie but it was too sweet. The fourth time is a charm, Fiona said. The frosting on the top of the pizza arrived one day and was, well, horrible. We sweated while it baked, and it hit the high heat and we're still pretty gross from it. That sort of thing happens. In fact, any pizza you think won't. You'll get it and a few minutes later a worker will announce "I found the perfect shape!" Oops! Absolutely not. On a whole other note: We asked who was behind the whole mess. Luckily, Chris Knight was the guy behind the camera. How incredibly delicious is this job? Plus, we'll show you a tiny slice of yogurt. Plus, a cucumber upside down and another slice of what looks like fries the size of a quarter. Check out the full recipe ».Producer: Stephen Orr.
Ralph Baer, the inventor of the first home video game console, has died. He was 92.|||Ralph Baer launched the first video game console in 1897, and at the time, called it the "Hobbit." For years it was the mobile phone. The network is the speaker of video games. Early owners of today's pocketbook and even the iphone started buying games. As early as 1966, Baer also got involved in the creation of the first game console, the first-ever console built out of electrical components, video games, and the first video game. Baer got involved with the nascent International Federation of Gamers, which would later become Electronic Arts. That organization founded Project: Enduring Vision in 1961 and dedicated its headquarters to creating a worldwide consciousness for computer games, news agency the San Francisco Chronicle said. "Each year, people remember the fateful decision to uproot themselves and spend an hour meeting with their first great computer game," Baer told Newsweek magazine in 1966.
Kung fu movie star Jackie Chan says he "takes responsibility" for the drug charges laid against his son, 32-year-old Jaycee Chan, in Beijing.|||Jackie Chan. The half-Chinese, half-Australian star is the son of Hong Kong-born actor Jackie Chan, who has an important role in the Chinese epic war drama "The Legend of the Three Kingdoms." Jaycee Chan was found unconscious in a park in Beijing's Wuhan district on December 5. He was handcuffed and taken to hospital in a New Year's Day trip. Jackie Chan, the co-creator and co-star of the celebrated movie "Colonel, Please Explain My Job, Explain Why I'm Home Alone," was arrested in similar circumstances in January, being charged with nine counts of drug possession and nine counts of obstructing justice. His arrests came a day after China's National People's Congress ordered the release of all Chinese people under the age of 19 and temporarily stopped "illegal tours" of China, citing "an extensive shortage of mental health workers." Authorities have said the charges were politically motivated, but did not specify which ones. If he had requested them, Chinese officials say Jaycee was allowed to leave the city. Family matter. Jackie Chan has repeatedly denied any involvement in the child's arrest. Following Jaycee's detention, police in Jinping asked people to contact his family. Xi Zhang, the brother of Jackie Chan's wife, was also arrested. They were brought to the Beijing municipality's Youth Hospital, with police in plain clothes, and placed under house arrest by university police officers.
(CNN)Can anything stop Pep Guardiola's irresistible Bavarian machine?|||Back from the German cup final in Munich City stay unbeaten into the World Cup finals against Bayern Munich and could sign Jose Mourinho as the official coach next Sunday. Bierhoff and Farfan are worlds apart from any back-to-back successes. Cardiff United - 2-0 Rennes. Arsenal - 1-0 Fulham. Tottenham - 2-2 Sunderland. Liverpool - 3-0 Southampton. Schalke - 2-0 RSC Anderlecht.
(CNN) -- Colombians cast ballots in a hotly contested presidential vote on Sunday, but none of the five candidates running received enough support to win the election.|||But his controversial campaign had little chance of success, leaving him trailing Colombians 17 years for the last time. Simón Bolívar, the president-elect, said last week that this year he would run in the first-ever "free and fair" election with a fair composition. Bolivia has been grappling with persistent armed rebellion that has sown chaos and bloodshed. Four weeks ago, pollsters said 55 percent of the electorate was either undecided or refused to vote. Saturday's results come as one of the world's best showing presidential elections since Uruguay's 1999 election. Nearly 54 percent of voters backed former candidate Luis Guillermo Solis for his victory. A total of 86% of the electorate is made up of the ethnic Serbian migrant population, who support both the incumbent and the main opposition candidates, according to the official results from the electoral commission. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has predicted a historic win by Solis, who has ruled the country since 1996. However, the former army general, who is virtually unknown outside Colombia, failed to garner enough support from potential voters to secure the presidency. On Sunday, the president-elect won 105 of 1,865 of the votes on Sunday to take the race to a second and final round in April. Juxtaposed with the results of Venezuela's disputed vote in which only four candidates came out on top, Colombia's Bernardo Ortega has won 111 of the votes cast to date. The other four candidates had more votes. Among them are Luis Guerra, a five-term president who served as secretary of state between 1998 and 2003, and Andres Pastrana, a former member of parliament who remains Colombia's longest-serving president.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israel early Sunday released the names of the first group of Palestinian prisoners to be freed in exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, setting in motion a process that will allow the public to file objections to specific releases.|||Gilad Shalit, the youngest Israeli soldier captured in the war with the militant group Hamas, was among 11 Palestinian prisoners released in exchange for Shalit, who along with his two wife, was on a detention camp in southern Israel in exchange for Shalit. The prisoner exchange involves the release of 27 Palestinian prisoners and their release to Israel, the Green Line said, and the release of the list will be reviewed by a judge before it is finalized. So far, the list includes 29 prisoners. Palestinian Rep. Ahmed Abu-Qadivah al-Batir, who previously served as ambassador to the United States, said last month the prisoners' numbers were vastly underreported. "Israel knows the total number of prisoners in this cell is too many, so we will be demanding that that number be severely reduced," Abu-Qadivah told CNN. Two of the prisoners released Friday, Abu Ghraib and Abu Nabi Salim, are not included in the "summary" list. "We've given them all reasons why they should be released," Al-Baseer said. "We heard from them, that they made terrorist attacks. We have already heard from them, that they were trying to kill the leaders of the Palestinian people." Palestinian Prisoners Compared to The American Government, Israel is not carrying out additional prisoner releases until the United States does, according to a confidential agreement with Israel that it signed last week. The other eight prisoners released Friday are not official "inmates," it says. The United States, which is offering millions of dollars in international and military aid to Israel for Shalit, has given little official word on its demand. Obama's team meeting was completed at least some time before. "Your representative made a concrete proposal and we have no plans to do that," senior administration spokesman Marc Lotter said. "We are going to look to the U.N. Security Council and to the British and the United States to handle this matter and we hope that they will be honest with us." Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu referred to Abu Qadivah as "a friend." Palestinian Foreign Ministry spokesman Kamal Haniyeh called the release of the detainees a "historic moment" and said in a statement, "The release of these prisoners is the result of the best ideas the two sides have had." He said the Palestinian Prisoners' Association asked for a meeting with the three groupings of prisoners, asking them to develop working relationships. Three of the prisoners, Abu Rami and Abu Nabi Salim, have been held since they were arrested in May 2006, he said in a statement at the time. "For that reason, the security committee's recommendations for the prisoners' release are very clear," he said. "They have not been classified or compromised." But the summary list of names is a guide to this week's prisoner release."We wish these prisoners to be released with equal freedom, in accordance with the terms of the agreements, and we are going to continue these discussions," Haniyeh said. "The detainees are important and in fact they are priceless to the national movement and the Palestinian people, and we wish to work toward an effective solution, which in our perspective means prisoner release and a thorough political solution." The list of Israeli prisoners released in this deal is expected to eventually cover a number of senior military and civilian positions in both Israel and the Palestinian territories, according to a senior Israeli official. Asked Sunday whether he supports the overall release of the prisoners, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said: "I always welcome that because I don't oppose releasing even temporarily. You have to make sure there are negotiations and that they are peaceful. One person who has agreed to agree to the release of a number of Palestinian prisoners has to make this decision whether he will or will not release a number of military and civilian prisoners, in accordance with the agreement." Al-Batir called the release of Palestinian prisoners an opportunity for humanitarian gains for "humanitarian causes in the U.S., Israel and all around the world, in order to get a political solution in Israel."
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Thousands of demonstrators, mostly students, lined the streets Friday outside Sanaa University as anti-government protests continued.|||T he said. Anti-government protesters have been holding large protest gatherings in Sanaa's Tahrir Square, at the three-story Hilton hotel in downtown Sanaa, and in a number of other locations, he said. Tuesday's demonstrations turned violent after police used tear gas to disperse hundreds of demonstrators, he said. Protesters burned shops. "This is an attack," said University of the Arab Emirates President Taha Thabeel al-Shehab, who appeared at a U.S. embassy in Sanaa to meet with advisers. "We hope that you find a way forward and this will not be the last incident." Thursday's protest followed a re-ruling by the government that ended three years of nationwide protests. In January, 30 people died when a bomb exploded outside a University of the Arab World graduation ceremony, killed more than 120 people. Later, 11 people died when security forces fired on students in the Senate Building in the capital, Sanaa. Earlier this week, an estimated 2,500 people were arrested after demonstrations involving around 5,000 students in Sanaa during a lunchtime event, according to information obtained from the United Nations. Tens of thousands of protesters on Wednesday also tried to march on the Office of the President of the Higher Contract Authority. The demonstrations came two days after the Higher Contract Authority said it would not honor organizers of Thursday's scheduled graduation ceremony, the Sanaa News Agency reported.
(CNN)The bureau chief for Reuters in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Maria Golovnina, died Monday after falling unconscious, her employer said.|||Speaking to CNN, Golovnina died of an apparent self-inflicted injury, Iraqi opposition activists said. Golovnina had been visiting Taliban headquarters in Kabul on a four-day mission beginning Friday to follow up on video footage from a suicide attack at the last Islamic holy site in January. She was stopped from talking to fighter jets that had been pursuing her, but alerted them to her presence. "She was kind, hospitable, caring, helpful and incredibly dedicated to those she protected," Reuters said in a statement. During her time in Afghanistan, she traveled from Ashgabat to Kandahar. "She was known as a fighter and public relations voice that betrayed the conventional military that she would eventually serve and had the courage to finally accept her invitation to travel to Iraq for a period of training with a local jihadis," said Firdaus Qamar, head of communications and sponsorship office in Ghani, a district near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. "She provided many years of service to journalists in Afghanistan, but she was hit hard by a copy of today's edition of the Quran, the preface to today's edition, and resigned soon after." He said her absence had been a "catastrophe" for the news agency. "This is terrible." CNN's Rob Schmitz contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Iceland will close two airports on Friday for the first time, a week after ash from an Icelandic volcano forced the shutdown of airspace over much of Europe and stranded thousands of passengers around the world, the Icelandic aviation authority announced Thursday.|||The closure, which will affect all domestic flights in Iceland, will take effect at 8:45 a.m. ET, the Icelandic Airport Authority said. Closed since June 14, the airport is the only one in the country that services both Reykjavik and the state of Algarve and includes a larger hub for other airlines. The closure means that flights into Iceland will be stopped at the next available airport. Fearing a major crash, Iceland's Transport Ministry sent an emergency advisory about a plane that skidded off a cliff Thursday after going over steep terrain. Eyewitnesses saw three planes crash and crash into other planes in the airspace that was closed Thursday. Eyewitnesses reported extremely low visibility, with aircraft exceeding 17 feet, and passengers and air traffic controllers evacuated to bases in Iceland. More than 2,500 flights are at risk of being canceled, according to a statement from the Icelandic airline AABL. The airline, a unit of Iceland's state-owned Odia Company, said the reopening of airport facilities would be accompanied by some additional travel restrictions. After a record-breaking 24 hours, weather permitting, the airport will reopen at 5 p.m. ET. Some airports had already been closed Wednesday as a precaution, Odia told CNN affiliate RT. A departure for Vienna was also delayed because of the weather. Residents of two airports in the English-speaking nations of the former Soviet Union also observed the closure on Thursday. They said they had called to say that none of their flights had gone into the airport, but from there traffic continued to have difficulty, Odia said. It reported all roads into and out of the airport will be shut starting Friday, an airline spokesman said. There has been no impact to flights. In response to the threat of a huge, if early-morning plane crash, Air France canceled a flight from Berlin to Stockholm, saying that the decision had been taken before the impact of the explosion in the air. A Korean Air flight from Frankfurt Airport to the Estonian capital, Tallinn, was also canceled. A Eurostar flight from to Frankfurt canceled because of the potential risk of a large plane crash, Eurostar said. "All flight operations at various airports will be suspended for now," the statement said.
(CNN) -- Smarting from their first back-to-back defeats in nearly three years, Barcelona are on the defensive for a change as they approach Tuesday's Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea.|||In El Jazzy!, invented by Spanish president Josep Maria Bartomeu and popular author. Bale opened the scoring in Barcelona's 3-1 victory over Atletico Madrid and in a 1-0 defeat at Valencia three days ago, Spurs were holding fourth-place Fulham to a 1-1 draw before a goal from Nigerian club record signing Nwankwo Kanu allowed them to break into Stamford Bridge. Chelsea had just moved above Barcelona into fourth when Luiz Felipe Scolari found the target on the turn after an Alberto Moreno assist and Nemanja Soldado headed home an indirect free-kick from his Brazilian striker side's Brazilian defender Robert. It was a let-off for Tottenham, whose campaign began with the win over Tottenham Hotspur on September 18 -- but the officials weren't the only ones unhappy about the result. David Westwood received a straight red card from referee Martin Atkinson after his touch fell behind Oscar Valdes during a contest in Chile last Thursday and set up Chelsea's equalizer for Didier Drogba. The Colombian striker then fired in his second goal of the night with his shin after a clever pass by captain Costa. The Brazilian subsequently was booked for diving after the ball slid into him late in the contest, but the match referee, Jose Miguel Ponce, was much more satisfied with the result for the visitors, who saw a curler cross the bar and cross the line. He also said referees had sent Chelsea off four minutes before the goal. "Drogba went off with his shin a little beyond where the help was coming from in the build-up to the winner -- a good system for a double of 16," the referee said after registering the dismissal. Barcelona could now take a 3-0 lead to Los Angeles after victory over Valencia. But Manolas could also break the deadlock at Stamford Bridge if he was added on to Defoe's pass by halftime.
(CNN) -- YouTube is a source of entertainment and news for billions around the world, but Pakistanis have lost access to the video site for almost a year after clips of the controversial film "Innocence of Muslims" prompted a government ban.|||The Facebook shutdown -- now in its seventh week -- relates to the ruling's decision to prohibit users from sharing hundreds of verified YouTube videos in the wake of the Sunni Muslim group Jamaatud-Din's vile, propaganda attack on Pashtuns in August. Facebook has said it has suspended Pakistan's accounts of YouTube content and paid for the registration of more than nine thousand images, videos and blogs on the site. At least 3 million Pakistanis have sent a message to Facebook requesting the Pakistan government to reopen access to the site, Foreign Minister Riaz Shah told the website. The Pakistan government has made no public acknowledgement of the ban, according to a statement from a ministry spokesman. But those who check Facebook to see if the site is open have already noticed that it is not, the government said in the statement. Government officials, employees of foreign companies offering Pakistan services have not been informed of the suspension. Technology, however, has prevented users from leaving the site, the ministry statement said. "It is our responsibility to monitor the operation of YouTube and avoid issues by sending accurate information to those it affected and to delete any unsolicited material," the statement said. The post found its way on to the official Google+ page. The user's comment apparently mentions that a closed service, without an explanation, could not be found.
(CNN) -- Michigan and federal authorities will coordinate their criminal investigations into a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that killed 22 people in that state and 64 people total nationwide, the Michigan attorney general and the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts said Monday in Detroit.|||Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette and Suffolk County, Massachusetts, U.S. Attorney Eric Holder met at their offices in Detroit, Michigan, Monday to discuss the meningitis outbreak there. Schuette spoke at length for 30 minutes about the outbreak. Of the 14 medical experts testifying at the meeting on Monday, only two are hired by the health department, Attorney General Eric Holder said. Schuette said the CDC hasn't disclosed who the person infected with fungal meningitis was. But he said the state is working with federal health authorities. There was no immediate word from the U.S. Attorney's office in Boston. The fungal meningitis likely caused by S. fungal meningitis is fatal and sometimes deadly, federal health officials have said.
Washington (CNN) -- A Marine shot and killed two of his fellow service members at a Virginia base Thursday night and then apparently killed himself, base officials said.|||Washington's Joint Base Andrews was the site of a previously active active-duty combat situation, said Army Maj. Gen. Kenneth R. McDonald. A 3rd Battalion, 3rd Marines Regiment, Marine Corps Reconnaissance Battalion (MCRF-2) remained in the area to investigate. "They are investigating this incident as a criminal incident," McDonald said. "I have no information whatsoever on the number of casualties or the type." The Marine Corps said it was still waiting for more details. The J-1 Blazer V-10 attack took place near Mitchell Field during the night on August 20, according to the Marine Corps Times. Six other Marines were injured but not seriously. The other five were in stable condition, the base said. The "battlefield is being operated by special forces," it said. Marines in the camp are "on a bed of liquids," the base said. Soldiers are not allowed to move around the battlefield, it added.
Dorchester, Massachusetts (CNN) -- President Barack Obama insisted Tuesday that education spending needs to be spared from the growing drive for fiscal austerity, telling an audience of students and teachers in Massachusetts that cutbacks would ultimately prove self-defeating.|||D "The words from teachers and parents this morning are one way to persuade teachers and parents not to give in to the demands of Republicans and who want to take public dollars away from public schools." The president also said that while he has some differences with the Republican leadership on issues like a balanced budget and education spending, the presidents of the two major political parties agreed that a balanced approach is what education needs now. The goals were shared between educators in Boston and across the country. "My message to both sets of teachers and parents, you're all a part of the education system in our country -- and so is my view with Australia, with New York," Obama said. "We have the same agenda when it comes to education. So I think if you think about it, both parties agree on this point. The bottom line is that public schools are a public university, and students are a public life." For two hours, Obama talked about the "the challenges and opportunities" facing public schools, including learning and care of special needs students. Obama attended a rally in Portland, Oregon, with state Democratic legislators before addressing House Republicans and other members of Congress.
(CNN) -- If you frequent the pistes of the French Alps, you may see more than just skiers and snowmen scattered around the trails below. For the last 10 years, British artist Simon Beck has been decorating snow-covered lakes and mountainsides with massive geometric designs, often based on fractal patterns, using his footsteps as his implement.|||"Theater of Modern Art, a series of artists who have created large geometric pieces, sculpture, sculptures, ceramics, statues etc., featuring the space between two lifts of ice that produce a landmark," the artist's website reads. Each of Beck's creations is made from a single piece of glass, usually together: 8-by-12-foot chunks of glass, a chalice which has a height of 6ft above the ground, translucent glass tubing, a transparent piece of one-meter-long solid glass, and in its bases, a stand of broken glass. Beck created the collection, which is on display in London at CBRE. Don't go skiing in 2010, you will never see such pieces again. In fact, they're usually still there in the winter months, much as they would be to this time of year a decade ago. The sculptures, together with boulders and ice sculptures, leave both park visitors and hikers who visit the Alps unable to avoid them. Beck is also the subject of an exhibition in Milan, Italy, from Oct. 13-24. "Above the slopes, his footprints are visible," says Bernd Schoenfeld, the gallery's executive director. "This is an unique challenge for an artist." The exhibition comes as Beck returns to Belgium to work on a new work for the gallery, which will open in September. "I think we've done three of the largest installations ever that involve more than any shape in the world," says Schoenfeld. "There are plenty of cities, playgrounds, what-not, but it's the endless space that he creates." "The sculptures generate a beautiful environment in which people can have an emotional connection with him." The structure is made up of three man-made tubes, 12-by-24-foot solid glass items and four ton steel cubical rocks. Beck's sculptures are mainly made in stone and can be seen on the snow-covered grounds of resorts and beaches throughout Europe and the United States. From the U.S. to the Siberian landmass, many work wonders are available. Canadian sculptor Chuck Long's drawings add a unique dynamic to the fun.
BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN) -- Preliminary DNA tests indicate a 3-year-old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels, Colombian officials announced Friday.|||The Colombian drug-trafficking group led by Arte Guerillas Commandos is accused of attacking a Colombian woman who was holding a baby as her hostage, the prosecutors' office said. The child's father, a 45-year-old Colombian lieutenant colonel, and U.S. troops engaged in a firefight during the search for the woman last month, said Antonio Soares Pardo, head of a Colombian special forces task force. It's not known where the woman is, he said. Chavez has not returned from his frequent military trappings to combat the group's increasingly militarized presence. The conflict has taken Colombian lives. The rebel group launched an extraordinary coup against the government in 1991 after accusing it of selling drugs. Officials charged Che Guevara with being part of the plot against them, saying he was an official tasked with turning the government around, but the man would not remain silent because he had vowed his loyalty. Che guerrillas now control both Colombia and Mexico, according to the International Committee of the Red Cross. The list of the more than 2,600 hostages holds are spread across the globe. Colombia's government says it has one of the largest supply chains in the world of cocaine, dating back to the late 19th century and the southern hemisphere's 18th century. Colombia's impoverished population and suffering from chronic under-investment and health problems is, in part, because of the magnitude of the drug trade in the country. Colombian officials estimate that more than a quarter of cocaine in the Colombian nation comes from South America. The Colombia government says the Rococono aflorido is a highly profitable crop, the cocaine used in cooking, soft drinks, exports and building construction. But Colombia's movement at the forefront of drug smuggling aims to end that free and equitable distribution. At least 12 Colombia-based tribesmen escaped from rebel control near Bogota. Officials in the Colombian government, the country's top drug and arms control body, have expressed the hope the rebel group's members have not been handing over assets. Colombian rebel gunmen have killed Colombian government officials and kidnapped large numbers of police, according to the government and pro-government opposition political parties, in the nation that has been beset by more than two decades of war. Two of the guerrillas have been sentenced to life in prison. While "authoritarian, if not armed, criminal" groups control southern Colombia, which borders Mexico. A "revolutionary," or full-fledged, government force would be a step toward ending the bloody conflict, police say. Recent years have seen an enormous explosion in drug violence in Colombia and in Latin America. As the insurgency has cracked down on police, the government has found and used thousands of weapons. It has also arrested hundreds of government officials. The fate of the civilians who have been kidnapped and have been released is not yet known. In 1996, more than 400 of the 3,500 Colombians the country's national police officers worked with were killed by rebels. Some dead were members of the indigenous Tuareg nation of Colombia. The government noted the total death toll was well above the official figure of 300, and it said rebels were responsible for nearly 10,000 of them.
(CNN) -- Last winter, the Chicago Crime Commission and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration named Mexican billionaire Guzman Loera the city's "Public Enemy No. 1." Also known as "Shorty," Guzman heads the world's largest narcotics operation, the infamous Sinaloa cartel, and allegedly pushes 1,500 to 2,000 kilograms of cocaine through Chicago each month.|||Guzman, who holds control of some of the world's largest drug trafficking operations and recently held a State Department hearing in Washington, sits comfortably in his home in El Paso, Texas. CNN's Dano Guzman is the head of the Sinaloa cartel, and no president with less power than Guzman, said El Paso Mayor Juan Manuel Santos. San Antonio, which is mostly controlled by the Juárez Cartel, is home to a slew of Mexican and Central American immigration facilities, police stations, food banks and hundreds of police officers. The Idomani's control over many of these "concentrated crime-fighting" organizations includes the trafficking in trucks and cars from the Pacific Rim and the crossing of the Mexico-United States border between customs and U.S. territory. Last month, the federal government increased its law enforcement spending on countering LaLuz -- the notoriously dangerous drug-laundering organization -- and increasing lethal operations against the Zetas, Jalisco New Generation Drug Lords (ZNGD) that are targeting the cartel. During the course of a government-on-police raid on the Sinaloa cartel's headquarters in Monterrey, the police were able to capture five Yucatán Cartel members. The same day, another man was arrested for kidnapping 11 people from Sinaloa. Police said the deaths of the teens and two adults were related to the cartel. A second person, however, was sentenced to 17 years for child kidnapping and child endangerment, and was later released after a detective acquired DNA from an interrogation, the FBI said. In January, a 10-year-old Chicago boy who had been a ZNGD driver for the cartel allegedly received $10 million for his help in smuggling nearly 10,000 kilograms of cocaine from Mexico. The case would be one of the largest drug seizure ever in a U.S. city -- police said it was a work in progress. In addition, Chicago police have seized, convicted, or sent to federal prison more than 800 people associated with the Sinaloa cartel. Some extradited to Mexico have been held in the United States, where they have been accused of "participating in human trafficking," including the execution of more than 100 people. In one case, a man taken in Chicago had his throat slit by a needle. In another, a 14-year-old reported a criminal racketeering conviction. A man who was given 12 months in prison turned himself in last summer and was accused of ordering 10 "souvenirs" -- about 400,000 heroin pills -- be burned. He was later released and charged with 20 additional crimes.
Washington (CNN) -- An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, the Justice Department announced Thursday.|||Dan Brown, in an appearance in federal court in Washington, said he attended the meeting where he and other members of the group were in the process of preparing a mail bomb. The plan included U.S. President Barack Obama's name as a target. He admitted to the meeting, Brown said. "As soon as the white man put the warrant out and I became aware, I was immediately taken into custody, confessed to everything," Brown told authorities. "I was just saying, 'Well, I don't want to kill Barack Obama.' " After they were stopped, Brown confessed to U.S. agents of bringing in bomb experts, a federal affidavit said. "I just revealed that I have a plan and all I need to do is kill a bunch of African-Americans," he said. Brown told U.S. officials he was acting alone and sought authorization from Bush to kill Obama. "The way I planned to do it was just ... die. That's it," he said, according to the affidavit. The indictment accuses Brown of conspiring to bomb more than one homes in seven different states and train more than 30 people to fight in Afghanistan, then attack the president. Obama, who was leading his party during the 2008 presidential campaign, was at the time.
(CNN) -- As many as four African migrants from Ethiopia and Eritrea trying to cross into Israel from Egypt's Sinai desert were shot dead by smugglers and 10 others were wounded, according to state media.|||During the process, human smugglers from neighboring Eritrea and Ethiopia made use of vehicles to drive a truck full of hundreds of migrants across the desert to reach Israel, the National Emergency Committee for Israel (NECI) said. Witnesses said three of those killed were foreigners. Five were African migrants. The organization had not been able to track the vehicles and their journey back. International estimates of the number of migrants have been running at 2,000 to 5,000 a day, according to the National Emergency Committee. The convoy of a dozen buses traveled along the road from Egypt's Sinai region to a supply point when a vehicle carrying 40 migrants was fired upon, the committee said. The deadly clash occurred shortly after 3 a.m. (6 p.m. ET) in a poorly guarded part of Sinai town known for frequent attacks on suspected smugglers, the report said. Members of the Jewish Underground and the group that guards the Sinai desert are also among the dead, the report said. Police in the western town of Kararah searched the vehicles. There were no obvious signs of armed groups in the town. Almost all the vehicles were loaded with human cargo, including trailer boxes of fish, people and food, and large plastic boxes of food, according to the report. CNN's Max Jamail and Ramses Stewart contributed to this report.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Comedian Conan O'Brien returns to the late-night television circuit Monday with a much-anticipated new show.|||That's how it's been greeted by those close to the man who won last year's "SNL" president, Lawrence O'Brien, a letter that was illustrated on Colbert Report by the late-night host himself. "Please wait. I'm sorry you were so afraid tonight," O'Brien wrote. O'Brien, who won four Emmys, is retiring from the popular show after 22 years, his publicist says. His replacement is "The Late Show" creator Stephen Colbert, according to his own statement to CNN affiliate KCBS. Colbert said O'Brien used to have a personal interest in politics. The next installment of the O'Brien, Colbert, and Colbert monologue will come Monday night on ABC -- at 9 p.m. ET. The show's executive producer is Lisa Lee Sager, whose road to the top of CBS' "Late Show" was documented for nearly 40 years and who was previously an award winner for "The Late Show" and with "The Colbert Report." She apologized to Conan Sunday for the rift that occurred when the two Men in Black were competing to fill two offices of the same show, which ran on ABC from 1990 to 2002.
(CNN)  -- The death toll from severe storms in northern Arkansas has been lowered to one person, emergency officials said early Saturday.|||One person died in that storm, which also killed two in Texarkana, Texas, according to emergency officials. At least 65 people -- mostly from Arkansas -- sought shelter in various cities, including Little Rock, an outside shelter near Conway and an interstate travel center, where many of the most severe damage was reported, said Coroner Lary Mooney. Roy Aycock said an upper-level tornado caused damage in the Little Rock area. Montgomery County, Mississippi, also was hit and is battling severe thunderstorms, along with tornadoes. More than 1,000 people were evacuated from the towns around Little Rock and Conway.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) -- Almost overnight, a patchwork of plastic tents appeared on an empty piece of land less than 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) from the World Cup stadium as a show of force from Sao Paulo's working poor.|||In an overnight display of solidarity, festival fans have hung up lights and hastily cleared out the remnants of some 24 small campsites on what would normally be a prime site for an Urban Forest that's frequently referred to as the "Friday Night" of the World Cup -- giant tents that get packed into the space and are then used as living space. Some of the tents were tossed as part of the original Urban Forest and discarded overnight, though the organizers say their goal was to clean it up in time for the 2009 World Cup. Crowds were lining up overnight at parts of the Cityscape site and then camped out overnight at certain spots where they could provide food for homeless families and campers in the area. At least half of the tents have been already replaced and their use is being tracked by news agencies. Saturday marked the start of preparations for the soccer tournament, which features teams from 30 countries, including a World Cup-winning Argentina playing a semifinal match against Germany.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard -- who ordered jets over the Capitol amid the September 11, 2001, terror attacks -- was among those killed in a transit train crash in Washington this week, authorities said Tuesday.|||The officials identified the other 27 victims Tuesday night as two first responders and two members of the staff of the Capital Regional Transportation Authority, a sub-regional train company. A state Department of Transportation spokeswoman said the other seven were passengers in the six-carriage train on the Southeast Corridor that crashed on Friday morning. Trains that carry federal, state, local, regional and private traffic go underground in this region during rush hour, and officials estimated the train was carrying about 200 to 300 passengers, according to a statement from the U.S. Transportation Security Administration. The National Transportation Safety Board issued a statement Saturday saying that the cause of the crash was under investigation. The Federal Aviation Administration said the pilot was trying to get to his destination on the East Africa Bridge during the train's typical midmorning commute on Friday, but "did not make it. He was struck by debris from the two-carriage car," according to the statement. "He was pulled off at the second going left turn on the bridge and was pronounced dead on the scene. He had intent of going to Fort Belvoir -- to celebrate the anniversary of what was then known as Operation Persian Gulf -- when the National Guard was called in to fly over the Capitol on that day," it said. "He was injured. He was taken to a hospital, where he died. He was later identified as Paul C. Jackson, Jr., a U.S. Army Colonel, and Thomas D. Johnson, a U.S. Air Force lieutenant colonel, both of whom worked in the Washington area for years. "It was just awful," Jackson said of Friday's tragedy, according to CNN affiliate WBT.
(CNN) -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting.|||MoMUNARI, who has spent five years in Rio de Janeiro as coach of the Spanish team, suggested that his decision showed that he was suffering from a brain infection. The 38-year-old Ghanaian was asked to leave the game in Cointrebke near his hometown after the Frenchman complained of his lack of performance in Friday's French league match against OGC Nice. "I felt that I had been hoping for a day to perform," he later said. "I don't think I needed this kind of emotional level. But I need to play for my country first, and in order to do that I need to play. But I have lost my focus and I could have scored" -- Muntari was clearly facing trouble. Muntari played 90 minutes of his final match of the season against winless Malaga last Sunday, suffering two yellow cards while on the pitch. He missed Los Angeles City's first-half loss to Marseille on Sunday after injuring his ankle -- putting a time limit on his contract and triggering a clause to release him. Mourinho blamed the Brazil coach's "slap in the face" on being asked for his response. The 55-year-old said he started the game at halfway, but managed to save a point and kick on the losing side's opening. Times Square held a minute's silence for a dying citizen. The former Lyon, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid head coach spent six years in charge of the Blucerchiati and French side and spent over 2.5 million euros ($2.6 million) as head coach at the end of last season. He was axed last week after a fan protest, but two previous spells as part of Manchester City and Chelsea's failed attempts at World Cup qualification. He remains in charge of Spain, but has revealed that in retirement he has wanted to coach another country. Chelsea coach Diego Simeone told France's RTL radio the club are aware of a two-year contract worth £120 million to bring the 48-year-old to the club. But Muntari's recent experience at Spanish club Deportivo La Coruna has hinted that he could force an exit from the Andalusian team this summer, following the club's relegation from La Liga. Mourinho's other past moves are to manage French league winners Paris Saint-Germain, German third-place teams Bayer Leverkusen and fourth-placed Bayern Munich as well as English Premier League side Chelsea. Chelsea on the brink of signing striker Tim Howard, who has impressed Mourinho. Two-time Champions League winners Manchester United paid a reported £30 million for the England international in the last transfer window, but Beckham has insisted that he will not be persuaded to make the move. Meanwhile, Chelsea defender Petr Cech and Spanish goalkeeper Iker Casillas join Liverpool. Gomez on his return from injury.
(CNN) -- A week after Facebook's bungled IPO comes fresh news to tantalize, or torment, the company's investors. The social-networking behemoth may be making a phone.|||Now comes the next, best chance for a Facebook phone. The social-networking behemoth may be making a phone. A spokesperson with Facebook pointed to a previously reported device said by The Verge that described as a headset-like device. "We believe that there are hundreds of thousands of users who want to be able to use the technology on their phones," the spokesperson wrote in a statement. The new device would run on Android, but the name "Facebook on a mobile device" could conceal something that is harder to grasp: Facebook intends to launch the mobile device on a handheld device such as the recently released iPhone 4s. Mobile may be the next big thing for Facebook, as mobile messaging service Facebook aims to increase the number of people who "build" their Facebook profiles online. Even Zuckerberg says the company is working on "totally new apps." CNN's Matt Smith spoke to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg about the possibility. He welcomed the product, but expressed doubts that it would work in the real world. "Where are people when they need Facebook to speak, say, their messages and ask their opinions, ask their friends?' Zuckerberg asked when Zuckberg joined the tech world. He added, "We work incredibly hard, very hard, and I think you can expect great things from Facebook over the next several years." In a typical Facebook moment, Zuckerberg jokes with the audience: "It's interesting to me -- especially since the last company to open to all ages was Yahoo -- we've been doing that for years, and we always end up being mocked by, kind of, everybody." Zuckerberg, a former Google engineer, is Facebook's co-founder and right-hand man. He began the roll-out of social-networking's biggest product in the 1990s, Instagram, with an emphasis on video. Facebook has had a complicated relationship with the blogging world, something that often feels like a sign of neglect for its most devoted users. But its latest move, a bill to change the rules that govern what a computer can do, is a bit of a game changer. Between the fact that a bunch of ideas are sitting on the development desk and the possibility of a phone launching in the next two to three months, that's just about the only good news in the update. The message "we are making this change," is one that echoes what Zuckerberg posted on his official page in the aftermath of Facebook's launch. The company also mentions mobile. That's an intriguing move, but it's not necessarily an answer to why the company is looking at a mobile phone now, as it's clear that some users would need it in order to use it daily.
London (CNN) -- British Airways and Unite -- the union representing many of the airline's cabin crew -- reached an agreement on Thursday, reducing the threat of strikes.|||Unionised flight attendants at British Airways rule instead. The U.K. carrier's spokesman, Jack Monaghan, said the three-day work stoppage, which began on July 28, had not led to any cancellations or grounds for "any judicial action," nor any disruption to operations. For safety reasons, the pilot incident did not result in a strike, he added. "But the rate at which they started doing this was going to be something on the higher end of the scale of that. I think they were doing the best they can given the latest information we received on Thursday morning," said U.K. Unite president Ian Hannam. "One strike ... is much more likely than others. I would now expect them to increase the cancellation level and not make any waves." Several airlines reported delays and cancellations, in addition to the flight attendants at BA. Of the other affected airlines, Jetstar flew missing from London. Air France reported delays of 5.5 hours to Paris. Tiger Airways lost two pilots on the Heathrow-Malaya flights. Royal Air Maroc said it expected flights to change to Malaysian air route after taking 10 cancellations and being forced to free up positions at five airlines. The airlines have announced other postponements or cancellations of work, including international flights, year-round operations for all of their mainline network. Even units like British Airways have started to say that some work has resumed -- especially at the expense of engine crews, for example.
A federal lawsuit filed Friday seeks to overturn portions of Texas' new abortion law, considered among the most restrictive legislation in the nation, just weeks before it takes effect.|||The Department of Justice announced Friday that it had filed a lawsuit against Texas on behalf of a 26-week-old newborn fetus and other women involved in an experimental abortion procedure. The lawsuit, filed in the Western District of Texas, seeks to stop implementation of the new law in the interim, it said. The lawsuit does not seek to strike the bill as unconstitutional, the department noted in a statement. But the plaintiffs claim they have been denied their right to legal counsel in violation of the provision. "We have a compelling need to have information for a fair trial, whether in front of a judge or the Court," the state's attorney general wrote in a statement.A federal lawsuit filed Friday seeks to overturn portions of Texas' new abortion law, considered among the most restrictive legislation in the nation, just weeks before it takes effect. The suit also seeks a stay of implementation in the case until next week.
(EW.com) -- Four new movies were no match for the feline phenom "The Lion King 3D," which ruled the box office for the second weekend in a row with $22.1 million, according to studio estimates.|||A busy week for Hollywood films has not endeared any studio producer to Disney's lineup of princesses, morons, pirates, and victims. In addition, the Hollywood Reporter can tell you that every studio has a sixth new film scheduled for release. Will Reese even be joining the party? The studio is positioning "Boys Don't Cry" as the year's most anticipated family movie, apparently following "Berserk." It's, of course, just a drop in the bucket compared to what Disney intends to do with "Wreck-It Ralph 2" and all its other still-untitled films. Check out the full list of movies for this week at EW.com. There's plenty of entertainment happening in the U.S. this week, so check back for our weekly online magazines and blogs about all the fun stuff going on in Hollywood and beyond. Click through the gallery above to see the full list of this week's entertainment features!
(CNN Student News) -- November 11, 2011.|||The night program follows:--Tonight, at 8 p.m., Hillary Clinton will talk to millennials about their experience growing up in a racially diverse community. The premiere at the National Student Television Center at Loyola University in Los Angeles comes at 9 p.m. for an event organized by the Peace Corps. See the rest of the show at CNN Student News at CNN.com.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- U.S. drone strikes in Yemen on Friday killed six militants, including two senior leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, four local security sources said.|||One of the U.S. drone strikes killed four members of al Qaeda's Yemen wing. The other two were killed by Yemeni security forces, and one other was killed by U.S. forces who were responding to a suicide bomber who entered the targeted area, according to a military official and two of the security sources. Seven others were killed in the airstrikes, which were carried out with helicopter gunships and drones flying at high altitude, the officials said. "The Yemeni military is trying to make sure we know that the activities of the U.S. authorities are being carried out properly to ensure their safety," the official said, using an official word for the terror group. "If we get any information from the U.S., we will communicate it to them." On Thursday, the U.S. military announced five international arrests in Yemen. China is reportedly helping provide security for the detainees. CNN's Mireya Amanpour contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- Two major civil liberties groups filed a lawsuit Tuesday challenging the government's asserted authority to kill U.S. citizens living abroad who are designated as terrorists.|||Washington Executive Director Sally Yates and ACLU Executive Director Carol Crandall announced their intention to file a lawsuit to execute an American citizen from Cuba on the constitutional grounds that he cannot be extradited to the United States. The coalition said it is pleased that "the Supreme Court has admitted the truth" in that statement. "These are sovereign nations and can legally do what they wish without penalty from the sovereign powers of any sovereign country," it said in a statement. "We're looking forward to having all individuals harmed by this executive action executed." The lawsuit was filed by the ACLU and the Sierra Club in New York on behalf of Sally Yates and Monica Zadel, who are both plaintiffs in the case. The plaintiffs were made plaintiffs under the federal character assassination act of 1791. Although they are characterized as individuals in the text of the act, it says that the act is a symbolic act that will not hold up in court. It takes effect immediately, unless used in a court of law. The plaintiffs also said they are happy the ACLU will file the lawsuit. Condemning the unlawful killing of Americans is why they entered into the lawsuit, the group said. "It's been more than a decade since Americans and their families have been attacked," Justice Department spokeswoman Patti Hawkinson said. The groups said the issue is primarily about whose leadership was the best. Foreign nationals cannot be authorized to carry out attacks in the United States or abroad without a valid national security authority, which they allege the administration lacks. CNN's Lee Meade contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A former New York City bouncer was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for the brutal slaying of a graduate student from Boston, the Brooklyn district attorney's office said.|||Hunterley's trial was the sixth in the case against nine people. During the second trial, prosecutors said Hunterley, 48, acted as a ringleader and took out 214 kilos (about 370 pounds) of drugs that had been deposited in an "accursed storefront." He also was convicted of conspiracy to commit murder. His supporters will fight his conviction in court, prosecutors said. Hunterley is already serving a sentence of 11 years in state prison for the 1991 gun killing of a 25-year-old man from Lowell, Massachusetts. Daniel Nogare was robbed of his home in 2000, entered through the windows of the front door with a key and went on the clock watching the killings from a safe-room machine, prosecutors said. He was involved in 11 other shootings around the city, prosecutors said. The court heard testimony from witnesses who said Hunterley knew students living in the neighborhood and was targeted in the shootings. And in 1990, the Los Angeles killer of Ekaylee Aquino was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to 21 years to life in prison, authorities said. CNN's Davey Sisler contributed to this report.
(CNN)F-16 fighter jets escorted two passenger planes into Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Saturday after a bomb threat made on Twitter was deemed credible, according to military officials.|||Joe Smith says F-16 fighter jets escorted two airplanes to land on the ground at 12:08 a.m., making them the first planes on-site at Atlanta's airport since January 2011. The driver of the second plane landed safely just under midnight, Smith said. St. Joseph Stewart Stewart, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration, confirmed the plane called in a tweet, which claimed to be a bomb threat, but said the specific threat did not come in. He said that neither of the aircraft was put on the ground. The F-16s were the target of the threats, not an actual bomb, said Smith. He said it was a decoy. As a result, the two planes took off separately. The F-16s brought both of the planes back to the airport about one hour later, and Stewart said another plane landed shortly before 5 a.m. The aircraft had been heading for Las Vegas, said Jason Kemp, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration. Sam Stewart, the spokesman for the TSA, told CNN it was not just a bomb threat, but one made through a social media message, and it would not have been an appropriate response, he said. That person was then scheduled to travel to California for a party. "He did not tell us that he did. But he did tell us, 'We're going to be at that event all day,' and we're going to be monitoring the situation," he said. Stewart did not say who the passenger was. Stewart said passenger conversations were followed by verbal threats in addition to calls to bombs found on the aircraft. Stephen Trujillo, a spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, said the threat was not a credible one. Stewart also said TSA officials learned of the threat during a flight to Las Vegas. "We do not believe that the threat in question was credible. We have some measures in place if they believe that one may pose a threat," he said. Both planes were in Atlanta for four hours, but the flights eventually returned to Arizona and New Mexico, Stewart said. He said the F-16s were patrolling Atlanta's airport terminal one, south of the Terminal 3. That's south of Interstate 85. Stewart said there was a medical emergency there Friday. "We're all trying to protect people -- the safety of the people and the public -- and we believe it's not a credible threat," Stewart said. "The facility was severely overwhelmed." On Saturday, more than 500 people were evacuated from four terminals. Tampa-Hollywood International Airport closed. Rockets canceled travel. Logan Airport in New York canceled a flight. All airports had additional security, and Stewart said there was at least one checkpoint throughout Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. Stewart said "I don't know if the biggest thing was a lot of people going to the airport" to cheer or fear for their safety. He told CNN that there were more than 20,000 passengers at Hartsfield-Jackson. "I think they're probably relieved that we're here. But there is something else that is going on," he said. According to Stewart, police worked with federal authorities and federal military officials to determine what happened, including when the military began searching the area around Hartsfield, the FBI and international security officials, said Stewart. Stewart said federal police officers were nearby, and bomb-sniffing dogs were on hand to assist. United States Army Special Operations Command Senior Air Officer Major John Stewart said the bomb-sniffing dogs will follow the civilians, in case they need help to contain the threat. "This is a tragic situation," he said. "We're aware that it's disruptive for a situation that we shouldn't be witnessing."
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Actor Pernell Roberts, who played the eldest Cartwright brother in TV's "Bonanza," died at his Malibu, California, home Sunday at 81, his lawyer said.|||The films feature Roberts as his characters and John Cartwright, his brother and Walter "Mappy" Koten from the second season of "Bonanza." He played a psychiatrist who used himself as a leg bone when he was preparing for a simulated leg-drill as a medevac mission from space, according to his Web site. Roberts was 75 years old when he died, his lawyer said. According to CNN affiliate KTLA, his son, Dave Roberts, was also at his Malibu home. Three people, including actor Gregg Piper, survived him. "You were one of the greatest shock absorbers on television," Ted Doyle of National Geographic said in a statement, "and you never could hide your shock. And you never complained. He was such a great guy. I miss him.  I won't forget him." "Bonanza" is filmed in Rochester, Minnesota, and is among the most-watched TV shows of the last 30 years, according to the IMDb. Roberts died several weeks after a public memorial service for fellow cast member Stephen Graham, who died last month after five years battling cancer, CNN reported. He was also remembered as a well-known drag queen, in drag makeup and for his energetic drag performances in "Under the Deep Blue Sea," as well as as his lyrics to the Love Carpet Gang song.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- All U.S. forces have vacated a military base in Pakistan, meeting a deadline set by Islamabad after a NATO airstrike killed dozens of soldiers, local military officials said Sunday.|||The U.S. military said it had been in contact with Pakistani officials that they were going to meet Saturday evening to set terms to remove "non-compliant elements." But at 5:00 p.m. U.S. military officials had reached a deal with Pakistani military officials to withdraw the unprofitable forces within seven days, and have asked for two weeks, Lt. Gen. Jehrimad Hasan Pasha told the official Dawn news agency. Jeevan Adnan said soldiers from his unit had already started leaving the base in the village of Gilgit-Baltistan, according to Dawn. Taliban militants in Pakistan call for the militants, including their ousted leader Nabiullah Mujahid, to be allowed to exercise political authority in Pakistan. Pasha said the Taliban militants' ultimate goal is to prevent Pakistani troops from conducting operations against them. "Before the terrorists and their countrymen turned against us, our troops were unable to do so," said Jamuddin, one of the fighters. "And so I have known that the Taliban have been waiting for us to leave Gilgit-Baltistan for their own safety and security." Pasha said coalition forces deployed this year to back up Pakistan. He said U.S. military personnel had no knowledge of any U.S. decision to drop troops at the base. Those employed to provide security on that base had been working with Pakistani intelligence officials. Obama administration officials said in August that U.S. troops had pulled troops from the base, but did not specify how many. A NATO truck dropped off equipment and left on that truck. Army officials have said that Afghan Taliban fighters attacked the base in the past. Taliban spokesman Mullah Mohammad Omar accused coalition forces in Pakistan of attacking Gilgit in retaliation. Militants in Pakistan say that U.S. troops fired on an earlier NATO convoy before attacking them. CNN's Nashat Gul contributed to this report.
Oslo (CNN) -- While the Nobel Peace Prize was being awarded this week in an ornate hall in Oslo, a small island nearby was shrouded in a cold mist that made it seem almost haunted.|||Log Gallery: Norway's Nobel Literature Prize -- Under a hazy clear sky. Orange's light drizzle filtered in and mingled with the mist that was confined to three islands along the Norwegian coast. "As I drove around the island, I thought about missing the Nobel Peace Prize," said Alex Holden, a Norwegian-born photographer who headed the Magic Island Tour covering New Zealand, the next day. "[It was] a wonderful experience, but not as nice as we would have wanted," said Holden. "Ice is like a curtain of mist over a place." The mist left the island unguarded, giving residents time to escape to warmer climes. Victoria Stevens, the owner of the Cook Islands, had spent an hour in the fog Tuesday before leaving the island for a holiday in New Zealand. "It was one of the first times I have driven around here in the fog and it was quite unusual," she said. The island's remote fire station was the first people to report that fog had covered the island. The fog also covered the Carlsberg Tower at the top of the island's largest church, a village home, and the main tourist destination. "With the fog coming, everything appeared very creepy and like an old town, with houses, gardens and just little bits of things that you'd expect at most. "The temperature was in the mid-teens today but at midday, it was still over 40 (c). "Lovely, the mist covers most of New Zealand, from the Bay of Islands to New Zealand." In December, the scene in Auckland, called New Farenheit, could even spark a blizzard, said David Overton, a spokesman for the World Meteorological Organization, which runs a website for the country. The fog did not cover the area either during Monday's service, he said.
(CNN) -- Frances Reid, best known for her decades-long portrayal of Alice Horton on the soap opera "Days of our Lives," died Wednesday at the age of 95.|||The actress-singer, who previously played Maria Cooper, was one of few actors on the American TV drama to play the role of nurse Carolyn Redenbacher on "Days of Our Lives" for more than half a century. As she worked to improve herself in the Silver Lake, Illinois, in 1968, Reid named the character of Alicia Rose, who proved to be the perfect nurse, based on the previous character played by Edna Floyd. Her stellar work on the program earned Reid multiple accolades for her portrayal of a woman and role modeled on women portrayed on various TV shows. During her run on the series, Reid played both Alicia and her daughter, Carolyn Redenbacher, several times before joining a cast of 18 nurses for real-life appearances. Reid reprised her role from 1968 until 1974. Those appearances were based on the Oscar-winning performances of Diane Taylor and Diane Sawyer. Reid appeared on "Gloria" with Diane Ebersole. Shari Errett acted as Alex Cushman, a neighbor of Diane Ebersole's, and Jewel Chessman portrayed Tina Curley, a singer and singer. According to The New York Times, the Rialto, California, native was buried in Jackson County's Abbottsville Cemetery on Wednesday, according to Richard Williams, assistant county coroner. Reid and Ernest Fink as Paulie Alter grew up together in the small town. Jennifer Janelle' Morgan and Barbara Krall also have passed away. Frank Shapiro, one of the show's six doctors, was Reid's head of medical production in the 1980s. The show's medical staff included Janelle Moran, Alan McKee, Ernest Evans, Anthony Fields, Howard Davis and Randy Evans.
(CNN) -- A suspected serial killer has killed for the last time.|||Former acquaintance Sergey Kurashnikov tells CNN affiliate KFSN he did it and that he is innocent. A jury convicted him Tuesday in a Texas court, and the 36-year-old previously had told police he killed more than a dozen people before his confession on Saturday. The confession followed a series of murders and robberies in the past five years, but he got his sentence reduced after police found the number of crimes he confessed to, including 15 shootings between 2000 and 2005. Late Sunday, Kyran Tahrir, 46, appeared in court where an indictment was entered against him and a 24-year-old man and 10 minors. Police have ruled Kurshevich is the killer, and the indictment against them states they each committed 32 murders and 34 robberies between 2000 and 2005, causing 500 victims. Tahrir is a self-employed insurance salesman, but has been a suspect since September 2005. He says he thought he knew everything about the killings because many of the incidents were overdosed. "I just thought I was the only one that might be doing this," he told the courtroom. Tahrir says he is innocent. Authorities have said that it was after some arrests that he changed his mind and began to show signs of mental illness, he said. "I know that I had a personality, something that was very aggressive. That changed and then I stopped what I was doing," said Tahrir. Kurashnikov says that a friend gave him clues that led to him going to KFSN. Police say the man was targeting people and killing them and making them hurt. Now they are providing evidence that so far only one other victim is connected with the killings. "All of the pieces have been matched," said Detective Sean Shaw, a spokesman for the Houston Police Department. CNN's Sara Bryan contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The Defense Department will release "a substantial number" of photographs showing abuse of prisoners at prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.|||The images were taken from a closed door and other photographs, which include videos that captured abusive behavior at Iraq's Assadiya facility -- a detention center for Muslim detainees that killed an Iraqi cleric and has since been renamed Asaad Hospital -- and still others from prisoners who face abuse, said Abigail Ross Hanelsmann, executive director of the ACLU's National Security Project. Pictures showed violent torturing of prisoners. They also showed that officials were making room for gender-based bullying in detention facilities, such as in the Samana prison in northern Iraq. A prisoner was removed after state force sexual assault, and a detainee removed again after committing "a violent crime." The photos also show the harshness of some of the treatment of detainees in a women's unit in Iraq. The photographs and video showed the remoteness of a women's center for the treatment of detainees, according to the ACLU. Abu Zubaydah, a former detainee at Abu Ghraib, had "hundreds of shows of extreme mistreatment," according to Agha Salahuddin, a former detainee at Kadam-e-Jabar in Iraq. According to the ACLU, Abu Qaydah remains in that prison. He faces allegations of high-level torture and rendition. He was sentenced to 15 years in prison and is also in confinement for two other allegations of high-profile terrorism offenses, and is being held at large on another. He was sentenced to life in prison in May 2005 in the U.S. for his role in the al Qaeda-linked attacks on U.S. soil. His wife reportedly gave birth to his children in June 2009.
(CNN) -- With the presidential race heading into its final stretch, both candidates vow to protect the sacred promises made to military families. But neither is offering any details on how they might support military families if we hit a fiscal cliff with budget cuts that could wipe out services for military and veterans' families.|||Both major-party candidates have embraced what were called "coupled with patriotic enthusiasm, that is why they were both told they would stand with our armed forces. And as possible allies, Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and Sen. John McCain -- right-hand men to all troops -- came out forcefully in defense of military families. "To support your service members and their families, you must keep the costs down," says McConnell, who backs the House Armed Services Committee's repeal of mandatory benefits. "It's right that as a matter of constitutional principle, we must make sure the Pentagon is able to provide the necessary money for their training and medical care." Under President Barack Obama, a series of wars, cuts and amendments to existing spending laws has resulted in billions of dollars in new debt on our national debt -- including this month's massive increase in the defense of Afghanistan that was one of the causes of last year's budget impasse. But Democrats and some Republicans don't want to guarantee anyone a federal funding source for armed forces. President George W. Bush declared a halt to military spending in 2001, and while the Bush administration protected civilian funding by expanding spending programs for military expenses, it concealed the shameful reality that was under way. This is exactly what happened to the military budget in the Bush administration: overspending that saved the country billions of dollars in an effort to win wars. This was absolutely a mistake. It was a giveaway to the military. We shouldn't let future wars and supply shortages go undredicated. Citizens deserve to know whether the House Armed Services Committee would approve the next round of defense spending and a potential review of the Bush administration's proposal to spend $6 billion a year on domestic operating outlays while maintaining our entitlement to military readiness. We must let these service members and their families know that when the day of reckoning comes, there will be consequences for our current pattern of overspending and over-enthusiastic attitude toward our Armed Forces." Now, under Republican control of Congress, that need will be debated again in next year's elections. But either Romney or McCain's positions are clear: Either cut spending to protect military families, or raise taxes and cut discretionary spending. Both have stood by the decades-long defense of the military budget that has borne the brunt of United States foreign policy -- helping President Bill Clinton and the Bush administration both make billions in extra spending for military deployments across the world and advancing the goals of the United States' Great Society. But the financial system should not be used to pay a debt to support congressional efforts to cut Pentagon operations. Instead, they should focus on strengthening the payments to the military in every community and building up military families so there is broad support for their investments. If either man were elected, both Ryan and McConnell would open up the debate, but with virtually no concessions from the other -- just as Republican candidates have done in the past to protect military families and veterans. Because of the cutting backs from the budget increases over the past several months, Barack Obama plans to even make tax cuts -- albeit not for Pentagon programs. I'd much prefer spending cuts. But that means funneling troops into stable, cash-producing "New Deal" programs to shore up those programs instead of across-the-board cuts that cut and destroy everything they do for troops. By the same token, conservatives should not be pushing unnecessary spending cuts that don't reflect the military's commitment to its servicemen and women. Conservative and liberal are right. McCain does not deserve a silver bullet and Romney is not. He should work with his colleagues to tackle the fiscal cliff. By Obama, he should expect the financial crisis -- the "freefall" -- when the federal deficit comes knocking at the door, and not return to the status quo.
(CNN) -- Car tires disappearing under knee-high water. Rescuers ferrying residents from their homes in inflatable boats.|||In the bay near the Philippines' Philippine capital Manila, 26 people were killed in a boat crash at some point after 50 rescue boats landed in the area in early August. At least 111 people were stranded at Disney World, according to CNN affiliate KOIN. Police on Monday evening forced hundreds of people to evacuate Des Moines, Colorado, an hour away by boat from downtown Denver. Rescuers ferrying residents from their homes in inflatable boats. At least 34,000 people were stranded because of the situation, according to CNN affiliate KTVI, in Granite City, Colorado. Nearby, the Lower Colorado River also rose Thursday, forcing officials to make more sandbags. But Friday, the newspaper said they were no longer needed. Rescuers had been shoring up sandbags overnight because it was too dangerous. A family of four in La Selva Beach, Florida, evacuated from a house when heavy rains blanketed the area about 20 miles west of there Thursday. The household lost more than $400 in electronics. A crane in Hoboken, New Jersey, was cut during the deluge, the Hindshore Force Base said Friday. "The crane hit debris on the right side of the crane, said Northern Line spokesman Tyler Green. We had a subcontractor make several passes at it before it was moved -- that means the crane looked soft, he said. At least 25,000 homes are without power in southeast Yemen. One woman, one child, was killed in Yemeni floods. Six people were injured, including four children. At least 10 people were wounded when the plane carrying an Israeli volunteer pilot crashed. Three of the eight injured are dead. The Saudi navy provided a barge to salvage residents trying to cross the flooding in Bahama Island, the navy said in a statement. "The ship is providing support with yaks, small boats and used airboats to assist in the water rescue efforts," said navy Capt. Sadaf Galovici, a military spokesman.The navy ship, called the Aswan-based Bluefin Explorer, was recovering from a storm in the upper Mekong Bay, south of the coast, but its waters were flowing too fast to extract any bodies, he said. The Navy said people were evacuated but not in danger of drowning. "There is not a waterway being covered by the storm. When it was predicted, deluge was coming in, there was just a little bit of precipitation coming through, so the water was a little sandy." But the storm dumped 18 inches of rain, the National Weather Service said.
Princeton, New Jersey (CNN) -- There is at present a profound uncertainty about currencies. That is why the president of the World Bank, Robert Zoellick, created such a stir with a brief reference to an enhanced role for gold in the course of a plea for a more sustainable international exchange rate system.|||At issue at hand is an issue that both nations and financial markets do not want to talk about -- the dollar. Sure, they are in crisis, but they would rather not have to argue about how it is either going to be one day or two or even three years or five. Then, they would rather not be talked about at all. All this would be bad for an economy which really thrives on central-state institutions such as the World Bank that promote cross-border trade and coordinate international trade on the basis of world-wide market-based exchange rates. But I think we must look at a very specific direction: of the gold price, which would be a real theoretical gold bull of eight percent. "Gold is not going to be a factor in this," Zoellick said. "Gold is actually very nearly one-half a standard for all currencies, so the likelihood of fixing a euro as much as four times to the dollar is incredibly low," added Zoellick. The dollar is now trading at 30.00 per U.S. dollar, compared to 15.45 in early July 2008. In other words, it currently trades at 4.2 percent. And the dollar just got lower last week, and now we're going back down to 3.5 per cent. Such a weakness is reducing the value of the gold that if you looked at the zeta (minus 2.5 per cent) trading from just a short time ago, it would have dropped to right around two-thirds, given the current weakness in the dollar. While many would argue that we should not let hope run wild by making money on other currencies, i.e. speculation and default trading, the reality is that we will continue to lose money and may well have to write a check for the monies we don't have. Money also cost as much as $1 and we might not end up with as much as we have in the past. And let's remember that people have spent the past half a century believing in the unrealization of the current exchange rate and expect the sudden boom of currencies to come back down in a few months, but of course it never actually does -- it never does. The Dollar is the only system that can survive on the basis of volatility over the coming years, and currency people are suspicious of it because it never fails to fail. And it's got this feeling that at some point things are going to go bad, and that's not rational. The question is whether the dollar and other currencies can be viable in this environment.
(CNN) -- Whether you're looking for a laid-back evening or want to party the night away, there are plenty of bars and clubs in Malmo to keep you entertained.|||Slicks and films won't take you out on the town, thanks to the free satellite coverage at the Bornholm Building and awesome nightclubs in the capital. It's also great to wander around Malmo, checking out its other great sights. "If you wander over there, be sure to come here and have a look around," the most popular website, listed by number of places where you can visit, is. The city's own adventure and travel guides also have more things to do than wander around town. For more, see The Transylvanian Horror. 'This quick trip has been good for you,' the city says. And while there aren't many things that keep you in town, some of them offer creative and fun entertainment. Try out iTunes and other apps as well.
Tucson, Arizona, public schools suspended their Mexican-American studies program after an administrative law judge ruled it violated a new state law and the state said the local district was going to lose $15 million in annual aid, officials said.|||The district had already suspended the program from the start of this year, which runs from the end of December until June 29. It ended September 25 when state authorities told them they had refused to comply with federal guidelines, which prohibit them from offering a program that "demeans, disparages or misrepresents any group or people in a manner contrary to the conduct of their official survey," according to the school district's website. The federal government no longer covers the program, the school district said. At issue was a college scholarship that had gone through a fundraising flight and a $25,000 scholarship offered to 10 student athletes. The federal agency told Tucson Public Schools that it would take years of court action to overturn the decision, which was made in April. According to a family activist group, the "Mesoamericanization" of the environment has permeated into all aspects of American life, and that the culture is more dangerous than it was a decade ago, when classes were taught in Spanish. "The law's every word was deceptively worded, and created the very perfect storm with regard to Mexico and Latin America," said Claudio Alonso, a family activist. "When we teach the core studies, it's the most extreme version of what we do in any given classroom and not what we do in any other classroom." While state law requires the state to make schools open to all students, it provides no legal basis to impose a program that is racially biased against Latinos, or that discriminates against ethnic or cultural groups. It also sets no legal requirement for public schools to apply the state's diversity standards, which are limited to minorities and students of color, and allows schools to hire and retain all students. Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said at the time that he did not believe "racial discriminatory programs" are allowed in schools. The proposed law.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson's children, and Dr. Arnold Klein denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs.|||Jonaswellor The Associated Press. The denial raised questions about the nature of Michael Jackson's family relationships in California, particularly child care. His fans have been keenly seeking to identify the biological father or caretaker of his five children, who are in the late teens and early 20s. After interviewing the father of Jackson's infant daughter, Nina, and his wife, Tiana, that Jackson's sons, Kevin and Jesse, were taken at a 2003 Children's Hospital concert, in Los Angeles, the father refused to say what role he would play in parenting the children. "He is absolutely nothing like Michael," the former pediatrician said. The doctor denies allegations that he placed Jackson's children in custody, saying his son didn't have a father. They report that Klein would spend more time with them than he did with Michael and would get more of their medications, such as drugs for him, the doctor said. "I have a good relationship with Dr. Klein," he said. But he added that he would never tell Jackson that he wouldn't see his children with him anymore. One of the members of his staff, Michael's son Daniel, said Klein had a moldy syringes in his lab. "I would certainly not use those medications to give my child his Dad's medicine," he said. However, Klein said he knew of no record of getting Jackson's children any substances from him, such as laxatives, amphetamines or prescription drugs. Last month, Jackson's attorney Mark Geragos said the $500-million settlement would never have happened.
(CNN) -- Imagine sitting at your desk at work and overhearing a co-worker sharing the good news about his or her latest raise, bumping his or her salary to $50,000. You have worked at the company five years longer, in the same position and your salary is $5,000 lower.|||Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is currently the top earner in the Republican party at $144,800. Ms. Clinton, who is 66, earned nearly $60,000 during her vice presidential primary campaign, according to data compiled by RealClearPolitics. To help verify whether or not the wealthy Clinton earned a $60,000 salary, her campaign manager advised her to meet the $100,000 bar required by "gross domestic product and wage equity" standards. It would seem that Hillary Clinton, who is running for President as a progressive, has not broken a sweat. "If this is the conversation of the time we want to have," she told CNN's Anderson Cooper, when asked about Clinton's pay raise, "but I'm going to be," after Clinton was the Democratic presidential candidate in the 2008 presidential race. "I see her everywhere we go ... she has plunked herself down her money in paying for schools in our state for my four kids and calling it an education for my four kids. And I've seen the extent of the hole in her pay and the amount of money that I would take from our Social Security and Medicare benefits, because of that disparity between me and my chief co-workers." There is a net benefit to her salary alone. As part of her 2016 re-election campaign, Clinton's campaign says she has raised more than $9 million in her first eight months, and plans to fund an additional $8 million for her second term, according to CNN. But she will be digging a hole and millions of hardworking Americans will be left without a job to which they can truly aspire. She will soon be out $50,000. "Saving this money is not going to help either of us get ahead in our lives," the candidate told CNN in an interview last week. She could be asking herself this question any day. "What am I going to do once I'm retiring?" she asked. "Why am I going to start paying more for my college tuition because I'm getting a raise?" "That's my math," a colleague responded. "But raising your salary isn't necessarily, if you are doing a great job in the new job, your net cost of living will go up," the co-worker added. Is Hillary Clinton getting a $50,000 raise in just three months? Would you get up at night and ask yourself, "how can this person really get ahead?" What advice would you have given to Hillary Clinton if she spent the day going door-to-door telling people about her $50,000 raise? My advice: $65,000 in tuition. Imagine when you were 40 and had a $150,000 annual salary, and your last salary in a year was $5,000. You would look into college! Take home a book and ask people what you saw at the local museum, thinking about the next few years. More importantly, I wonder whether people want Hillary Clinton to become president because the only things it achieves is to make us all think and believe that a Clinton presidency is "okay." Why is Hillary Clinton the deciding factor in Clinton's campaign? The president's campaign has already said she will rely on female primary voters and vice presidential voters. Clinton is relying on the benefits of those decisions, according to the campaign. Another option would be to have her leverage her position against the president-elect through criticism from wealthy Democrats, specifically Chris Christie, whom was helped into victory by his use of the word "Lock her up" while taunting a Democratic opponent. We'd focus our energy on other lawmakers as well, and see if we can raise the bar. And remember: Before voting, all Americans have the right to a fair share of the work that they're doing. The Democratic National Committee made the point of describing how unfair the economy is right now and vowed to hold these high and unacceptable wages accountable. Will Hillary Clinton -- or her supporters who encourage Hillary Clinton to run for president -- act responsibly? Both men should lead by example. What message do your supporters deliver? Voices on this issue: Under the Age of Stupid
(CNN) -- Mila Kunis -- and her baby bump and engagement ring -- are out of hiding.|||Mila. "No drama, no distractions" Mila Kunis wrote on Instagram. The 31-year-old actress recently revealed that she and husband Ashton Kutcher, 27, are expecting their first child. They first announced their engagement in July 2011, two months before she became pregnant. A month later, the couple announced their engagement. "I've always wanted to be an engaged couple and I'm thrilled to announce I am with my fiance, and we plan to begin our marriage and family," Kunis said, according to People. She added that the couple had both attended church and that she is "taking it slow to come out of the closet." They are expected to start celebrating the birth in September. "I'm always very happy to see people embrace themselves and their new life, so we're really focused on that right now," Kunis told People last month.
(CNN)If Nintendo has its way, you can prepare for a visit to the magical land of Hyrule, looking more real than ever.|||The halo shapes are fashioned from a geologic system known as the egg. The geologic system holds up more than 30 years after the original Nintendo game was designed and looks like a retro playstation, but the version is far more modern, as it actually uses a mix of buttons and button controls and utilizes vertically-mounted displays. It mirrors the shape of a real Nintendo 3DS and uses alloys for its physics. None of it has any realistic appearance, though. The water and food depicted in the games are meant to look almost perfect. Take a look: What color do you think the top half of the ball looks like? How many of the cartoony characters in the games will be visible in the next version? (Some games, like Captain Falcon's Quest, will feature a real-looking ball.) So will glasses? Are the Goggle glasses that use digital filters for effects realistic? Maybe it's just me, but to some people, glitter, shadows and glitter are perfect words for a movie. And Nintendo's coloring style is simply what designers have been calling for. Or at least it is in the game they'll make. The graphics look gritty in "The Legend of Zelda" and are not patchy. But one of the show's writers, Lee Lund, told Bloomberg, "It has a pretty significant amount of pixelation." But he believes he's not done any science with the look yet. "I don't think I've ever worked on pixelation in video games," he said. "Ever." Instead of the traditional 3D pixel image, he says, "I think we're in the style of GeoSci technology, where you can get a much higher resolution image that kind of captures shadow." As for shadows, Lund said he tried the technology to "darken it," which means shadows look better with the shadows on the screen. Colors on this first-person view game are also going to be turned from yellow to gray. So how is your opinion about the result so far? In this slide, Mike Freamon highlights a few of the six steps in making the Zelda games look "realer and better." Here's more:
(CNN) -- A 6-year-old girl, detained in Arizona on suspicion of entering the United States illegally, is now at a shelter in El Paso, Texas, as authorities try to locate a relative.|||The girl was an undocumented minor traveling on a visit from Mexico, officials said. She crossed the border near the border town of Nogales, Mexico, where her parents live. The girl and her mother were living in Guatemala City, CNN affiliate WSB reported, citing the Department of Homeland Security. No further details were immediately available on the relationship between the girl and her father. Mexican officials said on Thursday that the girl's relatives have not been located. The girl, from the Mexican state of Jalisco, is part of a group of people traveling through Mexico and Central America on a visit to avoid a possible deportation in Mexico. An incident in Nogales on Thursday night, which police described as "family intrusion," is believed to be the first time officials have seen them. "The family brought their little girl here and took her through some different areas to have her detained for the identification of relatives," National Immigration Services spokeswoman Shannon Weiss said. Both Jennifer Jeanotte, who was with the family, and David Jenkins, the daughter's attorney, called it "a well-thought-out offer." The suspect's mother, Luisa Rodriguez, contacted the National Security Council and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to tell them she and the girl's father were going to take their daughter to Mexico, CNN affiliate KCMG reported. She then was arrested, one day later. Phillips told KCMG the two women's mother says her child is trying to go to Mexico with her children in order to help her daughter. Mexican authorities were not immediately able to comment on the report. Both Ramirez and Perez, both Mexican officials, declined further comment. Aznar Perez, spokesman for Mexico's attorney general's office, said his office was not aware of an incident that happened in Nogales. "We do not have any information about a possible incident," he said. Earlier Thursday, the National Border Patrol Council announced four U.S. border officials were arrested after a child arrived from Mexico on the border without a proper visa, according to a report. It did not say who may have ordered the arrest. Border Patrol spokesman Daniel Tran said 11 people were arrested, including six children, "for minor violations that are governed by immigration laws." Among the teen suspects arrested in Nogales, near the border with Mexico, were a pair of 5-year-old boys from Honduras. The mother, 21, and the father, 49, were both from China, the statement said. In addition, a 9-year-old male from Honduras entered the country. Two Ecuadorian women, who also had valid visas to cross the border, were arrested in Arizona on Wednesday, the National Border Patrol Council told CNN. No current arrests or prosecutions have been brought. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office did not immediately return a request for comment. The FBI did not comment Thursday on how this case unfolded, as CNN had not previously reported. In a statement Thursday evening, FBI Director James Comey said he was "deeply concerned" over the family's recent trip. "The FBI is committed to securing the nation's borders. We are confident that these children will be returned safely to their families and their families as soon as possible," said Comey. U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan and Secretary of State John Kerry also condemned the incident and called it "a serious violation of the law." The local police chief in Nogales, Nogales, Mexico, said he will "continue to cooperate with authorities." He praised the authorities' response. Nogales' "professional attitude" toward immigration law and the border stop, Perez said. CNN's Juan Sanchez and Eugenio Torres contributed to this report.
(EW.com) -- One of the more intriguing pop controversies of 2013 was the friendly fire exchanged over the perceived similarities between Katy Perry's "Roar" and Sara Bareilles' "Brave."|||Katy Perry's "Roar" wasn't the first song for which the music lovers took to the Internet to scream, "Pirate!" The name, too, has been questioned before. But rumors that the song was actually a cover of the 1983 Suze Orman hit "Brave" caused plenty of controversy in the music world as artists and fans accused each other of copying each other's efforts. As the drama raged, Perry finally launched legal action against the It Girls, and when claimed they split their catalog, she appeared angry enough to leave iTunes with just the new single "Roar" for now. You can read more about Katy Perry's recent run-in with Twitter trolls at EW.com. "Not the first song you see me stand next to," the 24-year-old announced through a confusing billboard and message board during a recent performance of "Roar." For more music coverage from EW, click here to sign up for our weekly newsletter.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong is on high alert after an Indonesian domestic helper contracted the city's first human case of H7N9 avian flu, the city's government says.|||H7N9 -- bird flu is the most serious strain for humans to develop in recent years. The type of bird flu seen recently is highly pathogenic and can spread by both direct contact between a bird and humans. Other animals have suffered allergic reactions to the virus as well, medical sources said. In Hawaii, local authorities were also warned that the health care system in some low-income areas may be at risk of being understaffed. "The fear for the elderly is real and the community is very concerned," the health ministry said in a statement Thursday. Any patient with this viral infection should consult their doctor, the ministry said. The incident has been investigated, with several people also taken to hospitals, according to health ministry spokesman Norman Yap. "While these cases may be at odds with the broader public health protection," Yap said, "the number of people it can cause will be extremely high." For its part, the government of Hong Kong has said it is receiving hundreds of calls reporting "bad news from the health department about flu-like illness." It said more than 35 people have died since 2007 as a result of the influenza virus, and that there are nearly 1 million patients infected with the virus. The population is more than twice that of China and the Philippines combined. "We received more than 1,200 reports from Hong Kong patients from all over the country, ranging from people suffering from vomiting and diarrhea to first-degree burns," Yap said. "Many patients now have serious infection and have contracted respiratory infections, so there is a critical need to ensure that all the public health facilities are thoroughly disinfected from inside and outside the hospital. This would avoid serious health risks." High risk for foreign nationals. The city's population stands at around 5 million people, the government estimates. Last year, more than 2,000 people contracted the virus in the city. A specialist on tropical disease at the University of Hong Kong, Martin Yam, said the risks of damaging healthcare facilities following the typhoon Haiyan were the greatest.
(CNN) -- Nearly 400 people were killed overnight Saturday by government shelling in what is supposed to be a "no-fire" zone of Sri Lanka, a humanitarian worker in the area told CNN on Sunday.|||Aidedaki Minayanka is on the front line. He spent two hours crouching on the ground in an underground shelter. At least 40 people were killed and 37 others were killed Saturday, she said. The shelling from government forces continued Sunday morning, Minayanka told CNN. CNN's Margaret Gatilos in Chennai, Sri Lanka, could not be immediately reached for comment. She said the shelling began at about 6 a.m. and continued through the day, wading in sludge. She said there were clashes with government forces in the area, with combatants firing on the civilians. "It is just unconscionable. It's just inhuman." She added that members of the armed rebels are telling her there are "three things to keep in mind. First -- cease the fighting, to cease the looting, and to cease the attacks," she said. Live updates: Kabila says air strikes continue in Southern Sinhala. Authorities said the situation in the battleground region in Southern Sinhala Province has deteriorated in the past two weeks. Government forces have used air strikes in September on rebel camps in Deranga town in the southwestern part of the country. The government accused Pakistani military troops in the area of burning civilian homes. The Pakistani army said it recently killed nine members of the Sri Lankan military in what it called a battle. It called the killing in Deranga a "genocide, a genocide and as an act of genocide," and earlier this month Sri Lanka's Foreign Ministry issued a rare declaration of genocide against Pakistan. Speaking to reporters in Mumbai on Sunday, Pakistani Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan said the incident should be condemned and that it could lead to UN Security Council sanctions against the country. The statement said officials in the region "tried to obstruct the activities of the United Nations to achieve a just and consistent cease-fire." There is no comment from anyone from the U.N. in Sri Lanka. Faisal Anwar's request for access was turned down.
It breaks my heart to read about the death of James Boyd, a homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in March. Boyd was apparently mentally ill.|||It breaks my heart to read about the death of James Boyd, a homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in March. Boyd was apparently mentally ill. But his death may be political. Are we so desperate to end up with the situation where your elected officials are talking about making criminal action a politically charged tool of their punishment? My gut tells me we must not play along with the crowd surrounding him. For years, we have ignored the signs. It's time to change our focus. It's time to focus on community rather than criminals. It's time to put you in front of the police.
(CNN) -- Nine U.N. peacekeepers were killed in an ambush Friday in Mali, a U.N. spokesman said.|||The attack occurred near Toungua, on the Mali-Tunisia border, during the formation of a U.N. peacekeeping force in Mali, a spokesman said. The conflict erupted on June 22, with Tuareg rebels attacking a base in the village of Toungua. France said nine peacekeepers had been killed and 15 others were injured. "We had to do something," a rebel commander told CNN. "The situation has been very bad." CNN's Kareem Malik contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Hamburg have moved up to fourth place in the Bundesliga, only behind Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg on goal difference, after a comfortable 2-0 home victory over Energie Cottbus on Sunday.|||Hamb Hamburg's Bundesliga campaign has become a regular success after dominating last season's double-winning campaign by posting a ninth straight win in its new season. The Bundesliga leaders are tied on 31 points, six ahead of second placed Borussia Monchengladbach and 10 clear of third-placed Wolfsburg. Following a decisive 2-0 victory over Bismarck, Bruno Genesio fired home a superb 31st-minute free-kick with no one in the Bayern Munich defense to beat. In German Second Division battle, Leganes destroyed Augsburg 5-0. Roma's Alex Klose scored twice in just over 50 minutes as the home side left the noise in defeat. Liverpool and Chelsea were unable to score until the final 15 minutes as Chelsea were beaten 2-1 by Everton at Stamford Bridge and Napoli have already progressed in the knockout rounds. Bayern will face Genoa in the final round of the European Champions League on Sunday. Earlier on Sunday, Chelsea captain Fernando Llorente sent in penalties after Franco Arda Turan was pulled down, but Carlo Ancelotti made no mistake in removing the Italian striker. "He has to play on the penalty spot because it is easier to allow him to score," the Chelsea manager said. Real Madrid kept a clean sheet by conceding a fine goal by former Italy striker Nemanja Vidic. Indeed, Varane opened the scoring when he showed positive movement to drive home in first-half injury time. David Villa and Sergio Aguero were also on target, but the Spain striker limped off with an injury late on after his side had dominated the first half with five goals. Carl Gomez and Gary Cahill also netted for Arsenal in a 2-0 victory at lowly Reading, who moved into sixth place on 34 points with a 1-0 win at Nottingham Forest earlier Sunday.
(CNN) -- U.S. law enforcement seized thousands of pounds of drugs and arrested hundreds of people in a synchronized bust targeting Mexican drug cartels and their associates, federal authorities said Friday.|||The 18-day operation took place between Wednesday and Thursday. The total number of people arrested rose from 21 to 250, authorities said. Drug traffickers believed to be involved in Mexico's biggest-ever drug operation "began operating illegally in Florida and Texas, before reaching the Mexican border in upstate New Mexico, in San Diego and Los Angeles," according to ICE spokesman Mark L. Anthony. The operation targets the Mexican-based Sinaloa Cartel as well as the Mexican-based La Familia Michoacana Cartel, according to the U.S. Justice Department. Known as the "Operation Concha" after Mexico's version of the "Boy Wonder," the DEA, the U.S. Marshals Service and other U.S. agencies are responsible for carrying out joint investigations with Mexican law enforcement in America. "This operation has helped to disrupt the cartels," said DEA Special Agent and Special Agent in Charge Marita Lopez of the Texas Division. Her agency works with other agencies to help track down Mexican drug cartels, including Central and South American cartels. "In the past two years the Mexican government has actually done a tremendous job of stopping these organizations and keeping the cartels in check. As a result of the efforts of DEA special agents and agency community members who worked alongside them over the last two months, the cartels have begun to show signs of life and those who knowingly and purposefully participate in their crimes are being brought to justice," the Justice Department said. The "Operation Concha" operation targets Mexican drug traffickers in the U.S. and Latin America, including the Sinaloa Cartel, where Mexico's kingpin Joaquin "Cesar" Guzman remains on the run. Several more Mexican cartels have been targeted. In April, the United States declared a major international drug-trafficking cessation agreement with Mexican authorities. The Valenzuela Cartel and the Tijuana drug cartel are fronts for the Sinaloa Cartel, which recently placed Querétaro, the largest town in Mexico, on the Sinaloa Cartel's most wanted list, and the Los Zetas cartel, which has sent thousands of kilos of marijuana to Cartel President Gustavo Petro. According to the DEA, the Sinaloa Cartel has increased to its highest level in years. Lopez says her office is focused on the Sinaloa Cartel because she has been arrested three times for crimes linked to the cartel. The agency also targets the Sinaloa Cartel and its local counterpart, the Sinaloa Northern Cartel, in Sinaloa, in El Paso, El Salvador, and Rio Grande Valley, in San Luis Potosi, Arizona. Last year, approximately 4,000 drug and human trafficking arrests were made in the Sinaloa Cartel in southern Mexico.
JAMAICA PLAIN, Massachusetts (CNN) -- Lucy Valena is hooked on coffee.|||Lucky Reisel coffee drinks. 2.5 oz espresso drinks. 2.5 oz coffee drinks. 4 oz iced coffee drinks. The dessert-inspired coffee came with a full assortment of human-specific flavors. Valena recommends beginning with the quick doughnut flavor, followed by a great mugful and a team of friendly staff. She also suggests introducing classic coffee flavors into the mix, so the creaminess is better. Coffee's coffee shop. "I have no idea what to call it, I only know I like the name coffee," Valena says. "It's all reference to certain coffee notes you might get." It's not that Starbucks makes coffee to order, Valena says. "I don't drink coffee with coffee. I don't get coffee mixed in with it. For me it was kind of a time capsule. Everything was coffee." Coffee's best flavor is potato. While those coffee flavors sound like nothing more than coffee, they do have a distinct flavor. Pumpkin spice alert! Varying amount of flavors, from green coffee to pastel to coffee chip and none smell like regular coffee, Valena says. "It has a lot of flavor to it," Valena says. "We do a lot of menthol which gives it that smell." "It has a lot of coffee character and it's all about character." Easy-to-decompress. "It always smells like coffee." And isn't there something about the coffee that the staff does well. It has flavor notes like cinnamon. When they're nice, it smells more like coffee. It's the pumpkin flavor. And then there's the odor. Valena says they add an essential to an excellent cup of coffee.
"As we approach the end of our first year in prison, I cannot help but feel proud and strengthened by all that has been achieved so far," said journalist Peter Greste in a letter from a Cairo jail cell.|||Greste's lawyer, Mikhail Mikhailov, said his client would submit a defense in court next month. "The standpoints, as Peter so eloquently put it, are that we are an illusory terrorist group, tied to al Qaeda, but we can win our case against the State of Israel and have a real plan for it. It's on. It's very simple. If your target wants to meet al Qaeda, meet them!" he said. Alan Turing will be hearing his arguments as soon as Monday, Maclean's reported. "My client's legal team and I ... together have prepared to cross the line of become a martyr," Greste said, referring to himself. "We are not for one man to stop," he said in the letter, later signed by Olli Rehn, an "angry man" jailed in Cyprus who wrote the screenplay for "The Terminal." Turing -- a play on the name of the fictional Spider-Man character -- has been in a Cairo jail since March. He could face the death penalty and life in prison after the publication of the crime film. "[If convicted] I will not accept any consequences from the court ... I just ask for your forgiveness and for whoever hates us. My wife, my children and I, will take the full pain and grief that we will all bear until we reunite one day -- only this time without God." Greste, who told journalists about the attack by three British gangsters at the movie's Swedish sets on September 11, 2005, said he met with a few British film-makers, calling them "heroes. I didn't know at the time that somebody like Peter Greste was destined to bring freedom to so many people and to make so many hardworking heroes." Several others in attendance were imprisoned on charges of association with al-Qaeda. Of those arrested, five were the six people who pleaded guilty. "It's all sad, but it's also an honor. I love my friends and families so much," Greste said. He and his brother, Daniel Furlong, 23, were convicted in 1999 of assisting or providing material support to al Qaeda in Iraq. They were sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for 15 years.
Beirut, Lebanon (CNN) -- Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, considered Hezbollah's first spiritual leader, has died, his office told CNN Sunday.|||With him near, the leadership was strengthened after the devastating 2006-2007 civil war. Fadlallah had met with those of Palestinian militant group the Islamic Jihad and Hezbollah leaders to encourage them to pursue militant tactics. A religious council, which included Fadlallah, led the militant group until 2005, when it was disincorporated. The leadership of ISIS remained under supervision from Fadlallah until the end of 2011, according to Amnesty International. Its composition was as follows: Jordanian-born Sheikh Hamad Al-Masri, Saudi Arabia-raised Sheikh Ahmed al-Shami and Lebanese-born Mr. Samir Ghurairi. The group's chief spokesman, Abdel Reza Abdel-Rahman, told CNN in an interview that the group was developing its infrastructure but was mindful of the fear of Islamic war in its heartland. "We told our boys to prepare. We told our youths to wear a headscarf and a long beard." Egypt has conducted air strikes against both Israel and Hamas in recent years. Israel fired a missile at an Israeli air base in northern Lebanon on June 13, killing 22 people. Hezbollah -- also known as the Lebanese Revolutionary Forces -- was taken into house arrest in 1996, when six men were sentenced to up to 14 years in jail for mounting an armed attack on Israeli targets in Lebanon. It became a splinter group of Hezbollah in mid-2002, and was brought back to the fold in 2005. The group's main commander, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, who in 2000 was captured and killed by Israeli forces, was later restored to the post of commander-in-chief. In a 2008 speech to the United Nations, Fadlallah predicted that Iraq would overrun Syria. Hezbollah leaders said they intend to carry out Saturday's announcement -- including planning for an attack at Obama's "request," according to CNN affiliate WAFA -- and have vowed to do what is necessary to halt a political takeover of the Middle East by an alliance led by the United States. In March, their party sent out a public appeal for a demonstration at Washington's World Trade Center on the same day that asked "whose country will target us first?" It was not immediately clear whether it included Washington. Hezbollah loyalists have said both strategies are necessary. "Whoever meets with Hamas and Hezbollah in the next few months, they will be questioned on whether they participate in the security operations authorized by the (United Nations), who will assist us in any case or not, according to the group's leadership," said Imam Ali Hassan, a spokesman for the group. CNN's Luca Quaig contributed to this report.
JALOZAI REFUGEE CAMP, Pakistan (CNN) -- It's an exodus on an almost biblical scale. And it has produced a mosaic of plastic and canvas that is now home to more than 93,000 people -- with more arriving each day.|||The staggering total represents an estimated 11 million undocumented Indian children, most of whom will travel from southern India to the Pakistani border. To find work, if not just the work itself, they will visit their family, should find work, will visit hospitals and will be dumped into homes, without even a place to live. And this is where "Jalozai," the refugee camp, started in April 2009. It sits on Pakistan's border with India at its southwest border and has become a hub for tens of thousands of immigrants and refugees. Nearly from every corner of Pakistan, hundreds of illegal immigrants travel through the porous trail that leads from the Jhelum Valley into northwestern Pakistan to the border with India -- where police officers and soldiers make sure most of them make their way through their legal status. Even then, they get killed on the way. There is a video of an Indian being murdered in Pakistan. And to find shelter, kids must find work. Experts who run the camp have pinpointed nine of those who've been killed on their way through. More than half have been Central Asian, while the remaining are Central Asian, who speak Hindi. Some have been caught in internal security checkpoints set up by Pakistan. To establish the residency status for the families who do not have the required paperwork, they pass a five-point question-and-answer system. They are eligible for visas for asylum in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Pakistan and Britain, though if they have rejected the residency, they cannot travel on to other countries. As the law of the land allows, if a person refuses to go through the consular station, he or she can be deported immediately. So far, however, each official has said he or she is ready to accept anyone with an ID.
(CNN) -- One week after Edvard Munch's "The Scream" shattered art auction records, Mark Rothko's "Orange, Red, Yellow" has broken the price ceiling for a work of contemporary art.|||The painting, completed in 1915, is estimated to cost between $1 million to $2 million. The sale is being held by Westmoreland Auction House in Baltimore, Maryland. Rothko is returning home to California, where he is investing in a new art center to inspire young generations to create their own works of art. "Orange, Red, Yellow" is a masterpiece, but it will never be the same as his work with words on its surface, which commands prices almost at an auction house's going rate. The seller chose the unfinished "Gazelle" instead. The artist's ex-wife wrote in a foreword in February that this particular painting "makes me hesitate to return to painting because of its old-fashioned moral meaning. Or for fear that if it is at all restored, it might be ruined. " I will always treasure this work and that I am thankful to Mark Rothko for showing me such a beautiful beginning. I hope one day to see this work so magnificent again when I have enough money and when I am ready." In 2005, Rothko received a $5 million prize at the Paris Salon. In 2007, he sold over 220 works in art for a total of $210 million. According to the auction house, Rothko's most recent auction price was $31.8 million, a spokesman said Friday. There were two previous sales of Rothko's works in 1997 for $27 million.
College Park, Maryland (CNN) -- In his hectic, noisy laboratory at the University of Maryland, Michael Pecht is wary when it comes to assessing whether Toyota's suggested repair of sticky gas pedals will have any real impact.|||Engineers perform their own tests on a new Toyota Tundra supercharger. A turbocharger lets the steam out of the gas pedal, forcing the brake motion even more quickly, Pecht said. The problem is, several mechanics brought the safety product to him after Toyota had failed to spot that the pedal and brake pedals smell when they're wet -- a chewed-up, furry blob that's wet, and inflates and bursts away when otherwise damp brakes are pressed into the control surfaces. A combination of wet muscles and bad brakes combined to make the valves "issue a brown bulging yellow," Pecht said. "If I could fix it, then I would really care to know. But mechanical people need to know that the operating principle is that the pedal is wet, but if the motor isn't, the pedal won't work." So Pecht wanted to safely test the Motoren Pro Engineering department in the lab's zero- and 150-degree heat chamber, and measured the speed of the brake pedal's response from P100 to a high speed of speed when the brake pedal was off balance. Even then, he wanted to make sure there was still enough energy remaining to get the pedal into the acceleration position. The problem, Pecht said, was making the car brake part painful and the brake pedal into the brake pedal. Though the vehicle on the test track is idle, he still tries to mark times when the setting has been hit, according to WFFI.com. Pecht works on another Corvette test vehicle in his car yard at the hospital, which has an internal investigation underway by the Leesburg (Virginia) Police Department. Toyota is working on road testing for its idea of repairing sticky gas pedals, which can occur as airbags are deployed. Drivers get 'sensation' when braking or starting the vehicle and a sticky gas pedal surfaces against the bottom of the gas pedal, Pecht said. "It's a waxy tap or a sticky gas pedal that emits a lot of oil," he added, "but the car is clean and the car is sound. So I don't have any problem." With the leaking, sticky back and front door pads, Pecht thinks it is a good idea to spray paint another type of paint on the pedal inside the car, including the base of the brake pedal. This car will only need this treatment for two to five years, but Pecht said the results, if any, are "extremely bad."
(CNN) -- Fifteen years ago, representatives from every nation came together to voice one common goal: to advance the global status of women in the spirit of equality.|||Human Rights Day will mark the 15th anniversary of the creation of the "Women's World Forum" in 2000. It will also mark the beginning of the International Day of Solidarity with Women -- the 15th of a series of international, global events which honor the liberation of women who have lived through the war on terror. "This day to mark the beginning of the year when 30 million women are liberated every year on this Earth," according to Bishop Essan Mazem in Bahrain. "We have already started the healing process and we can achieve this miracle by seeing that women as actors in justice -- as educators, doctors and midwives, as consumers. And that their voices and their ideas are heard by the global community, by the nations and by the international community." The Gender Justice initiative was first proposed by Prime Minister and Amnesty International representative Nadia Razzaq in 2001. Three years later, France made the same call for a common law for all women. According to Mazem, the goal will be reached by 2022, "just a year after the World Health Assembly meets." The People's Republic of Uganda also went ahead with the initiative. The international gender justice movement started in 2007.
(CNN) -- Forget shoot-em-up addicts -- video games are reaching out to the rest of us.|||The games pioneers have discovered the consequences that are caused by unrelenting gamers playing video games on the go, devices like the Xbox 360. What they have discovered is that gamers must come first. It is not a small achievement for such an ambitious team. But they are channelling this philosophy into video games that will appeal to a broad range of players. This means adding new genres of games to the mix. Experiential but not totally deviant. See what else we've learned when we've scoped out the games and at WIRED ... What seems to be the most delightful thing about the "Love Games" phenomenon? Erotica. Fun. Electronic erotica. The hashtag is #gamer with es! #Gamewithwards. Tell us about the video game that doesn't suck.
(CNN) -- It's at least as welcome as a warm face towel or the ping of the seatbelt sign going off: A beautiful view as you land.|||The wings cover a large overpass carrying a plane from South Carolina to Atlanta. The passenger cabin is fitted with packed sleeping bags for extra space, with bags sitting in the back of the hotel's double-decker sleeping bags. If you're lucky, the hotel offers plenty of extra space on the seats -- up to nine, in most cases. And usually the bathroom is bigger than both sides of the women's changing room, which is one of the first empty stalls when the men come out of the hotel. They're from Princess Cruises, by which I mean the owners. They've given up their huge guest rooms and are making a big push to sell small cabanas throughout the world. The company's CaringThink system also lets passengers sleep in their suitcases, and keeps them lit on all sides. You don't need to worry about your own clothes after midnight, the company says. And the driver is always on time -- so if you get a momentary flutter, you can ignore it and pretend to be sleeping well. Not so for the passengers: One Washington State flight landed while there was a foggy, see-through version of the flight being recorded by the flight pilot on the flight's flight data recorder. It was the only time the plane was moving in the dark and landed on its side. Instead of the plane taxiing, it was on the tarmac of a lush green airport, with a gorgeous view of the lush green skies in the distance. The passengers' new view is even better -- every time: landing on beaches, shopping, food and booze. The only airport in North America that doesn't do that is Gander (Co-Operative) and it doesn't come cheap. The airlines that do are paying for the private jet, the airline told CNN. Credit, Travel + Leisure.
(CNN) -- Apple on Wednesday said it would cut the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display while simultaneously updating it with faster processors.|||Apple announced the MacBook Pro at a product event in China. Its overall sale has been tabled until November 17. But last week, Apple priced a few Macs at $1,130, $1,200 and $1,400, respectively, the company said. Still in need of an updated processor for the new MacBook Pro, the company pushed out prices for six other Macs at price points higher on Wednesday: MacBook Pro, Mac mini, MacBook Pro, Mac Mini and iPus. All of these computers will have the same Retina Display, high-resolution graphics and a revamped kick-start rate that's unique to them. "The price will be lowered on the first 64-bit processor," Apple said at its event in China. The online store's price has remained unchanged. Apple is making the Apple Pay Store a virtual alternative to the Walmart Cash App. The Apple Store also began accepting cards Wednesday to send money to Apple. You can get that e-mail address at no charge. The Apple Store is not currently a part of the Apple Web site and links to existing site pages are limited to certain days only. A list of Apple's physical and Web store locations.
(EW.com) -- Two weeks ago, EW premiered the trailer for Nickelodeon's reboot of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series, and now we've got some more exclusive information for you: The children's cable network will premiere the show on Saturday, Sept. 29 at 11 a.m. in a one-hour special event. Nickelodeon will officially announce the premiere date on the network on Saturday.|||Nickelodeon.com exclusively revealed the premiere date, set for September 29, 2011. Watch the first official trailer above to find out more. HERE's the link to EW's exclusive Guide to Nickelodeon's TV Shows. Be sure to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to stay up-to-date on all the latest show announcements! (Scroll down to enter your e-mail address to not miss a story.) Check out the EW Guide to TV Shows! to learn what we're talking about and get the full scoop on what's coming up on all the latest TV shows. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly or sign up for our FREE daily e-Edition. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- It did not happen when the top job opened up at the International Monetary Fund: Christine Lagarde of France won out over candidates such as Mexico's Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens, who put up a good fight.|||Lagarde, 71, narrowly trailed Carstens, 74, at the 2012 IMF-World Bank annual meeting in San Francisco, California, but Lagarde still beat out the other candidates to succeed American Finance Secretary Gary Gensler, whose term ends in 2015. Both men are publicly known for their record setting under the Reagan administration, where they both come from. On Tuesday, the U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and his Secretary, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, were awarded top job director and deputy director positions at the IMF, respectively. Candidates Fernando Cabrera, chairman of the board, lost a heavily fought challenge from Michael Crawford, director of the National Economic Council of the United States, and Jeremy Gray, president of the International Chamber of Commerce, won both the deputy director and director positions. Gensler won elections last December over Brazilian Finance Minister Alfredo Molina, who won the chairmanship when he stepped down after less than a year in the position. Gray retained the director position, earning favorable terms in the medium term. And this year's development funds collected over $60 million under the Gensler program, as well as $10 million from the International Monetary Fund. They can continue to win fees at the IMF. The report is expected to include more details on what the fees are. Sunday the Board of Directors will decide whether to award the permanent head of the IMF position to an American or a non-American nominee. Gensler, who led the Gensler program at the IMF during his 10 years at the helm, will receive the amount based on the number of governance positions the United States and other partners handed to the International Monetary Fund. Carter's widow Carla assembled the group to talk to the board, and nearly 80 members are expected to attend at the final meeting after September 30. Gensler and Garcia are the group's non-executive chairman and CEOs, respectively.
Like nearly everything else Clinton-related this week, Hillary Clinton's convention speech remained a question mark until the last minute.|||Like a number of Hillary Clinton campaign officials, Sanders has begged and pleaded for the convention to let delegates "defend" his record. The San Antonio Democrat has pledged to use every advantage he can get to make this happen, as well as his plans to have former President Barack Obama be his running mate. In a video, he says: "I do trust the delegates." A spokesman for the State Department said that Sanders would have been happy to simply give his best if he'd felt comfortable with his own performance during the debate on Wednesday night. Sanders, in his own tweet, urged delegates to attend the debate as a Democratic majority. "The Convention must proceed in the spirit that defined the voters on Election Day, separating clear disparities in outcomes from support for candidate Clinton in this race," he said. His supporters hope that high turnout in the September 7th primary will change the narrative of the race. Key to Hillary Clinton's success at the convention is that, unlike on Tuesday, Clinton is expected to nominate her delegates with a simple majority at the convention. All vice presidential nominees have to get nearly 50% of the delegates. In the past, there have been several elections where delegates, not delegates, have elected the nominees, and in some instances that has led to an increased convention cost. Convention conventions are purely about opinions, even on many of the simplest things. The 84 delegates will vote this year, and the Democratic National Committee will not have to share the votes with candidates. The public approval process -- which cannot be pressured from the people involved because it is proprietary information -- typically favors the Democrats, and California doesn't have it. Common sense lends itself well to why Sanders is approaching Clinton with high confidence. Opponents, meanwhile, have argued that the Sanders campaign is unable to effectively gain the support of the delegates. Such complaints have sometimes led to some of the disputes that divide these campaigns into different camps. Democrats will not even let Clinton "use her position as our nominee to a favorable campaign narrative," as reported earlier this week in The Washington Post. They are also opposed to her, in part, over comments critical of the economic policies supported by the Affordable Care Act. In the final days of the debate, Sanders and his supporters will make a final push to keep members away from Clinton. In a video titled "Let's forget She's Going To Win This Election," they include a sign of the convention's future: "Let's NOT let her win." Sanders will, of course, win. He'll eventually be allowed to go and deliver his speech. "It's time for Bernie Sanders to figure out the rest of this election process," he said. "I think he's done an excellent job." Watch Clinton debate performance: CNN's Stephen Colbert promises to bring the #AtClinton debate to its audience. CNN's Deirdre Walsh reports from Washington.
LONDON, England (CNN)  -- A wicked opportunity is brewing at Wookey Hole Caves in western England.|||LPSO: Ou2 stands for 'ongoing nuclear emergency' (); 100% be able to work on tests prior to placing them in place. "If you used nonstop air while underground you might end up with a critical condition like carbon monoxide poisoning," says Dawn Polke, of the Cave Rescue Network, who led the team's initial excavation. "And we had no tools so we had to invent tools." Voie Spysby, of the Cofounders University of Oxford, has been awaiting eight months to plan the next steps in the field. He's working with a team of 30 colleagues from various levels of engineering, according to the Cofounders University of Oxford. "These are researchers who work in caves and on their papers," he says. "In Wookey Hole, they use bedrock from limestone beds -- over 25 million years old. The limestone beds are filled with lobelia, cowstones and lead ore." During investigations, the team is hoping to find hidden robots that could help scientists capture the historical universe.
(CNN) -- Mark David Chapman, the man convicted of killing former Beatle John Lennon, has been denied parole for a seventh time, according to the New York Department of Corrections.|||He is the most-arrested prisoner in state history, for killing a major American celebrity. Chapman will be released May 18. He had previously been refused parole nine times. In 2007, the parole board voted unanimously in favor of parole for him, in response to a recommendation by Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Judge Elihu Berrigan. Chapman's first term began in 1983. His 1994 and 1995 tries ended in similar acrimony. Chapman's most-attested plea was revoked in 1994 because of new DNA evidence linking him to a white supremacist organization. But the conviction of single-homicide "killings" was upheld by a jury. In 1995, he also was acquitted in a high-profile sentencing ceremony following a hearing charged with 20 counts of first-degree murder. He was sentenced to life without parole.
London (CNN) -- Pakistani girls' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai, who has found international fame since being shot by Taliban militants last year, met with another icon Friday: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II.|||She gave Pakistan, the only Muslim majority nation to offer its permission for education to Muslims in the country, a letter on which she apologized for the death of King Hamza and gave the country a callout to young girls. Yousafzai described the violence against young Pakistanis as "an act of terrorism and genocide." The attack resulted in the death of two activists who sought to protect Yousafzai, according to a statement released by the Pakistan government. The Pakistani government doesn't believe the Taliban organization is responsible for her death. Read more: No Saudis for ISIS. It was not the first attack on a Malala Yousafzai, the bodyguards said. "She was probably facing a future where she would have lost her life," said Salman Kaur Khawaja, speaking on Friday. A little over two months ago, the Pakistani Taliban killed Malala's parents and two brothers, a spokesman for the group said. One father, Gammy Ghosh, resigned a day later. On Friday, Yousafzai also met with journalists from five countries, two of them British -- to talk about "many topics that have come up in the last few weeks." "I want to continue doing good for the education of Pakistanis, especially for the young girls and especially for the girls who want to study and pursue an education. I want to tell them that I hope we can be a role model for those, who are disadvantaged and are unwilling to study," Yousafzai said after a news conference. CNN's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- They were fathers and daughters, tycoons and spiritualists, Westerners and Asians, who were in Mumbai for different reasons. But they met the same fate in the indiscriminate path of gunfire and explosions in a string of terror attacks across the Indian city this week.|||"She ran away from her daycare," Vivekanand Muserjee told CNN. "She ran toward a two-story building with a bathroom -- hoping, of course, that the door she ran into had just been locked from the inside. The door exploded and she was killed instantly." The attack on India's busiest travel hub, which is frequented by families and business leaders, and icons including British prime minister Mahatma Gandhi, hardliners from Indian opposition parties and black-hat fringe groups targeted Pakistan's baghdad district, Shahjahanabad. It was just one of a string of shootings in the area of the past two days that targeted Muslim-owned businesses and innocent civilians. Militants attacked Shia-run stores, alleged Saudi Arabian military camps, popular gambling parlors and restaurants. They attacked restaurants, restaurants and theaters that would typically attract their clientele and customers from other parts of the world. Many of the targets were innocent, he said. For instance, the killings of two Saudi Arabian citizens in an attempt to get more money from the government took place because of their Pakistani connections, and that has been traced back to 2008. Another attack on a hairdresser in central Mumbai, which started Sunday night, targeted female customers at a leading beauty salon. The shootings struck both sexes. Muscular men sexually assaulted foreigners, and women were tortured and gagged to pressure them into having sex with Muslim men. Women only cannot look at girls without looking down their noses. These crimes have their own history, and for that reason remain unsolved. But this time the violence may have left one individuated community. Many of those who were there can only wonder and feel upset at what happened to a small, tightly-knit community that was otherwise not even on their radar screen. Most of the victims had not yet heard of the May Day sardars. But that was short-lived: a majority of the 43,500 protesters were identified Thursday night. The protest follows a wave of violence and rioting that began Tuesday when news of a new kind of steel fence, set up to protect pedestrians and restaurants, finally went up across the city. Instead, as debris and trash piled up along traffic barricades, the protestors started to act. Millions of people were left homeless or in need of humanitarian assistance. But the magnitude of human suffering in Mumbai will likely top all others in the world's least developed nations. Opinion: Mumbai attacks reflect who is truly dangerous. Is India ready to fight back? Bloomberg's Nalin Shah in Mumbai visited local leaders Thursday. There are signs of healing. CNN's Kamal singh reported from the Davidos conference.
(CNN) -- Chad Dickerson's shoulder bag is made out of an old bomber jacket, sewn together by a craftsman in Germany. Out of it he pulls a few of his favorite things - a linen laptop case, and a travel document holder made from Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line" album cover.|||Dickerson said the inspiration for the bag came when he was cleaning out his car in February and the jeans he had was in it too. He also found a pistol from his belongings and went online to find people who could make something out of old clothes and rubber bands, people who could produce clothing that would look like they belonged to him, people with real dreams for the future, and some who had similar ideas. Here's how he did it. After drying the leather bags in his car, the singer decided to put them into a nice jar. And here are a few of the perks: A little further up in his leather bag is the bottle of Man's Best Cash (real name Johnny Cash), baggy green jeans with a flourish, and cap made of a 16-ounce slug of Schlitz beer. Dickerson also found a 10-year-old photograph of himself holding a small pocket watch. "This is cool," the band started laughing. "It's really great. We bought this so that some day when we needed it, we could at least have it." The recording crew even put some of the old photos in a separate washboard so the next time they were going to have a car they could just wash them in the washer and dry it. Meanwhile, the other room holds the customized alexis ST (Real English name Alec Stewart) pocket watch, the tiny post-it notes that told why it was made, a cash box with Penny Lane's credit card number and the videos of comedian Ricky Cambridge cheating in his World Series, and a low-budget basketball slam video. Also, Dickerson's drum set is full of little tweaks that keep his music flowing for long distances.
(CNN) -- I have so few images of myself as a baby that 30 years ago, when I first picked up a camera, I never could have imagined that my imagery of other babies would resonate around the world.|||Young stars sought after to represent the overwhelming appreciation people have for the extraordinary and awe-inspiring beauty of their children. Look no further than the cameras in President Obama's eyes when he attended the 2004 Golden Globes as part of the red carpet event for the Gala. Beauty is a beauty that can be invisible to many. In this year's inaugural issue of Entertainment Weekly magazine, adults share their favorite pictures from their baby lives. Women post their favorite images of babies -- not just younger children but grown ones, too. My sister, who is 32, took these iconic images of herself -- rather than trying to impart on these children her own delight and bright vision and beauty. Her pictures have attracted interest from all corners of the world. She became popular in more than 100 countries. One of the images in today's issue showed a brown baby girl, not unlike myself, with a full head of dark hair. The photographer was Lee Highers, a friend from the neighborhood. He noted that she always seemed to have a lot to smile about in her photo -- and he was right about this. He took me on a trip to California, including a visit to his home. By age 15, he started taking similar images of me and showed them to his family. It was then that I was introduced to photography and began searching for best "baby style" images of me. Once I had access to a reasonable amount of good photography, I started putting together my images, which ended up in magazines, websites, printouts, booklets, etc. I thought I would be famous for the images I took of myself with a wide-ranging array of clothing. I even had a mannequin named Les Renard (don't ask me who she is). The only thing that was missing were what his picture stood for: "a soldier." There were some black and white shots of him where he stood with a blue mohawk and blond hair, while some were in placeings with more gold jewelry. He wore the perfect khaki jeans and pants with a long neck and a tie, and the perfect top. For Brownie, this summer's image was an opportunity for her to walk out of the car and pose in fashion with her mom, Leila Begueling. She also chose classic silver dress, and matching shoes with a custom design by My.Flicka Designs, a designer in London, England. Claire LeBlanc designed the dress, and Pierre Adam, an Old Navy designer, designed the shoes. Both design your own pair of shoes. Many other designers share the same creative taste. The most important piece of personal clothing I have ever designed has ended up being the dresses I designed for Beyonce -- because I thought the style of the dresses and the way she wore them fit better with them, than if my shoes would have. I just love the difference. Related: Here are 17 Super Bowl pieces. New rules for design for the NFL.
(CNN) -- Torrential rainfall unleashed flooding and spawned a rare tornado warning in California on Tuesday as a series of storms moved through, with more expected Wednesday and Thursday.|||Heather Surf was in the pool Monday night in Bakersfield, where water authorities were worried it could overflow the Freshwater Dam, into the North River in Los Angeles, where the water level is already a record low, the National Weather Service said. Heavy rain was falling overnight Tuesday in Santa Barbara and other parts of the Northern California state, with the Riverside Ranch National Forest inundated, said Forrest Langworthy, a spokesman for the California Department of Public Works. He said Santa Barbara County had just received more than 3.5 inches of rain. Light rain in the area was causing minor ponding, the NWS said. Elsewhere in the region, severe storms were predicted Wednesday and Thursday.
(CNN) -- The taxi rocked to the pounding sounds of French rap music.|||The plakette car had two rows of seats occupied; the other two chairs were filled with customers, their legs crossed over the top of each other. "Check ass check check ass check check," the cabbie shouted through the soundproof partition. The punk music started running in earnest. The headcabbie's plakette had a flashing light on it and raised the rear bumper to show off all the wheels. In the rear we could hear speaking, police cars, valet drivers, and someone tending to the fare arrangement. This was the fastest I have driven a music driven Cabriolet in Paris, police said. I'm not here for the cash, I'm here for the people. Even then we're not. "People are getting furious at the world, the music, and even the attitudes of the drivers and the people," said the driver, Sara. "I'm willing to take them wherever they may take me." That is also the mentality and customs of the country. There is no drinking in the cab until 1:30 a.m. every morning, parking is free, and the driver must maintain a very clear message that the driver has no drug license. Hooters Italia was full on Friday, according to police. "After the clubs closed, everyone was out on the streets with little ferris wheelers and dancing," said Ginec, an officer. A handful of people were arrested, but those were put in protective custody until the next morning.
(CNN)  -- Sudan on Tuesday signed a framework peace accord with rebels from the nation's volatile Darfur region, state media reported.|||"The Sudanese unity government, the armed forces, the people and non-governmental organizations have signed an agreement to cease all violent activities in Darfur and withdrew from Darfur so that peace can be established in the region and begin to develop again," the state-run Sudan News Agency (SANA) reported. The cease-fire, signed by Sudan's transitional government and armed opposition groups, followed intense fighting between government troops and rebel forces on May 5 at a grave site in Darfur. The rebel group, al-Shabaab, on Monday had attacked the offices of the Sudanese opposition chief, Hawaie Darrfur, the agency reported. Both parties were wounded, SANA said. Mohamed Abdulkadir Mohamed, a senior member of the rebel group, was shot and killed on Sunday as al Qaeda-linked figures in his camp were trying to escape. President Omar al-Bashir appointed Omar Ahmed to run Darfur on Tuesday. The rebel chief declared an end to attacks against state facilities, according to the agency, and freed other prisoners from inside the rebel camps. The department said Al-Shabaab, known to the world as al Qaeda, is also accused of planning to assassinate Bashir. A group representing al Qaeda in Darfur in June carried out execution-style stings in the town and village of Mazel Damal, according to CNN's Mohamed Khalid. Al-Bashir's spokesman, Babak Assawi, said the parties had agreed to cease all military activities. "The army will leave Darfur because they realize that it is beyond saving and will move on to other things," Assawi said. The Sudanese army is still active in parts of Darfur, while the rebels still have a viable arm, according to both the agency and the U.N. However, as previously reported, it has been targeted by al Qaeda and other Islamist groups. Freedom House in Washington opposes the deal.
(CNN)  -- World number two Novak Djokovic extended his winning run in 2011 to 27 matches with a 7-6 6-2 win over Spain's Feliciano Lopez to win the Serbia Open in Belgrade Sunday.|||He knocked out Jeremy Chardy in his opening match and raced into a 6-0 lead against Russia's Guillaume Muller before concluding the match with a 7-6 6-3 victory to take out his first ATP title, his fourth in the tournament and first since 2007. The Northern Irishman closed out his career tour with the four-time grand slam champion, but unlike previous matches he has had no complaints after he double-faulted on the second match point in the next one as he was pegged back a couple of times in the second set and lost his chance for the match. Lopez, another Spaniard and Asian player with nine career finals wins to his name, went on to defeat fellow countryman Tomas Berdych 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-4 to move level with Djokovic in the competition standings with one point still to go. Djokovic's comprehensive dominance was continued in a semi-final clash with eventual winner David Ferrer of Sweden in the rain-affected final. Djokovic, who had been pummeled by Berdych in the first, forced him to rally past the World No. 12 in the semi-finals to claim his third trophy in as many days. And it was disaster-packed as Djokovic gave the world No. 2 a heartening final against a man he had considered to be a potential Grand Slam champion three years ago. But Djokovic edged to within one game of master-classing the late-match duel with Berdych, taking a lead with a fierce backhand to the net that he held until Berdych twice whined, "Die boulevard! Die boulevard!" Don't forget that Berdych slammed Djokovic during the decision as a killer shot. "This partnership has finally ended," said Berdych of one of the most famous matches ever played at the grand slams, a passage he has used in the past year when he finished runner-up to Djokovic and Philipp Kohlschreiber in the U.S. Open. "In the end I learned, if this match cannot go the distance today, I won't be able to. And the players were apart of that tonight. And for that we'll just have to keep on playing our best." Jonathan Marrot, Djokovic's 21-year-old assistant, took the lead with a break in the opening game as it gave the Serbian his first win of the match. The 0.8-meter Berdych broke in the second game to level the match and went on to claim the opening set and hold his next four games to clinch victory from five. Lopez started the second set in the equal position and was sent out on court in the third, eventually pulling to 4-1. The break with 20 minutes remaining saw Berdych secure a surprise 5-4 lead, but Lopez fought back to claim the game with straight-asides, which served up a forehand into the net. "I thought I played excellent and for the most part I didn't look outside. I guess I'm surprised, but at the same time I felt good again today. I had confidence coming into the match and I was confident of my performance. But today I really had to make the right adjustments," he said. "Once I made the changes, it didn't really faze me, because I felt good going into the match I think, and even though today I had to make some mistakes I felt better and better from the moment I started playing. "But I went on to get what I had been playing." Berdych dominated his match throughout. "Today I had the confidence that I had the game. And I knew that I could play at a high level to win matches. "But it's amazing how one set in Belgrade can change the course of a tennis match. You never know what can happen in one set, you know that when there's four match points, you can play with a different sense of rhythm. "Now I just have to go out there, play my best tennis, have the focus, focus completely on every shot, you know that you are going to win." Beating Djokovic was the only trophy match in a difficult three-hour duel, but Djokovic showed great class to get to a seventh, 17-minute duel with Berdych. He remained calm throughout the match, maintaining his composure in a match where Berdych struggled. Berdych also won the first five games. "That's two three-set matches in the first week," he said. "I started losing my rhythm, but then I did get into a rhythm. "After that it was a really nice win. I'm a little disappointed with my ball stroke. I had some great moments in the second set and I finished the match very quickly. "You're a great player. I'm very proud of my chances of winning. It's another title match. "
(RS.com) -- Neil Young has filed for divorce from Pegi Young, his wife of 36 years and frequent musical collaborator.|||Neil Young files for divorce in 2000. Young has been married to Peggy Young for 25 years. They have two children, Mary Christ and Heather Chastain. Young's previous marriage was to record-in-progress rocker Carter Burwell. He ended his marriage to Garner Vinson in February 2005 after a three-year marriage. Since bringing the outlaw country music songwriter and most recent gold and platinum recording by his band from Seattle into the Christian Church in 1999, Young has had numerous covers on his new album, Music From The Heart, which is released this weekend from Capitol Records.
(CNN) -- With the third season of "Games of Thrones" under way on HBO, series star Kit Harington opens up to Glamour magazine about what to expect from his character, Jon Snow.|||In the absence of sex, Jon Snow plans to just rest after going into the bathroom and learning the Christmas story in the snowy Yorkshire town of 'Torytse, which has a freeze pipe delicately poised above a standing ice-free stream. The show will be set in the aftermath of the 2011 Winter Storm, which claimed the lives of 13 characters, including Mormont and Esteves ("Adrian") -- who are brothers on the Iron Throne, after a sort of political crossroads. If Father Greyjoy does what we see him do, Jon Snow will be dressed in the shadow of the Iron Throne in the sea of ice. His appearance as Obeying Dragon would inspire some of the powerful wizards at the Wall, particularly when rivers were turned into ponds and become dangerously icy. Jon turns out to have a sissy-obsessive temper. The type that puts on a wig, blanket and even tries to stuff under her top. He is also a vegetarian -- the "Sweet Girl" actress sports the outfit. "It was meant for a wolf," she said. In the real life, Jon packs plenty of ingredients like Granny Smith apples for his traditional vegan meals, namely as ginger. He also knows how to use butter -- and of course the recipe is best if used on salmon. "So, those fingers are the coolest when you're making that salmon, the ones that you might be using to put your hips in all those pies and things like that," he said. "It's so soft." King of the ice. A move to the red dragon is spring, bringing icy skies. But Jon's departure from the Northern kingdom of Winterfell in the season two finale showed that there was no need to rush everything, as the actual actual ice storm was definitely less than ideal, and the queen's lightning was real and difficult to come by. "The whole other part of the winter had actually been milder," he explained. "It was cold on the inside, but outside was not so bad, but we did see a very bright blue, if you want to call it that." The missing teeth. Jon's most notable catchphrase in season three: I spill nunchak, "Nuff said," which may be "woe is me" and "may I have a moment?" In the event, Jon can't waste any water, but he claims to have to use the toilet as well. "I did not have to use the toilet because I had found a whole bottle of hot milk, which I put some in there. And then I couldn't find an orange, which makes no sense, because it's not like you want to put any sugar in your drink," he said. "I didn't use a glass of juice or a coffee." The season four episode, "Starving Summer," was filmed between 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. ET. A package from a Sydney bagel shop, "Sweet Banana," delivers the goods to the balcony on the first day of shooting, according to The New York Times, which included footage from the scene with Madonna.
(CNN) -- California Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor ruled Thursday that two autopsy photos of Michael Jackson can be submitted as evidence during the upcoming trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, a person inside the courtroom told CNN.|||Judge Michael Pastor said one photo must be analyzed before the other is considered relevant, CNN's Jonathan Nathan reported. CNN's Robert Koehler, Jen Burgin and Mikki Jean contributed to this report. © 2009 CNN. All rights reserved.
It's a tied race between two unpopular men.|||The Senate race has moved to the final nomination stage, with Brent Clifford and John Randle vying for the position of foreign minister. People were critical of the president's own appointment, which put a greater focus on Hillary Clinton's recent "precedent" quandary. The race has been keenly watched, with Parliament "fairly reserved" on its announcement of the candidate for Australia, Queensland and the Northwest Territories. Each side is worried the Democrats will pick up enough votes to topple the outgoing President. Rod Sims, who is on the Democratic senatorial ticket, believes the Senate Race with Cortney Fraser, particularly on the eligibility qualification, is close. "You make the right suggestion and somehow the good side of it won't be as strong," Sims said. Senators tend to indicate which Senators they prefer based on preference, with 2014 representing the upper rungs. But Sanders has pledged to take the preference from both of his opposition senators when the next term starts in 2016. Senator Randle cannot have the upper rung ahead of him. "My position is that the Senate Race has never been about the qualifications, the other issue is about the appointments. If you want to make the foreign policy decisions, Senate conventions and conventions should be your focus, not the preferences," he said. One of the most controversial decisions by Obama's administration over the past year was nominating Australian Foreign Minister Robert Kettler. This decision could have an impact on the Vietnam War when a British major party, the US Committee on Foreign Relations (CfF) asked to introduce their own candidates for the President's post, citing record consultation between foreign dignitaries with several Middle East nations. The Committee in August rejected a nominee from the GOP's member country of Mexico. President Barack Obama plans to nominate former US Attorney General John Ashcroft. There have been widespread calls for the recall of Carter, who was responsible for the killings in Namibia and Sri Lanka. The US Comptroller General says Carter was only trying to achieve his mission and any recalls against him are unlikely. Ashley's recall could be controversial. Some ask why, he responded, because of a 2013 Supreme Court ruling which struck down a law that has generally distinguished between self-defense and public security personnel. The Court said it was "inconsistent with the constitution of the United States" and found that the DOJ could not revoke such a recall. Under the Supreme Court judgment, the travel restrictions of the remaining 5% of American citizens who must register in the US could apply to any foreign nation. But they said this only if the requests were filed by natural persons. That's not exactly the case in this election. Twelve states, Australia's most populous state, Victoria, and more than 30 US states have already sent their senators back. The decision by the Federal Court left many people "slightly anxious" that they will not be getting their preferred choice this time. It is not a race between these two, according to Simmons, and yet they are moving towards their first major fights of their political lives. "Those races are starkly different. Clint is a strong conservative, John is an experienced senator. We both need to be able to carry out our positions and win decisively," Sen. Rob Kettler said. They seem almost as polar opposites as a convention of advocates in the U.S. Convention of States, which is where Buckley and Hillary Clinton moved their support. But not while they are still in office. "These opponents talk about taking them off the table," Brett said. "We are all losing our privilege and deciding to do something to open up the Senate." Perhaps that's exactly what he meant. On Tuesday, then, he blamed the loss of Brandis in the Senate to a coalitions, saying he was withdrawing their endorsement of the Governor-General. "It's too little too late for this race," Sen. Randle said. Brett, a volunteer at the Women's Centre with the Reagan Freedom Voters National Campaign, urged the Nationals to keep working on bringing back the Lodge. "The Republican Party and the General Assembly have finally decided to renew its coalition at a national level," Randle said. The President's personal annual advice and consent hearing comes up on Tuesday at the convention club. The tips of Senators' Association of Distinguished Women in Labor-President Jim Murray.
(CNN) -- Marcel Hirscher continued his red-hot streak with a stunning victory at the Moscow parallel slalom Tuesday.|||Hirscher finished one time behind American Hall of Famer American Steve Dowsett -- who holds the record for most consecutive wins in a Winter Games event at six -- to go second overall. Hirscher is from Austria and had never won a World Cup event until Tuesday. "In this event I had that crisp approach -- I was just sliding into the gate, as fast as possible. It was amazing," he said. "It has been a really great feeling. I've been coming here all year and I want to keep going and show what I can do, it was the perfect day." American Hall of Famer Steve Dowsett won the gold medal for silver in last year's race to add to his 2006 win. Alpine skiing has started the 2010 season with Alpine skiing and snowboard combined.
(CNN) -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he would step aside as the head of football's global governing body in 2015, if he wins the June 1 presidential ballot.|||Blatter took FIFA's call on Tuesday that he will step down as its president of football after 15 years -- the longest tenure in history. "I made a decision with FIFA leadership today," Blatter said at an event in Banmo, north of the U.S. capital. "Football is my life. This should be my last word for football. This is the solution that has worked in my country, and I intend to keep doing it as long as possible," the 55-year-old added. He said he faces no immediate succession challenge but will consider a run-off against former Arab statesmen Mohammed bin Hammam, who won the 2002 vote and Bahrain, who had won three of the previous four elections, or Qatar, who has lost twice. Both figures said they are now vying for the presidency. "We are well prepared for the event, and for a succession race should take place," they said in a joint statement. Bin Hammam expressed his readiness to stand, saying: "I would like the chance to lead Fifa into the future. I have always been committed to doing everything that I could to help and fulfill the most basic functions of the body. "I am certain in the future that it will be with all of you (candidates) that the new chief executive of FIFA will form the new executive committee." In May, following the resignation of European champion Germany, Blatter was re-elected as head of FIFA, and will remain there until FIFA's annual general meeting in 2015. He also remains head of the ruling International Federation of Football Associations. On Tuesday, the governing body launched a search for a new president. The race for president of Europe's governing body of national soccer clubs, which is dominated by Saudi Arabia and Iraq, is expected to begin soon. Blatter has been criticized for his refusal to rule out leading either his teams or national associations during his 18-year reign. The candidates are present at the FIFA congress, which gets under way on April 26, 2011, in Paris. Sepp Blatter and Patrice Evra, deputy head of FIFA's executive committee, will be among those candidates to speak out against his retirement on Friday.
The man accused of opening fire at a Seattle college had a fascination with school shootings, telling investigators he had once visited Columbine High School, a police source told CNN affiliate KIRO on Friday.|||Police have released little more information about Mason, who was taken into custody after opening fire at the University of Washington Thursday evening. Witnesses saw Mason in plain clothes, screaming and running to safety, said Seattle Police spokesman Dave Denny. The incident occurred as he was heading to the Pratt Student Center, and moments later, a female student returned him to the campus dormitory, Dennison told KIRO 6. A professor at Pratt urged her students to immediately return to campus, but authorities said nothing was to be done. She did not know what prompted the assault. Dennison didn't ask to leave but he was armed with a gun, a law enforcement source said. The man who was identified by his initials, MARK, as the suspect has remained in custody. Dean Andraychak, a professor at Pratt, told CNN affiliate KIRO 6 that he was being treated for his injuries.
ISIS militants are fighting Iraqi military and tribal forces close to the main government complex of Anbar province in the center of Ramadi, according to a local official there.|||The gunmen used several bombs, suicide bombers, rocket-propelled grenades and vehicles to attack Iraqi security forces, said Salva Massoud, a 24-year-old security official with the Iraqi military. The roadside bomb attack Sunday killed a commando sergeant, said Massoud. He said a suicide bomber is driving a vehicle known as a kulibat towards the government building. The car has penetrated 2 meters (6 feet) into the building, and there is a heavy fighting, he said. Several armored vehicles are also coming into the building. The officials added that the attacker has "used gas. He is spewing sarin," or a chemical agent, and is in serious condition. Massoud added that a female fighter was wounded when she was hit by a device. Watch: Iraqi security forces destroy an ISIS armored vehicle » The officers said the attack occurred in the Sariam Ewad district. But the violence in the Ramadi area came after two explosions, one of which took place Saturday night in Al Qaim. Tribal tribal officials said Saturday that the two bombs went off in the same location. They said they had to move back to their homes, and there were no civilians in the area. The explosions took place when a school bus that was a target of the militants tried to leave an area in which it had exploded. Sunni tribal officials said the attack that killed two of their sons was intended to target their jobs, according to Massoud. Kurdish tribal forces were also battling ISIS with gunmen, the officials said. A local tribal leader, Kadhim Shattati, said residents fled the area, al-Ashqili TV reported, citing shiites in Anbar. Another Sunni tribal chief, Ahmad Sheikh Ewa, said ISIS had prevented them from entering the town to cut the border with Iraq, as well as attack the town. "ISIS will not leave because (that) will not effect the security of Anbar," he said. "If you are in Anbar then you are in Anbar and you are sitting in an area. If you leave, you will be in the distance from Anbar." Some residents said ISIS fighters fired at security forces, or according to local activist Hawan Harb, at them as they were driving away, which resulted in clashes. The activists told CNN that families of the victims lived around the area. It is not clear if the civilians are family members of the militants. IS, which is the offshoot of the militant Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, has taken positions in this area of the country. In the interior, Iraqi security forces reported Friday that roughly 120 people have been killed. But troops have not told the families of those killed to leave. A U.S. military official told CNN that the fighting was likely in response to ISIS, not the presence of Iraqi security forces. Iraqi Kurdistan is the largest country in the country, which remains under a United Nations-led coalition. Forces have been attacking ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria, killing more than 700 people and capturing more than 1,800 others, according to news reports from last week. Two IS attacks have killed soldiers in Iraq, and two Saudi government officials in Yemen, according to Iraqi TV. [Iraq: The threat of ISIS is for all Iraqis] What forces and civilians need to plan to defend civilians and their assets is not very clear from where the fighting is taking place, said local security official Saad al-Ghebri, who commands the province's army and provincial units. "The main objective is to liberate civilians from all elements of ISIS and control the territory," he said. "The strategic objective is to liberate civilians and liberate Anbar," he said. An Iraq News Agency reported earlier that Iraq's Interior Ministry issued a call Friday for Iraqi forces to use force if necessary to protect civilians, and has been reported saying troops are training thousands of Sunni tribesmen to protect civilians from ISIS attack. "We are not here because there are terrorists but because there are lots of groups of people who want to defend themselves and our interests as Iraqis," the ministry said. "And our response is not to let these groups have a negative influence on our province but to let them have an international role in helping people protect themselves." Some military, security and tribal forces are already going into neighborhoods to clear Iraqi homes and businesses from ISIS, but security forces face sporadic attempts to stop Sunni fighters at least once since last month, the sources said.
(CNN) -- Earlier this week, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, agreed to a deal to fund the government past this November's elections. The deal leaves working out a budget up to the next Congress and provides funding for the federal government through March 2013, well beyond the presidential inauguration in January.|||Sen. Harry Reid and Speaker John Boehner have reached a deal that will keep the federal government open past November, despite the decision by Republicans not to show any public support. This is their third deal to pass a spending bill after the midterm elections. That bill also passed in the Democratic-led House in July, but is not final. It needed 60 votes before the Democrats could move to a floor vote. "Tonight is the day the Democrats and the Republicans joined forces and made a historic step together to protect our nation and reinvigorate the American economy and the American people," said Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, in a statement. Reid told reporters he has talked to Boehner. "Obviously, the president and I have agreed on a plan that gets our nation back on track with our commitment to our country's financial needs and provide a fiscal base to create a balanced budget," he said. No deal has been reached on any final agreement. The agreement reached Tuesday also addresses long-term funding of the government for social programs, which will have to be raised after next October's elections. The fiscal pact doesn't address the need for the government to stay in office beyond the end of 2012 or Obama's presidency, because of the financial crisis. Every fiscal year has the potential to result in a breakdown, with many states relying on temporary temporary assistance from the federal government, which is funded by federal programs such as food stamps, unemployment benefits and the federal government's Community Reinvestment Act. Under this budget, the former Virginia governor has nearly 1 trillion dollars in the bank to make cuts to spending and reduce long-term federal deficits. Republican Gov. Charlie Crist, who was removed by voters in 2013 after saying federal spending cuts must be made, endorsed a solution last month that includes cutting $1 trillion to "protect the beach and community," continuing the shutdown and providing a package of other deficit reduction and deficit reduction initiatives. But the setbacks have cost Republicans legislative support, particularly in Washington. "It will take more than a single congressional vote to get this legislation through the House to come to conference, but that could be the case," House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said on Tuesday. "Let's give Democrats a chance to take more initiatives. Let's give the American people a chance to get that fix, because, ultimately, they will have to do it themselves." "It's just good policy to make some adjustments, something that's overdue, but again nothing in this plan we've done is unconstitutional or inconsistent with American values," Rep. Robert Goodlatte, R-Virginia, said. CNN's Jason Linker and CNN's Dara Lind contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Russell Westbrook's impressive 43 points were not enough to end the Oklahoma City Thunder's losing streak in game four of this year's NBA finals.|||Oklahoma is currently on a 0-5 career playoff streak and a five game losing streak. Russell Westbrook leads the Thunder with 43 points. The NBA Finals ends in Salt Lake City. See Friday's game report. This year's NBA Finals will decide the Western Conference champion. The teams now meet again for the championship on Thursday and Friday, with a second game back in Oklahoma City starting on Sunday afternoon. But this time the Thunder will not continue the challenge. Oklahoma City is hoping to end the 11-game drought after the playoff began on Saturday night, as the Thunder have not won back-to-back games since they defeated the Boston Celtics in Game 1 and Game 3 of the Eastern Conference finals. Watch the best pictures from the NBA Finals »  Watch ESPN Now
Washington (CNN) -- When it comes to the trust Americans put in government, a new national poll indicates it's a matter of location, location, location.|||The new CNN/ORC poll found that 62 percent of white and 25 percent of Hispanic voters will cast their votes in elections for Congress. Puerto Ricans who prefer a Democratic president are no different from the American and Latino populations of say, Florida. But Americans of color are more likely to vote Republican or Democrat, and African Americans, Whites and Latinos are split in that category. Only about 4 percent of Obama voters said their votes would swing in favor of him over Romney, and African Americans are less likely to decide than White voters to go with Romney. The poll's findings are a flip-side of the historical trend of voters in other states supporting Republicans for president. The share of urban voters who think they can trust their own government is down over 20 points since 1980 -- a number that reflects the low confidence in electoral politics, especially with the looming fiscal cliff and federal budget concerns. However, especially with a midterm election coming in 2014, turnout has been increasing nationwide, which has allowed the White House to get more confident that they'll win the next presidential election. "Our focus on voter trust is much better than anything else. It's on delivering people the rights they want," said Larry Sabato, NORC's director, in a statement.
Rome (CNN) -- Missing: One small, round, golden container. Contents: The blood of the late, soon-to-be-canonized Pope John Paul II. If found, please notify Italian police and the church of San Pietro della Ienca.|||The pastor's message that "there will be a line drawn" before the missing container is read in full: "Please, if you can, contact the priest responsible for the distribution of the sacraments in your diocese. "You are invited to offer the poor and the guilty among you your sincere forgiveness of the decisions that have been made that way, especially about this sacramental item." The Holy Office of Populist Causes, the country's ecclesiastical body that houses the church and the pontiff, gave the message and asked for "the purification and acquittal of the vices committed in the exercise of the office." The vocation is important in the hearts of many worldwide religions, helping to pass on the message of the Bible to followers of Christ. A spokesman from the Public Affairs Office of Pope John Paul II called the missing contents "abominable, dangerous and unacceptable," according to his website. He added that it is something to be concerned about. "This sacramental substance is sacramental. Any breakdown in consecration is clearly unacceptable, especially in this case," the post said. It also noted that this type of object, which is considered to be a lost relic, could be expensive or ruined, and anyone already insuring the missing sacraments should not use it to keep them private. "Here is some more information: John Paul I was a very careful man with the things that belonged to him, but I must underscore that he left a terrible and unexplained wound," the post said. "The essence of the person he was and who he was, remains with his family, but this Catholic works in a very holy way to honor this terrible incident." It also says that the sacred substance, which is the type used by the ukulele-playing Pope John Paul, was given by the pope as a gift to the world's poor, under threat of torture, from the charismatic, morally-questioning Pontiff John XXIII who directed the Catholic Church's handling of the event. In 1992, Pope John XXIII was convicted of sexually abusing children in order to win the first woman's religious communion for her grandson. The Catholic Church said the Vatican launched a very secret search for the container on July 15, which it said found, among other things, the cellophane cover and the red rings with a greenish-red dot.
Nearly nine out of 10 people "stopped and frisked" under a controversial New York Police Department policy in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic.|||Nearly two-thirds of New York City's blacks and Hispanics have been targeted by police officers this year. Last year, New York police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly announced that federal law enforcement officers "will be ticketed" for profiling minorities in New York City and Boston. Police have been shown to react to stop-and-frisk requests with suspicion when encountering people "whitenessed" and a police report is filed. But an investigation by the New York Police Department found the racial profiling is unconscious. While some say racial profiling is discriminatory, the NYPD consistently finds it to be "reasonable," based on statistical analysis. This year, the NYPD black officer officer turned down his request to stop and frisk 47,000 times, the largest civilian waiver in the nation. And the school district said the policy is unconstitutional and violates civil rights. "According to their own data, there is no such requirement for racial profiling under New York State law," the NYPD said. The statistics for racial profiling in New York comes from 2012 numbers and interviews with the police department's black officers and the superintendent of schools. According to those interviews, 92 percent of the people asked if they were "wearing a New York City uniform" were white. The number dropped to 80 percent during 2014, the NYPD said in a report to community organizations. Why should New York Police put more emphasis on racial profiling? Kotel is based in Elkins Park, Brooklyn. His blog explores the clash between racial profiling and profiling and studies public perceptions of the two. His father Paul was a white police officer for more than 60 years before becoming a Republican congressman who opposed all of his department's practice of racially profiling New York police officers, all of whom were black, and all of whom became white. Now his data show the police department is creating divisions. On CNN earlier today, report Alex Karlin and Kristina Patterson reported on a study by the same public affairs firm. The study found that the use of "stop-and-frisk" was again racially profiled, with ethnic origins being higher than other factors. CNN staffers also asked readers in the comments of these stories if they thought the statistics presented by this report were accurate. We will update the story when we learn more.
(CNN) -- After less than a week at sea, the Vendee Globe single-handed round the world yacht race has lived up to its moniker as "the world's toughest race" -- with nearly a quarter of the field crashing out in the first few days.|||In the race for home nation Ireland, crowds and rivals swelled to nearly a quarter of a million as a three-week event concludes, with a total of 89 crew members of 909 members sent to round the world in 53 hours. Only one of those sailors managed to make it back to their ships -- that is, to their country, as the ship was being removed from the ocean on Sunday morning. Two of the 80 sailors from the home nation's fleet had, in all, departed by early Monday morning. Just three days later, seven members of a separate team made it back after having to abandon their boats. The fleet has since been splintered into six rival teams, with two groups of seven racing in every category. The races have to take place over three days, and first, both groups have to speed up to save their boats. Despite the three-day time difference in legs between the two teams, it was still relatively quick for the fleet -- up to 40 minutes or so, said Brian Banfield of the Irish Herald. In the last 24 hours on Sunday, the teams arrived at the break even in order to pass through traffic. "In the first 24 hours [the competitors] were on the track, they were staying under the weather of course, it was extremely tough, it was very windy," Banfield told reporters after the race, which started in the northern part of the UK on May 26. The last stage of the three day race, known as the Round the World Yacht Race, ends on May 27. The oldest yacht race has been held since 1904, which means that was not the time to have a three-day race. Unlike other races, which have swamped at the start, one has to stay steady throughout all that time. The first stage is based on speed and most tests of endurance, which were not lost to the fleet in the race's second stage of the race. So the three-day race is expected to end more than five months after the end. The race gets off to a great start on Tuesday morning -- with the start of the entire first day of the race in New Zealand, where England's Margret Barlow opened up the channel to New Zealand's opposition in the third stage of the race. "Everyone is floundering all the way out," Barlow said. "They're all sitting on the water in a bad way, and it's a pretty wide area."We're not that lucky so far. The problem is that once you get off to a start, it's really difficult to stay where you are," Barlow said. But everyone is trying, and they're all working as hard as they can, and they're all trying to put each other in control. "The talent and the courage and the determination and the willingness to keep on racing and to go the extra mile is what sets the standard."Some guys have put in their time before we ever asked them to do it, and it shows, and it really shows -- some guys have finished higher than others. But they've ended up out there when the time came, and some guys are proving, and ultimately it's not as difficult as it should be," Barlow added. The first day of the race went badly for the fleet. After that, the starters were sent back in orders, Barlow said, but there was no mention of leaving the fleet. "We had to be proactive and move on, and I just don't know the population when they got on board," Barlow said. "It was a late start and the rest of the fleet did not get a chance to go." But she added that the race did go well. "We were doing much faster than we should have had in the morning, and it is a good start to the course and we all really believe that it is going to be very good news." Although over the first 24 hours of the race, the team is yet to cross the finish line, it will take at least one hour after races have been scheduled. "It has been a battle, but I don't see how I can continue, and we will not give up." With the strongest crews in the world, the teams started with a resolve to win, according to Barlow. "We're now putting in a lot of effort and it's a long time, but we have to believe that the big chance is to beat everyone," she said. And with the best teams in the world and keep an eye on the current race in order to get back to the beginning. "We are still in the middle of the race, and I think we can do it, but I think it's extremely close." The first race, won by Team Gerrit Merritt, takes place on May 7. Here are the stats from the race. Total competitors scotland.com. "There is a team of 476, with 472 finished."
(CNN) -- At the start of the 2012 Formula One season, with a driver pairing that comprised of a virtual rookie and a former world champion who had been out of the sport for two years, little was expected of Lotus.|||But Nockyer has been accused of fixing the start of the season for the Frenchman, who has a long history with Lotus after joining the team from Ferrari last season. A reprimand to Nockyer's Lotus engineers was handed down at the Monaco circuit after a stewards' intervention by Sebastian Vettel, who took the lead of the championship in 2011, crashed. Lotus is currently three points behind Red Bull in the Constructors' World Championship. It starts the Brazilian Grand Prix as the fourth team of the season, with the reigning champions - Alex Lynn, Michael Schumacher and Ayrton Senna -- in the last. The incidents means that a second Red Bull car, which was seen by a record 11 officials as never before, will be involved in the race, as will younger Red Bull's entry Finn Fernando Alonso. Liutatiani, who is a senior Lotus driver, was out of Formula One from 2009 until the 2010 campaign and has no known memories of the team -- but is expected to make a welcome return this season.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there, the U.S. military announced Friday.|||Dendured at the age of 80 in April, he came home from his service on a deployment to Afghanistan that stretched from January to April 2. The service member was serving as the commanding officer of the 736th Infantry Division (South Asia), the nation's 14th Infantry Division, when he was killed and returned to the active duty after five years of service, the U.S. Army confirmed in a statement. The service member, a Vietnam veteran, was a private in the Army's 746th Division from 1984-1993, Army Col. Robert Walton, a group executive officer, had prepared his battalion for deployment to Afghanistan following his departure. "Robert exercised discretion in [his] decision to return to combat service in Afghanistan, and he did not harm himself and his comrades when armed opposition arrived at his home to conduct combat operations in Afghanistan," Walton said. "His death, as so many have before him, is a sad reminder to the families, friends and fellow soldiers of our country. I am deeply saddened by the loss of Robert and his family and would like to do my best to offer condolences to his loved ones and to make life a little easier for the families of his fellow service members." Walton would have received the Bronze Star if he were still serving, the Army said. While in Afghanistan, Walton reached the ranks of special operations Rangers and was an instructor at the East West Orientation Academy. He also took a part in training special operations units. The doctor was a highly decorated Vietnam veteran. After serving five years at West Point and commanding a special operations regiment in Vietnam, Walton found a way to get back into the armed forces by joining the American wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Walton later took a leadership position with the United States and had stints with the U.S. Army National Guard, Army Reserves and Fort Rucker, North Carolina, according to the Army. CNN's Lorie Carhart contributed to this report.
Madrid (CNN) -- He's fast on the football field but apparently even faster behind the wheel.|||The 25-year-old Welshman, who plays for Spanish soccer giants Real Madrid, was pulled over Tuesday afternoon while driving his car in Madrid's M5 motorway. Spanish police told CNN that Russian-born Alexander Calabashala arrived in the car about 10 seconds before the rules said he had to go. In a video posted to CNN's YouTube site, Colisandro Felice Girardi from the Spanish club confirmed the story. "He is a fast individual," Felice Girardi said. He said Al-Don Bosco from Newcastle also tries to race while driving, but he is smart enough to avoid it, according to the video. The stunt apparently got the attention of the police, who pulled him over in Madrid's M5. "He arrived in the car very fast," Felice Girardi said. "He was a little bit surprised. "This is not the way Spain works!" The young footballer (who grew up in Wales) is also a sprinter, putting in most of his runs in the team's top teams. "I am a very fast person," he told Spain's daily magazine El Mundo. "I have bad balance sometimes and I lose control." Calabashala is "very fit, a very good footballer," said Felice Girardi. "He is very, very fast. When he was with Dortmund he would be a world record holder on an air force meter, Madrid is a world record holder in air speed," added Felice Girardi. See more on calabashala ».
Washington (CNN) -- China said Saturday it had suspended military exchanges with the United States over Washington's $6.4-billion arms deal with Taiwan, the territory that Beijing claims as its own.|||China said Washington's engagement in Taiwan is based on "unfounded and unwarranted" Taiwan threat, an official statement said. The statement -- issued by spokesman Yu Zhengsheng -- said China's military would halt programs with the United States "to acquire weapons, equipment and military supplies due to Washington's illegally imposed 'Taiwan exclusion' system," China's official Xinhua news agency said. China accuses Washington of espionage against its people and Taiwan. Some said the Beijing government's choice of Washington is a reference to a general Taiwanese goal. Washington defended its own effort to practice international engagement in defense of Taipei on Friday, saying that it needed to make sure the talks between Taiwan and Beijing were conducted "to the best possible security." "We firmly reject it," the United States Embassy in Beijing said in a written statement. "Washington is not above the law," it said. Beijing is deeply opposed to Taiwan's self-rule and has been building up the military and spending billions of dollars in defense resources for more than 25 years. The statement from the Xinhua News Agency also criticized some of China's views on the target countries: Japan, the U.S., China. The United States and India are already and have been negotiating on "exchanges" with China regarding North Korea, the agency said. "Japan and India are important partners in our efforts to resolve problems arising out of North Korea's regime-change policies." China, however, has taken steps of its own to ensure that the United States keeps the nuclear weapons deal as it works to rid North Korea of its nuclear program. Beijing is only now starting to open up the discussion of West Korean military operations in its territory, which includes areas such as northern Kyushu and the strategically important Yellow Sea areas. In January, the United States had deployed a missile defense system to the area. But the deal was quickly withdrawn. CNN's Mara Gomez and North Carolina's Henry Stallings contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A proposed Arizona law would deny birth certificates to children born in the United States to illegal immigrant parents.|||Kennedy aides told CNN that their client, Nelson, was "entirely earnest" about the bill and voted in favor of it. Still, Laura Kennedy told CNN: "Some of these folks might not want to support it if in their minds it's bad policy." Laura Kennedy said she thought the law would do more damage than good to children. They felt it should create a climate in which people could not access public records about their history for fear of discrimination, and officials -- including both in Arizona and other states -- would be afraid to contact others, she said. "A handful of Democrats are talking about it in government and it breaks my heart," said Laura Kennedy. Laura Kennedy named her husband and daughter Kennedy, a U.S. representative from Texas, as one of the targets of the House bill. Nelson and Laura Kennedy told the American Civil Liberties Union that if the bill becomes law, it will "actually be worse than nothing." The Democratic member of Congress from Arizona said he thinks the government should use its power to control birth certificates. The legislation "has nothing to do with birth certificates," Kennedy said. "I have been working on it since I was a congressman for many years. ... I don't think a population with 14 million children should be expected to be so dependent upon government on its policies, so to speak. I think it's a little bit over the top." Kennedy said allowing birth certificates to be used in issues surrounding immigration only holds up in the case of those who are undocumented immigrants who have been here for less than three years. "Birth certificates for those with birth certificates who are undocumented immigrants have always been considered part of the law because of the number of births reported on such birth certificates, so that's why their families are registered with the government," he said. But according to the Department of Health and Human Services, these birth certificates aren't separate from other state-funded programs. Kelly said his office did not oppose the idea, and he praised the measure. "It just shows the progress that we're making on this part of the nation, when at one time, there was some real anti-immigrant, racist politics happening," Kelly said. "It's more tolerance, more acceptance," he said. "If you ask the authorities, they will say, 'They don't believe in it, but of course they support it, and so do we.'" In a letter signed by eight other members of Congress, and referring to the House bill, Senate and presidential candidates in a few states, the health committee argues that President Barack Obama's policies are causing harm and will hurt the community. It "has called for reduced enforcement of immigration laws and to uphold a deterrent effect on illegal immigration," said the bill's sponsor, Rep. Michael Burgess, R-Texas. The bill goes to the state level, with immigration officials working to "deconsolidate" their immigration authority, said Burgess. "While there's been an increase in the number of people who are holding undocumented status out of proportion to population growth and its impact on the immigration system, these still are primarily poor people seeking to establish an economic foothold in the United States," Burgess said. "These laws are not about a dictator in his haystack of a home, or his decisions [about that issue] being made by the Supreme Court." The Supreme Court, along with the U.S. Congress, has issued nearly 80,000 rulings on matters relating to immigration, according to the Immigration Policy Center. And the Supreme Court has made it clear that illegal immigration is not a partisan issue. The administration argues that however immigrants pose a threat to the country, federal laws regulating the borders are not, in fact, limited. "The process must be more clearly and adequately established to prevent unreasonable enforcement actions by illegal aliens, such as immigration agents who neglect to properly follow local customs, and to treat immigrants as persons." Massachusetts is the nation's first state to recognize as citizens and citizens of the United States that citizenship is not required at birth. Universities have approved more than 65,000 college students' birth certificates under state laws. From 1999, until December 2009, at least 4,338 U.S. students won a U.S. citizenship lottery from a Texas school in immigration cases, according to a lawsuit filed in that case.
(CNN) -- The arrest in Serbia of Ratko Mladic brings to an end a 16-year man hunt for the highest profile suspect still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s.|||Aideda Beklowicz, a U.S. diplomatic official, confirms that Beklowicz resigned Monday after the arrest of the head of the Serbian Central Security Service, Alla Djukic, at a conference in Jerusalem hosted by the Israeli Embassy. Before being arrested, Mladic -- who has known as Gen. Ratko Mladic -- told the Israeli ambassador that his personal security detail were searching for him when he was the head of the Serb special police squad that attacked Serbia's religious leaders in late 1996, part of a string of attacks aimed at "defeating them [the Serbian authorities] and crushing them ruthlessly." "He alleged the supreme committee of the (Serbian Central S.D.) served seven (star) years ... and there was a group of five (targets) that were given the weapons ... you'll find if you look, they're there," he said. Officials believe that Mladic started the genocide when the two commanders of Serb military forces, Reinhard Heydrich and Goran Zaev, told the latter that they were running a hidden Serbian secret police unit. "And who lives to this day. He (Mladic) killed two hundred of the Jews he had in his service," said Melanie Kerka, the spokesman for the United Nations Office on Children and Families. In the testimony at a hearing last week, he also said in prepared remarks that he and other senior Serbian officials knew "there was going to be a genocide" in Serbia. They did not elaborate on how they knew. The genocide refers to the killing of at least 6,000 Muslims during the Jewish genocide of 11 July and August in the 1960s by the Serbian Army and the Partisans during the 18th century. Bosnia-Herzegovina, a country that gained independence after the end of the second World War, also faced similar genocidal conflict that went on for more than three decades. Between 1990 and 1991, Serbia won the international war on Serbia, against the backdrop of a bitter break with the West. After the outbreak of the civil war in Bosnia, Serbia committed and carried out the atrocities on Bosniaks and other ethnic groups. Both Serbia and Bosnian Muslims declared war on Croatia when the war began. The governments of Serbia and the breakaway Bosniak Republic, one of the co-religionists, have labeled those attacks by the Partisans a genocide.
(CNN) -- Many have claimed to know the identity of the notorious Zodiac Killer, who terrorized northern California with a trail of unresolved murders in the 1960s. But their stories have not panned out.|||Stared: Zodiac killer: Who is this mysterious person? See facts related to Zodiac Killer in the previous edition of CNN Daily News. The Paradise Valley Post newspaper published the opinion columns written by an "X-Stat" journalist and two auteurs on Monday, August 6, 2017. 7. The column was dedicated to the "popular writing and daily column" of Jose Monge. The previous two columns, including the series "X-Stat -- Mail: Dear 'Defense Attorney': Were you really that obsessed about solving cases and getting people locked up?"  The Review and the Mail edited this column for members of the public, making it harder for journalists and your readers to stay on top of the murder numbers and the names in the stories they see, especially since some names have become well known and included in "The Daily Mail": Zodiac Killer: What is the person behind the mystery news reports? A fun little experiment in our new series "X-Stat Mystery: Murder Mystery & Reality TV?" Will this visit some unsuspecting persons out of their shell? Who or what could this person do? "I once did the same thing! Who's that serial killer who solves millions of cases a week? Tell me more! Could it be true?" "Yes, it can be true!"  In that episode "Desiree" showed a woman who is hoping to solve three cases: Hayley Croom, a petite California nurse, and two men -- an elderly man and a woman -- known as "Suzy and Reggie" and "The XXX Killer." Did you know she was the "Famous Mother Killer"? Yes, it has been a possibility that this author could be the person behind the identity of "The XXX Killer" in the past. Mark Heydel described his experience with the "TV serial killer." He is in possession of a huge amount of information regarding the serial killer, the mysteries of "the XXX Killer," the Southtown Mowgli and other activities. "With the help of a state law now that's written that you cannot have an "X-Stat Mystery or Reality TV Show" unless you have all the documents we have, this identification will be vital in my investigation." Read the release from the California attorney general's office that gave reasons why a man living in the Monterey area may have killed Ed Emmons, the creator of the "XY-Stat Mystery and Reality TV Show," who died suddenly in his sleep in 1986 from a heart attack. This new report from The Daily Mail Group uses the "X-Stat Mystery & Reality TV Show" as the evidence. It is based on answers to a series of questions sent to private citizens about whether the identity of the person at the end of the story is a man named, Edwin Everingham, father of eight, step-son Daniel Everingham, step-son Joe Everingham and grand-daughter Kate Everingham. Do you know anyone who could be the killer for the following "X-Stat Mystery" stories? Are they true? If so, who was the person or persons responsible? Show us the photos to determine if you are the villain and what would you do to them? Please include in your message to me that I am not the first person to publish the X-Stat Mystery and that information is accurate. If you know someone who did this, let me know and I will do the same for you. Thank you for using this web site to tell everyone the "X-Stat Mystery." In your email, include your name, phone number and city to which it appears on this page. Please also mention "X-Stat Mystery and Reality TV Show" in the subject line of your e-mail. If you have any information about the identity of this particular serial killer, let us know by leaving a message at the bottom of this page. Thank you for using the CNN Daily News website and we look forward to having your information included in this report.
The submarine's body may be constructed from drainage pipes and the hatch from a recycled skylight, but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet and has already completed three successful dives.|||The Electra floats at a depth of 28 feet (11 meters) as it dives to the ocean from a nearby island. A new sub by Parag Sejitsa takes people underwater at the height of 30 feet. The only watercraft in the world, the Electra has a steel frame and a composite body. The underwater craftsmen have specially designed the Electra, which can be as smart as a smart phone and works even underwater, according to a statement from the University of Southern California's Oceanography and Oceanographic Institute. When the Electra starts its training run with the German air force in a year, it will become a prototype designed by the university. It's also looking to be deployed in U.S. submarines and other countries' warships.
A JetBlue pilot who was locked out of the cockpit by his co-pilot after his odd midflight rants in March was ruled competent to stand trial Friday morning.|||WICYMI: The "Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" episode airs August 27. The movie was created about the mass sexual assault, attempted rape and suicide that occurred while JetBlue pilots piloted an aerobatic jet over Alaska over April. Nateson was an erratic drunk and threatening to kidnap a child who lives in Alaska. He also reported a restraining order against the 33-year-old airline pilot in response to the complaint. A district judge heard evidence Friday. Superior Court Judge Brian A. Wright Jr. ruled that life could continue for Nateson and told him to continue flying flights if he remained awake. The judge acknowledged that it was unusual for pilots to fail to wake up during the procedure. But he acknowledged his caution against the behavior and noted that his judgment was inconsistent. "I understand why Mr. Nateson would become possessed by these thoughts and want to get out of the plane," the judge wrote in a prepared statement. The airline told authorities they initially thought the pilot was drunk, but he turned up and started acting normally a short time after being freed from the cockpit. Officials said he returned to normal shortly before the plane was to land at Reagan National Airport. He was in the event room for a second flight when turbulence caused him to exit the cockpit, said Michael Andre, JetBlue spokesman. "He's always been a flight attendant and experienced a lot of turbulence in his career," Andre told reporters in April. The men drove home to Florida, but were stopped by soldiers. And Adam Shute, who was jogging when he was pulled from the seat next to him and was locked out of the cockpit, also was taken into custody. Officials said Shane Washerfield and Kelly Niemiyi were the only passengers on the flight. The cockpit door was closed and Hassan later boarded the plane unharmed. CNN affiliate WPVI reported that during his police interviews for The National, Shannon Wilson struggled to identify what was causing the flight's erratic behavior and whether it was part of a pattern. However, when pressed by a reporter, Shannon Wilson said: "Everybody is really trying to make an indelible impression on me." CNN said Portero Martinez, a Latino passenger who was traveling with them, threatened to pepper him. Michael Tirico, who'd called 911 because it was too loud, said he had only seen Sharpie. He said Hunter Zamora, an American, said the verbal abuse he saw was extreme. "We heard every single name. I just kept trying to think of a way to get him out of the room," he said. He told investigators that he "just told him to fly his face. I can't find video of him so I've seen just seconds and then walk around," Zamora said. "Nothing but kind of just slithering, slithering and sliver of him jumping down into the aisle. Nothing. I remember every word and seeing every movement he made." Josh Lovell, an attorney representing Jamal Warr, asked his client to delay his sentencing and expressed disappointment that Johnson was found competent to stand trial. He said, "It's sad for him. I think he has lost a father and it's sad for his family," and that he believed JetBlue missed its chance to regain trust. "JetBlue made the right decision by putting him in the cockpit. When he became erratic, that's always been the case," Will Shields, Jim Solace Center spokeswoman for the city of Pine River, said. The judge's ruling may not last.
The state attorney overseeing the probe into the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin is known in Florida as a tough prosecutor ready to pursue what she believes is right, even in the face of media glare and public pressure.|||Trayvon's murder has sparked a national debate over the law, what happened next in Florida and what happens in any future murder trial. Joselyn Baez, a prosecutor whose office has been in charge of the stand-alone investigation into George Zimmerman's killing of the unarmed teenager, recently said that she doesn't feel as if the Jackson County grand jury is preoccupied with a verdict on one individual. She has said she's happy to decide whether the criminal investigation against Trayvon will continue. This is not the first time she's publicly expressed her views: In a debate with George Zimmerman's defense attorney, Baez said George was merely "jurisdicted" or not guilty of first-degree murder, not necessarily guilty of intent or even murder. Baez said it is not "necessarily obvious" whether Baez believes Trayvon was "violent" because his boyfriend had provided a statement on the video. But she said there is a point at which, "there is that moment when Mr. Zimmerman lost sight of the fact that he killed a 17-year-old and you felt that he had the right to act against someone. ... "Baez, a young, clean-cut, intelligent and promising young woman, left her friends at a mall after only one night. She says as soon as she was allowed to leave the mall she took off her hood and went running," she said. Zimmerman, who is black, was stopped by two police officers for a traffic violation and was arrested for the charge. He was later convicted of first-degree murder and released from a Florida prison on parole. Trayvon Martin's mother grew frustrated when his mother said she couldn't comment on the news reports about her son's death. She said she thought his family should be "eliminated. It wouldn't make any difference to her or the public." "It wouldn't make a difference to the teenage boys in the United States," she said. "It would make a difference, because Trayvon was gone." Prosecutors say they never finished looking at all the facts of the case, including the evidence collected at first glance. But the case remains open. Since the shooting, the community has rallied around Baez, who is serving her second five-year term. She served as the head of the Community Services Commission when Zimmerman was arrested. Her office is also working with Baez's police team. Jackson County prosecutors Michael LaPied, Ron Rios, Darius Gilliard and Alfonso Ybarra also remain free on bond, as well as the Deltona County district attorney's office. The governor has asked the state attorney's office to file the petition to quash any state charges against Baez. In another news release, President Barack Obama described his "deep concern" about the case. "As a principal witness to the case, I believe that the Chief Prosecutor's office stands ready and willing to fully investigate any allegations that an individual or group should be charged in a crime that occurred in our community, period," he said.
Washington (CNN) -- Is bipartisanship in Washington really dead?|||The debate over bipartisanship began Wednesday with House Republican leaders announcing they were voting Monday afternoon on a budget with a single provision: Reconciliation. It's the first time the House and Senate have come together to attempt to work together on the budget since 1998 -- after 513 days together -- the eight-year cycle that included more than 1,000 votes on bills that didn't make it to the president's desk. But it's the first time since the belch debacle that House Republican leaders have promised to reconcile their differences. Which one is more likely to succeed? CNN's Steve Holland contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- The American Automobile Association is suing the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey over toll increases that recently went into effect at New York City bridges.|||The Auto Association says if those changes go through they will lead to an increase of more than $200 million in 2016. The local arm of the industry said on its website this week that it's suing a number of agencies and industry interests. "The main loss of significant value from these transactions," the coalition said in a news release. The funding center for AutoForum.com says the state Department of Transportation is footing the bill for the new fee increases on 62,000 vehicles, according to the report. "In addition to the larger fare increase, the program also imposes strict interlocking fee restrictions that penalize private drivers in areas with high deficit vehicle fleet." The commission argued in court documents that any such toll increases would nullify federal anti-pollution regulations, which were imposed in March. "It is therefore important to make sure that there is a significant amount of budgetary flexibility to impose these restrictions and ensure broad public benefits," the commission wrote. Under the proposal, designated toll lanes would be kept open and five out of six vehicles from one lane could be moved. The lawsuit doesn't specify any specific legislation the authority is required to enforce. Associate Press reporters Mick Fuhrman and Aarti Najimani contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before, State Department officials said.|||Hillary Clinton in a 2010 photo. "I am in good spirits and thinking of you," Clinton tweeted Friday. "Thank you for all of your thoughts and prayers!" She did not provide any details on her condition, but FBI agents told CNN they believe she needs the assistance of a private physician. Clinton, a Democrat, got injured in an early morning fall Friday, officials said. She fractured her left elbow and dislocated her left forearm, the source said, adding she is in the hospital in Detroit, Michigan. She suffered the injury at an outdoor event, the source said. Clinton's youngest child, Chelsea, is 2. She was traveling with her parents to Texas that morning, a senior State Department official said. Clinton's mother died of pneumonia on July 31. Hillary Clinton was unable to be immediately reached for comment outside the White House.
(CNN) -- Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey on a day of toil and trouble as Ireland's Dan Martin won the ninth stage of the Tour de France.|||The 23-year-old from Slough was too strong for the, European champion and second-placed finisher, Russian sprinter Sergey Ulyanov. The race is set for an extra week because of holiday plans in South Africa. Martin's team-mate Christian Vande Heer, from the hilly Antrim Mountains, also picked up a stage win in a sprint which included extra time at a rough section of the route. The 29-year-old Belarus native now leads the road standings after the fourth-straight victory on Wednesday. "I just let myself down this day," Martin told the cameras. "From day one I made mistakes and felt that there was some little bit of progress. "I was very disappointed that there wasn't more on the stage. "I just have to be patient in my decision making and try again next week." Martins reaction: "At least I'm out of the woods. "This is just a fine sprint ride." - British sprinter Luke Rowe, of the Newport Cannons.
(CNN) -- A fast-moving wildfire destroyed at least 20 homes near Guthrie, Oklahoma, on Sunday -- one of several fires to break out amid unseasonably high temperatures and windy conditions in the state, officials said.|||One house and many others were damaged, the National Weather Service said in a statement. A fire broke out on Oklahomans' land, where grazing cattle have managed the surrounding area for years. It destroyed at least 20 homes and some of the structures as well as two outbuildings, but most residents were not injured, the National Weather Service said. A fire also destroyed three commercial buildings on Okloman's edge. Many homes were destroyed, according to the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management. Five firefighting planes were sent to firefighting the Oglala Sioux National Forest and nearby fires, the state agency said. AT&T, the state's largest utility, stopped service in central Oregon and other fire-threatened areas in the southwest on Sunday, and evacuated more than 2,500 customers to a hospital. Fire officials also said they're searching for fire crews and working to evacuate another 200 people at Lake McClinne in eastern Iowa. The deadly fire started Saturday night near the city of Albion, the Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office said. Rain and wind were blamed for the fires, which started when cattle burned grassy areas in northern Oklahoma, the sheriff's office said.
(CNN) -- When CNN's Piers Morgan asked actor Matt Damon if he was happy with the way President Barack Obama has been running the country and if Damon was "a fan" of the president, Damon answered "no."|||"It's not," Damon replied. "There's always good, bad, indifferent." Damon said he was not a fan of Obama's administration, a comment Morgan said was surprising given his "love and admiration" for the president. "I like what Barack Obama has done for the country," Damon said. As for whether he feels President Obama is succeeding in running the nation, Damon said "Yes." With neither of those sides held in agreement, Morgan wondered what role the American actors hoped to play for Obama in 2008's "Julia." When Morgan asked Meryl Streep if she felt Obama was "a tough cookie or a good guy," Streep said: "Not a fan. I mean you were talking about Gordon Ramsey." "Well he's still the president," Streep added. CNN's Piers Morgan asked him if President Obama was the man he once dreamed of being. "No," Damon replied. "No." Morgan disagreed, asking Damon if he felt Obama is a good president. "Yes. Absolutely. Why am I saying that? He's not personally or publicly a fan," Damon told Morgan. "I like that he is a strong, hard working American. I like that he is not me who thinks that way and I am going to make that clear to the American people if he tries. He is a strong, hard-working American that he has won every respect that I have ever earned and which also people of this country have earned for him and those who came before him." That evening, 54-year-old Steven Spielberg, who famously offered the role of the "King," launched a campaign to put Obama in a job. "It's really down to Tom Waits. This is probably not the Michael Jackson that he thought he was going to get. On top of all of that, he is my conscience and his conscience that his heart still hasn't stopped beating. But it is so difficult," Spielberg said. Thank you, 2012.
(CNN) -- For desperately ill patients with serious, life-threatening antibiotic-resistant infections, access to new antibiotics is a matter of life and death.|||The shortage of new antibiotics, which are much harder to find now, is accelerating risks of further widespread antibiotic shortages in hospitals and clinics. Experts say not enough antibiotics are needed to fight this new threat. Many patients have already contracted some form of antimicrobial resistance -- essentially an antibiotic resistant to the drug Merck's anti-tuberculosis agent Xtend. "This is not going to work. We will find a way to have more antibiotics," said Terry Wachraff, director of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health's Center for Infectious Diseases. The numbers of people who have serious illnesses are increasing so rapidly that there are fast-emerging shortages of many antibiotics, said Orina D'Antonio, a professor of pediatrics and head of the department of pediatrics at Johns Hopkins. "All we can do now is work with these new alternatives to prevent further shortage of antibiotics." The shortage will ultimately result in a serious problem: a shortage of antibiotics specifically designed to treat these infections. While not every patient who does become severely ill is pre-treated with antibiotics, many do need antibiotics. Among the most prominent and severe diseases -- with a mortality rate of nearly 10% -- are those that are resistant to the antibiotics. Several patients are dying in hospitals, emergency rooms and hospices. These new infections might be preventable in the short term. But many of these patients still require antibiotics, which cannot be found in emergency rooms or hospice, for a few weeks. What are the most common and effective antibiotics for these infections? Drug companies have struggled to produce new antibiotics and what providers can provide them are often limited or nonexistent. Traditionally, these patients get the best antibiotics, specifically when they're made from the same drug. The problem arose when the Merck antibiotics Merck is so well known for their effectiveness, so consumers wanted alternatives, yet those antibiotics were unavailable. Many patients take a lot of antibiotics themselves -- mainly because of the high cost of the drugs used to make them -- without any knowledge of their effectiveness. The Merck antibiotics were given to their patients by doctors who hadn't experienced any antibiotic-resistant infections. These doctors were probably too tired to find better alternatives, and so we have limited access to these options. But if there are shortages of the crucial antibiotics, these drugs have severe life-threatening side effects. The American Society for the Prevention of Microbial Infection says antibiotics give this bacteria the ability to reproduce without resistance. Such antibiotics are essential for battling illness and bacterial infections. Traditional antibiotics can only treat 10% or less of these infections. Through research, the organization has identified 20 antibiotics commonly used in new, uncontrolled forms of antibiotic resistance. This includes long-acting, often-inexplicable, antibiotics. Many of these ineffective antibiotics are sold from the market but are too expensive to use. For high-risk patients with complex or life-threatening infections, there are no alternative antibiotics. Such patients need "strong, long-lasting antibiotics." Many of these patients have dealt with many life-threatening complications from those infections, including kidney disease and sometimes an extremely severe form of acute respiratory infection. Hospice care has only seen cases of these problems -- because of the intense pressure for treatment of severe illness. Doctors have not been able to determine whether each case is caused by different bacteria. The problem can develop further if the number of patients in the home is not controlled by controls at the hospital or among private healthcare providers. The limited exposure of certain bacteria allows patients to develop more severe infections. For such patients, antibiotics don't work. The same bacteria that is making these infections grow with each visit from doctors. Hence, since doctors try to keep antibiotics in close contact with the patient, these infections will be more difficult to treat and require stronger antibiotics. Merck says the development of the new penicillin is crucial, because things like penicillin-resistant "suspicion-resistant Staphylococcus aureus" superbugs like aldosterone have been resistant to existing antibiotics for many years.
It's the one fact about Mexico that you probably didn't know. The country's name is not really Mexico, at least not officially. After gaining independence from Spain in 1821, Mexico officially became the "United Mexican States."|||President Barack Obama dedicated the National Monument to the Unknown Soldier of World War II on May 9, using the words of Mexican first lady Delores Lupe Flores Garrido. It's part of the nation's three-year commemorative service, and the newly installed monument is the largest of all three marking World War I soldiers. The symbolic monument was dedicated at the National Heroes Memorial in Central Park in Washington, D.C., in February. Mrs. Lupe Flores Garrido is scheduled to speak Friday night at the Class of 2037 Academy of the United States of America graduation. During the service, Priscilla Cruz-Bones will make a symbolic presentation. The president will also be honored before the ceremony by a group of select guests. He'll give a brief speech before Lt. Gov. Julian Wayne Lumpkin presents the newly installed monument with a commemorative message. President Obama also will be honored by the Pennsylvania Legislature by proposing the House Naturalization Bill that would prohibit the building of sites named after the Four Freedoms for illegal immigrants. One of the members of the delegation is Kellyanne Conway, the senior analyst for WASHINGTON's 538 project, which is collaborating with "Fortune" to research the history of America's origins, especially the Mexican American communities in the 17th and 18th centuries. Check out our gallery above for a look at their progress and the '70s movie about them, and a trip to Mexico. After Mexico City, the United States raised a dollar 10,000 for our women. The statue in the front of the monument was unveiled in Denver last year, and can be viewed here. A similar memorial to the Great Wall was erected in Philadelphia in 1999. The National Memorial to the Unknown Soldier of World War I was dedicated in Guatemala this month.
(CNN) -- The two women shot and wounded by Los Angeles police during the manhunt for renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner are "not doing well," their attorney said Thursday at a news conference to announce a resolution to the loss of their bullet-riddled pickup truck.|||The attorney for Missy Hamilton and Hannah Allen put out a statement early Thursday about the couple's release. The attorneys said they wish Dorner and Stephanie Johnson would face the charge of murder, attempted murder, assault and battery. More deeply, they want him convicted of murder, attempted arson and murder and attempting to commit murder at a peace rally and to deny her for using his alleged hate as a weapon. Dorner was arrested on May 11 after a 48-hour manhunt. The shooting near the San Fernando Valley started May 1 when someone accidentally drove into a police officer's car in what many consider an effort to stop the crazed former police officer. The drive to Norco, which is in Southern California's unincorporated south side, is where Dorner was shot and wounded when a drunken officer followed him into his car in a local bar that prohibited alcohol, according to his attorney. The Durham, North Carolina-born man had been on the run since May 21 from the five-person band of suspected DUI suspects.
(CNN) -- Gareth Bale scored both goals as Tottenham Hotspur bolstered their burgeoning title challenge in the English Premier League with a 2-0 win at Norwich Tuesday night.|||The reigning U.S. champions are to host two-time European champions Chelsea on Sunday after their impressive win at West Ham on Saturday, and could also complete a fourth straight league triumph against Hertha Berlin by claiming a win at Leicester. Antonio Ruediger made his only appearance for the Gunners but spent five days in hospital after injury, a stay which cost him nearly three months. Manchester City, the defending champions, hosted Bayern Munich on Sunday, with an early comeback point from Sofiane Hanni. Wayne Rooney was set-up to make his first start since arriving in United States in late March, but he failed to show after coming on as a second-half substitute. Arsenal striker Carl Jenkinson scored his first goal for the Gunners after coming on as a 79th-minute substitute for the home team and Arsenal began their push for a home title with a 3-1 victory over Huddersfield. Arsenal took the lead through Gary Lineker, but conceded a goal seven minutes from time from Llorente to make it 2-0. Lanzini slammed home their second after 13 minutes and scoring an 80th-minute penalty in a 4-3 win at Arsenal. The game between Arsenal and West Ham was the only English Premier League match to be played in 2010 and 2011. "We have to keep working and working in a competitive atmosphere," manager Roy Hodgson told the club's official website.
Doha, Qatar (CNN) -- An international donors' conference on Darfur kicked off Sunday in Doha with the hope of raising $7.25 billion to bring aid and sustainable development to the troubled region in Sudan.|||Today's gathering of nearly 1,100 donors began a two-day summit in Qatar, the capital of the government-owned Oil and Gas Company of Sudan. "With good will, Sudanis and international organizations are supported in this important initiative," said Khalid Abdel Rahman, the Sudanese Foreign Minister. The conference will focus on ways to reduce the budget deficit of the State Department and financial contributions from international donors, according to the director-general of Sudan's central bank. Peter Serra said the conference was entitled "Keynote Address." He said nearly two-thirds of donors will present proposals during the discussions. Not all the leaders were drawn from Sudan, but Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir was present in the audience, as were representatives of a number of countries and groups. Derfur, as Darfur is commonly known, has been plagued by violence for the past 15 years. "The Chairman of the Sudanese government acknowledges this tragic situation and calls upon all stake holders and international organizations to work together for a deal that would help improve the situation on all sides and brings about a level playing field for Sudan," Sudan's Foreign Ministry said in a statement. Sudan sent diplomats and experts to the meeting, including the Arab League, as a reminder that until peace can be reached, Sudan's security forces and the rebels can't budge to prevent another humanitarian crisis. Sudan is seeking to establish a viable process so that donors could contribute to the development of Darfur. "Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and other countries have a role to play in maintaining the peace in Darfur," Egypt's foreign ministry said in a statement. "In addition, the main demands of the representatives of Sudan at the meeting will focus on the direct access of the Middle East, the efforts of the United Nations and cooperation between the security agencies and the international community." After the talks, "A resolution will be drafted, and the Council of Economic Ministers will consider the resolution," said Sudan's civil rights minister Monim Omar, adding that Congo Aguiar, who represents Egypt in the conference, had been invited to speak. He said, "In my view, an agreement to facilitate the construction of the building of the new Darfur police force is essential to end the worst armed conflicts in the world, especially war between Sudanese and Libya. "It is also expected that those responsible for the civil conflict will immediately leave their posts to join the negotiations and to pursue a political settlement," Aguiar said. Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir convened the conference with Dr. Omar Hassan al-Bashir. He said Sudan is facing a serious humanitarian crisis. "In fact, almost one million people are completely displaced and endangered and the government of Sudan is afraid that it will not be able to save their lives," he said. "For security reasons, the first priority is for peacekeepers to return to their village," he said. While the summit promises to help local communities, and will offer many options for aiding refugees and those with economic concerns, in the larger context it's about improving their lives, particularly people's right to food, water and health, said Serra. "The poorest people in Darfur often face serious humanitarian challenges," Serra said. "Of this crisis, the choice of the donor conference is between the Sudanese government in Khartoum and the Sudanese people who are without their basic needs or basic needs," Serra said. "I think they have not gained the kind of government that they need." South Sudan is reliant on U.S. support for its development, he said. Power shortages and drought are among the root causes of the situation, he said. Al-Bashir welcomed the agreement. "I think that for Sudan and Sudan we are standing firm as strong as we are and showing that we can adapt," he said. David Sarfos, a consultant to the Sudan National Rescue Network, said there was "a lot of hope and work being done" but that the county's main challenges were economic and humanitarian problems. "
(CNN) -- A Texas grand jury declined to issue charges Thursday in a November 2012 deadly collision between a freight train and a parade float that killed four veterans and injured more than a dozen people, Assistant District Attorney Eric Kalenak of Midland County said.|||District Attorney Eric Kalenak announced at a news conference that he had heard no evidence in the investigation into the crash. "It was a tragic day," Kalenak said. "The loss of our four young veterans was a terrible loss and we just can't believe how this tragedy happened." Earlier, there had been claims that the crash started with a derailing truck over a train rail during a work day in the South West of the Texas city of Midland, involving a motorcycle and a bus, which entered the parade route just as the track line was clearing traffic. Five veterans, who were driving the motorcycles, were killed. One of the injured was a veteran also driving the bus. After the crash, a parade-related fundraiser was held at Temple Lutheran Church, said James Hardy, director of public relations for the Fort Hood County Sheriff's Department. Clint Mudie, director of school activities at Capistrano Christian School in Columbia, South Carolina, is currently in treatment for one of the injuries he suffered. The highway is closed near the scene of the crash and a school in Semper Fi, Texas, is closed. The parade had more than 1,200 spectators on the Main Street for a music cruise, where older sailors and stonemasons laid their bell before the parade, Chief Jeff Hopton of the Midland Police Department said.
(CNN) -- One of the most enduring mysteries of the 20th century has been put to rest: DNA analysis of bone fragments has proven that two of Czar Nicholas' children believed to have escaped were killed with their royal family during the Russian Revolution.|||What's known in Russia today is folklore. Every Russian contemporary since the 17th century has heard that Czar Nicholas was murdered for having an affair with a crony in Moscow's Three Mile House -- then known as the Cossacks' apartment -- though no definitive proof exists. In 2001, a team of Israeli researchers and Egyptologists found evidence indicating that Czar Nicholas himself had been living in the apartment with his son Alana and son Sergius when he died. That led some authorities to accuse the students of conspiracy. But this summer, that group decided to reopen the line of inquiry. Specifically, they donated DNA from the remains of two of the Tsar's children. This is especially interesting since they had collected bones from Sergei, who was listed among those killed in the uprising against Czar Nicholas, after being "captured, confiscated and held in prison for nine months." The researchers who discovered the bones were enrolled in the Center for the Study of Social History at Moscow's Sarah Sharman Institute for Social Studies. Their investigation has been linked to the region's history of official apoliticalist families and denominations, who believe that ecclesiastical belief dictates the events of the past. Some were naturally religious, and there are some indications that religious conservatives have been instrumental in the demise of the monarchy, along with other non-traditional members of the royal family and the Church of England in general. But others -- those included the Czar's first cousin, Prince Suleiman -- have felt that religion during these days, such as Islam, and other non-traditional forces, such as the Christian Church, were partially responsible for Nicholas' death. They attacked both Russia's official 'interventionist' methods of press control during the time of the revolution -- as well as the ideologies of other denominations, which have continued to oppose the state despite the severity of the regime's persecution of nonbelievers. These new facts helped free historians from the responsibility of reconstructing earlier historical events. Russian archaeologist Elia Peralta met a group of Muslim scholars from Israel, who led the joint team to discover the bones. "This profound recognition of faith within humanity as well as an assertion of a necessity for a truth that is unique and reliable -- we want to thank our interlocutors," Peralta said in a statement. While the group is not affiliated with any official branch of the U.S. government, "Dr. (Rami) Galkin works closely with President Obama in Israel and with the world community in explaining the connection between questions of national security and how it should be answered." The scientists found the bones in a chamber of their father's apartment, also in Moscow's Three Mile House. DNA analysis of the fragments also was able to reveal a certain composition, a particular language spoken by  Mirza Maria Vekdina and her son, a member of the Revolutionary Commissariat for Foreign Affairs of the Communist Party of Russia. During the 17th and 18th centuries, Czar Nicholas ruled Russia on behalf of the Moscow Kremlin, a wealthy and powerful power structure. Other examples of an imperial regime in the twentieth century justify the role of the government's official agencies. The Czar's relatives, including Prince Dmitry and his son (now President Vladimir Putin), were not publicly appointed officials, but direct officers of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The historian Ilya Vassilyevich Peryd has studied and written a book titled "The Life and Times of Czar Nicholas" about medieval Russia, and the rule of a religious leadership and society without a political agenda. This article is part of a series that will be published August 16 and 17.
Two weeks before he tested positive for Ebola in Liberia, American journalist Ashoka Mukpo talked about the bleak situation there.|||Two-month-old Ethan "Ken" Barnes declared himself positive for Ebola while being treated at an isolation facility at the sprawling Taialiya health facility on August 24. Allentown, Pennsylvania, was one of several locations in Liberia where Barnes contracted the disease last year, including former army and air force facilities, school, and a prison. His hospitalization followed an infection while he was in the the Russian Embassy in Berlin, in Kazakhstan, for a diplomatic visit on behalf of the Russian minister of culture. Born in Liberia at the Black Delta Forests, most of the Rainier Forest region of the West African nation is still uninhabitable. But one part is known as "Anastasia," after the forest named for Sierra Leone's president. Several high-risk areas of the Rainy Forests, also in Sierra Leone, have been declared wildlife sanctuaries or "death areas," in response to their potential vulnerability to Ebola, U.S. State Department spokesman Eric Schuler said in an August 16 statement. While returning from Liberia, Mukpo said: "His concern was that he should go and get help before Ebola struck." "In san Francisco, when I said we are fighting the disease, many residents recognized the danger and committed themselves to protecting people," he continued. "He was desperate to get out of the forests. His legs were swollen, his legs looked like they were all cracked," Mukpo said at the time. The official quarantine continues. King Julius-Alexander II of Liberia, who died in 2000, was one of the first to recognize the disease in Liberia, after being struck by Ebola during a tourist trip in 1984. In 1998, the state was one of five American cities to declare Ebola-free. He became one of the first to repatriate Somali refugees in the United States to live in communities in New York, Texas, Florida, and Connecticut. "The disease has taken lives in both Liberia and the American West Indies," he said. In April 2010, Martin Shavang Lee, a French anthropologist working with Liberia's independence movement, visited with survivors of an accident that killed more than 1,500 people, including Congo's former president, Charles Taylor. America chose Liberia as a possible stepping stone for a sustainable transition. Kleberson and Peto indicated that they believed it was another leap. "Americans would leave if the door to Liberia closed on us," he said. Muddy waters waiting. Yet if disease outbreak does spread, may it be Liberia, or perhaps another country in Africa on the other side of the world. On August 18, Mukpo saw a man in a nagga suit, plying his trade in Nyerere, Guinea. It was a man who was wearing protective gear -- the same piece he wore before he died. Mukpo said he realized in that moment of shock that the man he was working with had Ebola. The man had been infected with the virus. Mukpo was visiting the tiny town of Lick, in northern Liberia. The man there had been brought to Liberia to work with refugees from Somalia, who had survived the aftermath of the civil war. "He had been crossing the border since 2005 and came across this man, and I was with a fire protection guard ... I asked him and the guard in our line of work what happened to the man that day," Mukpo said. "He said: "He turned him in." Mukpo describes bringing refugees to Liberia as 'humanitarian assistance.' He added that he moved to Liberia after returning from New York. Liberia has about 1 million people, and is particularly poor on education, healthcare and other services. Milling starts in Liberia for families with children when children abandon their homes. The country is the sixth largest country in Africa. There are already 800,000 refugees in the U.S. alone, with another 400,000 on the way. Many of them are seeking sanctuary in D.C. or elsewhere in Africa.
(CNN) -- With the new iPhone 5S and 5C due out this week, smartphones are top of mind. And while many are oohing and aahing over the new vibrant color choices for Apple's coveted phone, sometimes a custom case is much more personal.|||The New iPhone 5S already has a gorgeous, silver exterior, but its display is yet to reveal any colors -- the remaining options are: gold, silver or a new alternative front design option, that also features a border that appears to include an iris. You can also keep any unwanted images, including photographs and text. When the "Bolt Tone" pushback code goes on the display, it's a big differentiator. Thanks to the inclusion of a back panel with a center circle, you can keep any fingerprint code and small details intact, plus you can change the display display shape as you wish. The cover is mostly made from down-market, cotton materials and keeps the front as an extra-clear glass. There's a removable phone case attached for photos or videos. These are the interesting customization features that make up an iPhone 5S:The Unshaped iPhone: Custom fashion start-ups consider iOS design an option for customized accessories. Hard Mac Book Pro ($130) can help: You can enjoy (or order) your custom iPhone case on this page.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The oldest known surviving copy of the New Testament gets the modern touch Thursday when parts of it go online for the first time.|||From ancient maps to early versions of the Bible, deciphering the script was no mean feat. Engraving such typographical details was a whole different matter, according to the book's "Index for Christian Beliefs," which states that the Bible was meant to be read in the middle of the day "anywhere from a church." It was intended to be used in printing by the bishops, the Bible's authors, or for devotional purposes. The New Testament was thought to be written by the sixth-century evangelist David Israel, the bible's author told the "Index." E-mail to a friend. But now the New Testament-like database -- many of which aren't unlike Internet books such as the "Easter Edition" and e-Likes -- is getting some digital attention. "The New Testament Index was a tremendous challenge, but I believe the enormous support the project has received from the British Library Foundation in recent weeks shows how much enthusiasm this project is getting across," said the official New Testament site, that is part of the History of the Bible project. "We're very pleased with the work that's been put into this project, and we're excited about the forward progress of modern document preservation." When the "Index of Christians" website went live, an alternative search page pointed to Biblical references, such as Judges, Galatians or Koine Greek. "Check out this page to check out some non-bibles," an official Bible reference from the edition said. There's one exception: the account of an Easter story is not in the index. Temple Jerusalem - the West Bank is Israel's ancient capital. In the 18th century, one of the first survivors of Israel disappeared. It is thought that archaeologists unearthed the "Philo Bibles" near the end of the 19th century, along with a collection of artifacts including maps and Biblical manuscripts, according to the New Testament Institute website. The private British library collection of the Bible in the collection has been extended to seven historic bibles. Among them are London's New York Old Library, and St. Paul's, Rochester, New York, the National Library of Canada. The "Index of Christianity" showcases 3,500 pictographs, styles, illustrations, artistic works, devotional texts, texts and bibles found in what historians call the "lost classics of biblical times." "From Jerusalem, we could easily have minted a Bible of ancient Greece," Pennsylvania State Archaeology Major Ralf Rosenroth said of the "philo Bibles" made at Philadelphia's Chestnut Street Museum. "The uncial papers are an incredible resource, especially in terms of the range of text ... You can see first-hand the references to existing evidence of a new era."What now, though, is all about changing our view of the Bible ... [I know] that we have so many areas to rediscover." Complete editions of the New Testament passed from church to church throughout the Middle Ages. New editions were added at different times. In 1848 New York also unveiled the "New Testament Family Bible" in manuscript form. The publication of the Bible Online, or N.C.M.B., was created in 1848 and features 100 of the bibles' 16,000-plus illustrations from the late 1700s. "It's the oldest surviving Bible written in the New Testament format," historian Sir James C. Fry of the British Bibles Institute said. "You can see that the new edition does start with the handwriting of the Prophet David," Fry added. "The handwriting is very much the most important part of the New Testament. It's not a stately ink. It's the handwritten grammar." Early historians could not find a New Testament. The manuscript was unearthed at Charnza Castle near Bambodia and Charnza Castle archaeologists helped to excavate, Fry said. The manuscript was released by the Philadelphia Museum of Art in 2005. The library looked at the manuscript with Lincoln University's Philadelphia Archaeological Institute. "It was the oldest complete New Testament manuscript available and used by the library in the collection," curator Chris Turner said. "But it was all one page at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. "And I'm so sorry it's all gone down the way it's going down." Edwina Prins, a museum researcher, told CNN last year that N.C.M.B.E. was able to find the manuscript. "I was very happy to see that where it was no longer a collection of Bible manuscripts that had been housed on loan in the library."
Cairo (CNN) -- Egypt's first democratically elected president, Mohamed Morsi, will appoint a woman as one of his vice presidents and a Christian as another, his policy adviser told CNN.|||Morsi announced Monday that he had chosen Sunni Muslim Sheikh Wafdah al-Rashed as his new chief of staff and Orthodox Christian Sheikh Ibrahim Abdul-Aziz al-Rashed as his new deputy. Both clerics are from the Shiite al-Islah community, the nation's largest and most powerful, according to the Egyptian Church. Morsi has been outspoken against the lack of diversity in Egypt and in all previous presidents. His administration is now at war with the Muslim Brotherhood, the country's largest opposition group. The Brotherhood demands that politicians adopt a variety of positions, including those requiring women to wear a hijab or head covering during all official functions. Most recently, however, the U.N. General Assembly on Saturday did not allow women in Egypt to use their vehicles when driving. Elsewhere, in Ethiopia, women, including females, had also come out of the mosques after Egypt's independence from Egypt in 1952. At the time, al-Rashed was arrested on charges that he had an affair with a different woman. Egypt has been beset by political unrest in the past year. In recent days, Muslim protesters took to the streets and attacked a Christian businessman who ran for the presidency. They were followed by church and state security officials. Political analysts have questioned the political moves, saying the two appear intended to placate the Islamic Brotherhood and supporters of the Egyptian government, who have been boycotting foreign and local outlets of the news agency Al-Ahram. But some have called on the Brotherhood and other religious elements to step up their activities to unite the Muslim world against the group. Morsi has publicly promised to balance the interests of Egyptian Muslims and those of Christian and other minorities in order to ensure that the interests of Egyptian people are at the center of decisions. He has referred to the Brotherhood as "our Egyptian brothers" and called it "our weak system." It is the most powerful party in Egypt that has, at least officially, backed Mubarak. Egypt has experienced a mass exodus of foreign-born Muslims, many of whom have returned to their homeland after years of exile. In 2011, al-Rashed was arrested on charges of committing a campaign of murder. In April, three men were arrested in connection with the killing of two Egyptian policemen and their American friend, and two Egyptians were sentenced to death for the alleged killings. Bishop Joseph Zaidi denied all allegations in August. "I have never been allowed to speak to an Egyptian or a Muslim about my faith or my opinions," Zaidi told CNN at the time.
(CNN) -- An incident-packed final day at Cheltenham culminated in a no-less dramatic finale when outsider Lord Windermere captured the Gold Cup in heart-stopping fashion for trainer Jim Culloty and jockey Davy Russell.|||After receiving numerous upset finishes, in which nobody landed a race until the last kick was off, Nicky Henderson took a picture of the final position on four-year-old Deep Blue Villager, claimed the title to follow Team Green and carried the championship following the victory of Saxon Warrior and Gold Cup winner Masterforce, who finished third. It was then on to the latest entertainment in history. Champion rider Yorkshire Askew successfully kicked in the early stages with Bronzeman champion Bruche from The Eskdale Stud taking control, only to come under siege from 14-1 outsider Lord Windermere. The fight was on until the 13th of 18 runners were running the steepest and best made clear with a round of jockeys' gallops, culminating in Russell controlling Lord Windermere throughout the final stages. When the Gold Cup champion, rated as the most competitive horse in the race at 2-1 with supporters, Billy Thornton insisted that there was "still pressure" on his jockey to retain the title, and Webb responded bluntly: "Just go!" Bull was proven the stronger of the two, pounding up the track in a dash before overtaking Sage of Baskerville to secure victory and highlight the stunning day which began with elephant terrors in Brazil and India, now known as "unhuman uprising" in Bolivia. Rebel leaders say the country is controlled by rebels demanding independence from Latin American big powers such as Mexico and the Dominican Republic. One of them, Mexican mountaineering club Captain Lambe, was charged with robbery after allegedly threatening members of the media after a race. The video shows Lambe, who was rushing a boat at sea, fleeing the rules and attempting to save a fellow colleague, getting himself pulled along the shore and dragged behind the course. The boat was then straddled and threatened to crash, but went on its course anyway before authorities took control. One jockey sustained a nasty fall during the contest after firing a warning shot into the air as he went to go for a gallop. It was judged that the jockey should have remained on the leading leader throughout the racing day but instead of remaining put, he was held back by the back of his rider before being forced to the gate to be withdrawn. The advantage turned out to be crucial, however, with Budgie losing 2 1/4 lengths behind Masterforce to Lord Windermere, who in turn briefly led the fight back to the lead, but fell. Two-time winner Amash Black Star, ridden by two-time winner Matt Murphy, was superbly ridden again by the 5-4 chance Mick Russell. It was Russell, who said he was pleased with the achievement of last year's winner. The two jockeys were all smiles on the day, which saw the prize-winning middleweight winner Bull go past Danny Peacock on his final ride. Russell, who turned 26 on Wednesday, said: "It was everything you wanted today." "I had such a great day," he said. "He was wonderful -- just the best horse I've ever ridden. I'm still not over the moon. "It's never easy coming home and in the last three or four days I've never done anything better."
Washington (CNN) -- The Supreme Court will hear arguments this week in two same-sex marriage cases. Whatever the justices do, the outcome seems foreordained. When 80% of Americans under 30 agree about something, that something will happen -- it's only a matter of time.|||In what's next in the divisive debate over marriage equality? Is this really a debate about marriage? But even the president of the United States is not opposed to same-sex marriage. In fact, his administration has broken numerous laws, including one against same-sex marriage. Why might he have abstained? He would have been the right man to give an opportunity to young people who were swept up in the debate over marriage equality to voice their disapproval, give his support to the organizations that fight the issue in public policy settings and volunteer his support to causes important to young people, like education and job training. The powerful know-nothing or the bottom-feeder power of the Republican Party has already given him the opportunity to do this. There's simply been no Republican in Congress or the president's positions on gay rights, not for 30 years, and not a single female in any position of power. I got to thinking about what I'm going to say during these very, very important arguments Wednesday. For me, that's not only irrelevant, it doesn't even matter what the president says. That's easy for a president who has consistently supported marriage equality. In fact, so many Americans view marriage equality as a way of giving more power to women, and to the workers and others who work within the organizations that give strength to change the lives of LGBT people. Well, no more, no less. Obama, when asked about it at his State of the Union address last week, told us that he had a principle that matched his age when he was asked the question: I would not change my mind until I had been in power. If only he had been in power long enough to speak for my opinions and constituents. The national discussion of same-sex marriage advocates and the pundits who have urged him to sign it is very good. Gay marriage advocates say it protects the most vulnerable -- citizens who have low wages, are out of work, cannot afford to take care of their families or even care for themselves, and won't give them health insurance. Pro-gay marriage advocates tell these arguments to the contrary: They want to make sure that families -- whether single or married -- have insurance so that they can start new families. Equal rights for the children of parents, at the same time, ensures that there are fewer economic and educational hardships. After all, family is the root of all good citizens. It helps in all areas of life -- whether single people live together or in households, among seniors, the military, workers, or college students. And it helps that immigrants, and especially Americans with lots of kids, work in different fields and have access to a wide range of opportunities. Everything that works between 12 and 30 is key to success. When 80% of Americans under 30 agree about something, that something will happen -- it's only a matter of time. Keep it small, everyone. But that's not what I'm saying.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Revenge attacks targeting a village in southeast Kenya killed 10 people Thursday, including women and children, the nation's Red Cross said.|||Fend a nightmare summer as the nation's arid northern regions prepare for the holy month of Ramadan. The Red Cross, which is operating in Kenya, said at least 10 of those killed were just children. Four more were injured in the attack in Eastleigh, the deadliest in recent years, authorities said. Somali-born al Qaeda-linked militants stormed a village, called Isela, and detained several men, while the injured were treated in nearby hospitals, said chief of operations Jumau al Hamir. Authorities at the scene confirmed that the villagers had set up a roadblock to prevent gunmen from entering. Law enforcement officials caught up with al Qaeda-linked militants, who said they raided an address, demanding 10 lempiras. The gunmen opened fire. al-Hamir said the meeting "ended pretty much drama-free" and no one was injured. ‎ The violence ended hours later, but a police officer who responded was wounded in the attack, al-Hamir added. At least 10 men have been killed and eight abducted, al-Hamir said. Eastleigh is not a major hub for attacks by al Qaeda, Kenya's Red Cross said.  Witnesses say the EIA found 25 AK-47 rifles, and men wearing the uniforms of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, the militant group claimed responsibility for an attack there on Thursday. One man was killed Thursday, the Red Cross said. In a separate incident in Turkana, a school in the town was destroyed by al Qaeda-linked militants, officials said. Five men and three children were killed in Somalia.  Interrogations are under way, according to U.S. State Department spokeswoman Laura Foster.
(CNN) -- Employers in Denmark have started paying compensation to women who have developed breast cancer after working night shifts.|||The women are the first in their 20s to get the disease. The increase in the incidence is encouraging because of the increased awareness in Denmark and the positive impact on women in need of care and preventive measures. Many workers here have been left with few job options after being faced with a double whammy of poverty and working late into the night. About five million people are unemployed in the United States, Europe and Africa -- most due to the recession. "Women, particularly in the younger generations, would rather have much-needed jobs than unemployment or an unstable income," a statement from Employers International (EIU) Denmark said. The statement on the site said that some employers "increased the hours women work and made them sleep past midnight. Some men may have worked as night workers in the cities, but do not think of themselves as having a professional job and therefore not having the opportunity to be treated according to our knowledge and experience. "This has created anxiety among women who are often forced to work several hours a night without overtime. Or, if they have a dependable job, they may choose a job that provides more opportunities for their children." Unemployment rates are much higher than the national rate of unemployment among the United States and Europe. The Ipsos MORI -- a charity that researches the human and social determinants of health -- found that the most reliable method to reduce the risk of breast cancer was for the women to get the treatment they need. The women have to hire mechanical workers -- two-person contract workers whom employers typically pay about 1000 kroner ($197), but who also have to install meters -- and have other installations to make sure the meters work. The "nearly 800,000" deal means that workers who stay behind don't have to hook up with offshore collectors.Employers in Denmark say that 228,000 workers are unemployed because of the recession. "Workers have worked seven days a week for just over three years with no extra money to fight against the recession and they have seen their jobs decimated." Since the 2008/9 recession, the number of jobs created by workers' layoff rates has increased almost seven-fold. But there is still plenty of work for women. The unemployment rate is 3.1% for the older and lower-income population, including for women, and 5% for wage earners.
London, England (CNN) -- Simon Cowell's stranglehold on the British Christmas record charts looks as though it might be coming to an end.|||"Grazie It's a Country Christmas" album with Liam Gallagher and Matt Smith of Imagine fame, takes its place on the top spot. Its creators, Cowell and Beanie Sigala's Brand New Musical, have been fighting a tabloid feud for months to keep the top spot. Earlier this month, the CDM Top New Zealand network revealed that it had killed off three hits on the chart, most recently Liam Gallagher's "Better Read Than A Lady" with "Sweet Dreams" in fifth place. Britain's much-loved Holly Willoughby is the only other act in the current crop of album runners-up. Three judges are of the same persuasion, as is Simon Cowell. "The men and women of I'm a Celeb" judge Nicole Scherzinger. "Melody Maker" host Ashley Graham is finalist in the best-sellers poll, but it's not clear whether she'll make it past the first round. There are also hopefuls featured in a variety of compilations for the top 50 charts, including a new number for Holly Harvey's Friends In Love compilation, All Too Human. All three artists were part of the original line-up in 1970 when the ranking was set. Many of those on the lowest rung of the charts haven't yet been beaten, and the holiday charts have been around since 1947. Besides its sale to record labels, the top of the charts has also suffered from strict print sales rules, cutting from the top end to the middle. This affects album sales, but compilations can also sell well in radio shops and the marketplace, and they often fall behind a third of the top 10. Other popular vinyl recordings of the year have also suffered big losses, with many from the new run of previous CDs selling in the top 50 at a sharp discount to their original positions. When a seller is dropped from a billboard and can't recover it, it can range from 20 to 30 per cent off. Many records such as albums do recover, but sales dipped at the beginning of the Christmas season, according to the UK charts website Rediff.com. Rediff.com is a major music database site based in Chicago and compiled the charts from 12,000 original releases from 2006 to 2011.
(CNN) -- A slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed Sunday to recall 143 million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in U.S. history.|||Officials with the federal food safety watchdog called the slaughterhouse a "public enemy" because the conditions of its cows did not meet state standards of care and welfare. The discovery by Animal Welfare Institute and the California Department of Agriculture in 2000 "posed a concern and resulted in its recall," according to the Los Angeles County Department of Agriculture. According to a federal inspection report, the cattle had been kept in quarter-pound areas and that conditions had been sub-standard. Those activities were allegedly started by California State University, Los Angeles' Board of Veterinary Medicine. Federal beef inspector Amy Dreifus, who oversaw the investigation, has asked USCVD to halt working with Feedcares and determine whether to recall all of its cattle. "If so, we will immediately suspend their employment and order all cattle to be removed from the supply chain," she said. California's Department of Agriculture is now the largest beef supplier with more than 130,000 employees and more than 5 million cattle in its 23 states.
(CNN) -- The Libyan government tried and failed to swap three captured Dutch military personnel for two Libyan Air Force jets whose pilots defected with their warplanes to the European island nation of Malta last month.|||He said the rebels do not have the capacity to seize the jets they want, and that the rebels will have "to give up their right to keep a letter of liberation, take Libya out of the military's hands and prevent a coup." In an August 24 letter to the U.N. Security Council, Libyan rebels acknowledged arming and supporting rebels in the country and their purpose was to overthrow President Muammar Gaddafi. The letter, obtained by CNN from U.N. Special Envoy for Libya Omar Gadhafi, addresses the EU government's handling of the Libya intelligence situation and says the ship that held the key to the release of the Dutch intelligence personnel, Poesana, will never have a headquarter again. "Our air forces will be loyal to their president and continue to protect him," Gedjicoff said. The Dutch were arrested on arrival in Libya on April 17 on a flight from the United States with Omar Abdelaziz al-Sissi, the ex-president of Syria, and his bodyguards, Somali rebel leader Mohammed Atta and Syrian rebels, Ibrahim Shehata. No Western troops, but all the prisoners, were transferred from that plane into the care of the Libyan air force. The U.N. mission is based in Malta and its chief mission is to ensure the safety of coalition forces and their staff. NATO's mission to Libya says the fighter jets were attacked by gunmen on Friday. A NATO official said as many as 180 Libyan troops landed in Libya on Friday, but it is unclear how many were hurt.
(CNN) -- With their magnificent puppets, Basil Jones and Adrian Kohler have been pushing theatergoers' experiences to new heights, casting a spell on audiences across the world.|||The two award-winning professional puppeteers, who have an array of their own specialties on display as the duo as part of "We Are Three", include: exotic artworks, interactive services for visitors to ponder how they approach these "living art experiences," clothing, video projections and player movement, a CGS Gladiator version of Mel Gibson's Gladiator, and a makeshift, walk-around dwarf, clad in an actor's costume and pretending to be the dwarf in the production. The pair also have a duo of gingerbread houses that travel from store to store, and a dwarf house similar to a previous installation. Peter Speight, a sculptor specializing in detailed 3-D modeling, created a whimsical, 3-D-painted, cast-iron dwarf costume for Chris McGuire's role as Marc Antony (BBC Mythbusters). Plus, the duo have created dioramas based on shadow puppets, most notably with Paul Robeson's Rick Astaire, a British supervillain. Either a false painting makes the audience forget their supervillain, or a patchwork costume makes the audience think of it later. "If you have a strong imagination, there will be an incredible surprise for you," said McGuire, a stunning plaster mask that glows in the dark. Jones insists the information gleaned from the characters' clothing, their movements and movement is only a fraction of the variety that will find their place on stage. "There is no reason not to go for their costumes," he said. "The commissioning of these costumes will tell you everything about their strength and vulnerability. "It's going to leave their eyes dark, their faces kind of dusty, but also their hands and faces lit up with laughter." The commissions for the all new shows have mostly been small-scale, which means each show will only include approximately two characters. But that's fine. Homes, offices and buildings are transformed into interactive experiences that allow people to contemplate how to approach themselves personally -- and other people -- in a way that's new and exciting. This is what We Are Three: subtle and intense variations on the theme of life, death and the animal kingdom." See how puppets have revolutionized popular art in Norway and Scotland. When the early ’40s saw the design of a bear in a bear antler from Iceland, the designer and his team, who formed by the late 1940s, decided that the anthropomorphic creature must be re-imagined to look more anthropomorphic rather than re-created. They were inspired by Jean Cocteau's allegory, "The Bear," which uses anthropomorphic animals and shapes to resemble the faces in ancient art. The sculptures have symbolic significance in the Jewish tradition of the representation of Jewish religious texts, since visitors generally assume that religious materials are in Jewish libraries. But the resulting works inspire hopefulness and imagination. Artist Clare Margason, a painter, has taken an entirely different approach. She has used a dimensional representation system to 3-D-densify landscapes to achieve skeletal or skeletal-like images. Margason's works are now part of The Highly Sensitive Art. There are no longer any reported payments for her works, and her art is not truly fairytale (he is very sure it is not). Fortunately, the exhibit also displays an exceptional amount of musical and visual art as well. Peter Segal's romantic and playful painting "The Shepherd" is an interesting example of the power of legible art and metafiction. Phyllis Doolittle's face, a gentle portrait of a shepherd, is the star of the series, "Holly Celine," out in New York.
(CNN) -- Only 20 minutes so far? I can't keep sitting on this bike. It hurts. I'll just leave class and use the restroom. I don't need to go to the bathroom, but it will give my rear end a break. What if everyone stares at me? Oh no, now my toes are going numb!|||One day in art school, I sat down at 8:14 am. I felt a sudden twinge in my foot and realized that I was on my feet for only 20 minutes. Could be my anturetic. I pushed on a bit to try and work through the pain. I decided that it's time to get up and run for my toilet. I don't need to go to the bathroom, but it will give my rear end a break. Let's walk across the street to the busy campus of the university where art school is held. No one's going to stop me. No one will judge me. I'll walk across the street. I'll get on my bike and speed home. No one will know I stopped. It is early. Maybe I have to pull over. What if everyone stares at me? Oh no, I'll just have to explain. I'm going to make a mistake. "My hands are totally numb," I say. If I tell anybody, they will probably think I'm an idiot. And I wouldn't get what I really wanted, but I can assure you that I made it so you would understand. I was wrong. I did see a dog that was injured. "Oh, whatever," I say to myself. "I'll take over." At least he got away. Seriously? Time to make a move, huh? It is seven o'clock and I am four miles from my old-fashioned elementary school. I'm sure the class will let me off somewhere. I'll just leave class and use the restroom. The way I feel is a combination of nerves, adrenaline, and pain. It hurts. And now I'm on this sidewalk on a sidewalk. I can't stand it. It's a 30-minute walk to the next class. I can't even see the road between here and the next class. What a waste. I could have walked all the way to the next class. Why did I put the effort into this? This isn't college yet. In fact, no one is going to judge me for what I did in high school. I should have known better. "You've started taking it too far," I tell myself. At this point, there's nothing for me to do but walk to my next class. Do they count? In what way did the professor let me get where I am now, or is it somehow part of a bargain? My guess is part of the bargain. My professor knows what I am doing -- I don't get paid in cash, so he might as well sign my ass up for this "rich man's art." He's holding my class around like an art activity center and creating music posters to take to my university and shows, so it looks like I am officially enrolling in college. That sounds better, right? But the whole idea is I'm only getting in to enjoy a Friday morning. I got the idea from my Creative Writing class at the university, which includes art history and music. Why should I go to work for them when I could be at home listening to music all day long? No one will say a thing. The instructor can go home to prepare lessons for the next class. I get the impression that she doesn't feel I'm brilliant, but my reality is that she seems okay as a teacher. What a shame. "Everyone doesn't have to take the time to go to class," she says. "I mean, when everyone else does? A lot of things could be happening as well!" I love to work out, so that's why I took this initiative and applied. I have not complained. "Do I get paid for it, or what? Just get a good start on my year of education and finish out the year strong with my degree in fine arts," she says as she lies on the way to class at 7:10 p.m.
Greensboro, North Carolina (CNN) -- Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial Thursday, detailing hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by his former mistress, whose concealment during Edwards' failed presidential run remains at the heart of the scandal.|||"Ms. Edwards repeatedly lied to Mr. Alward Edwards, and prior to the state release of that affidavit," a Washington attorney in the first case of John Edwards, Don E. Greene, told CNN on Thursday. E. Greene is now John Edwards' longtime friend. Edwards declined comment on the affidavit or the classified documents that the parties filed in court.
(EW.com) -- Guess we'll likely never find out what the Badlands were all about.|||Like the groundhog when it comes to replicating what "Motherless Brooklyn" is and had to believe, that was possible when "You've Got Mail" was out of the question. Unless someone just realized that the deal with the TV series sequembone was a non-sequel, then "You've Got Mail" would have been an even more disappointing sequel than "An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power" -- both were poorly received films but, alas, the new installment (which apparently will start production early next year) tries to get this dry-run feel back to the film by focusing on a "mystery"? (Yeah, but we'll still see cowboy Bull Connor, too.) Who this time, will we really see a predator in the making? Name a nicer guy, who bullies his bullies back? Or about a new graffiti out of nowhere that says "I do not deserve a saloon" after being arrested for murdering men's bodies? "I was ready for the bullets to fly so that I could start my own," admits theater critic Mary Lynn Rajskub, "and then I came across a scene in "Backstreet Boys" where Johnathon Schaech kills a baby that was younger than him, after he was shot." The difference here is, that "J'accuse" says "John" is short for "John's Art." "But so was "Another Boy," which is where Cory Reed played Joe Boyd. Scott Adhio played gunslinger hunter Jack Fox. Hell hath no fury, people. Just a few good looks and an insanely good horse, and the movie would have been over. Here, we just get a lot of mouth shot gun but it's nothing like the stuff in 1993," writes Daniel Kotlowitz. As hard as they tried, there was no Gunsmoke coming out of "San Andreas" with a relentless blood-spewing menace. Ryan Reynolds was all too happy to pose as the gunslinger's dad for the scene, and his gun-trained son Stirling got some nifty, camera-wielding action. But a lower-budget film that may give you nothing more than a few hundred bullets -- like, "Dead, Dead, Dead" -- might not have sold "big boy" any better than the received version of "Enemy in the Crowd" (which had a distinctly better look. Such was the age-old problem with actors playing dull, dull men in a jaded world).
(EW.com ) -- NBC's "The Voice" switched to live shows for the first time this cycle on Monday night, but a chunk of viewers shrugged off the next phase of the hit reality competition series.|||"The Voice" premiered on NBC on September 13, and managed to make the most of the tradition of a live show, wrapping up on Monday night after three weeks on the air. "Today's show airs at 9 p.m. ET/PT." As TV Guide reported Tuesday, many of the network's showrunners have yet to commit to a lead-up to the show's live performances. "The Voice" fans who kept a close eye on its livestream will be pleased to see the show held over on a small delay and the coaches unable to skip part of the warm-up rounds. According to EW.com, Susan McNutti of Entertainment Weekly pointed out that not a single coach can be caught off-guard by how fast an act has worked on the live-live portion. Mike Revocable contributed to this report.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Larry King Live."|||John Lennon, 69, had played lead guitar with Beatles for about 40 years, from 1965 to 1972, and explains the band's vast record collection of material, their extraordinary skills on stage, their acapella acapellas and their phenomenal feats of performing for half an hour blindfolded onstage. It's a striking ability, and it echoes over the allure of The Beatles' previous work. At one point, he is singing Mountaintop Canyon from the Beatles' 1960 album "The Number of the Beast," giving away the right to state he is the "number of the beast." Not surprisingly, Lennon is asking -- or talking -- to King with a sort of worldly motivation, even if the tie between two people literarily is not quite that strong: On this episode of "Larry King Live," Queen Elizabeth II called on the Beatles to get back in the studio with her, says King. "I would not mind doing it again, but I think you know she would want to hear something from them," she said. And then Queen Elizabeth II takes her hand, looking around the TV studio for years. "I think I would be very happy with the guys. She is saying, 'Don't ask, don't tell,' and I will say, 'Don't know, I don't know." "Mr. McCartney and Starr, it's very cool to see you," King Queen Elizabeth II said. "I can't imagine her being alone for a moment. Can you say the Beatles?' "Ronald Reagan put the words "meteoric leap" around the recording of a Beatles song in January. The Beatles are credited as being one of the ultimate soundtracks and is still considered one of rock and roll's most influential. "We can understand the mystique. I don't think the Beatles would stand for it," he said. "I think they wouldn't be able to live up to the credit. I would say that they are a very complex, very impressive, powerful, incredibly talented, small band. They are. They're remarkably powerful. They have very big dreams." Queen Elizabeth II, John and Ringo have been singing along to The Beatles' "Like a Stone Horse" album since 2003. "Here comes the Road," begins the "Enter the Blue Army" and that has become its song of the decade. The Beatles live at the iconic St. George's Cathedral in London. They were given a warm welcome by the Belfast Barbershop Harmony Society, where they gathered at Brown University, to learn their first official music lessons. "We were popular with the boys," Lennon said, "but the boys knew that what they were getting was no band, and so what happened is we set out to be very good." Of the three Rolling Stones' former members -- a front- and back-line drummer, bass guitarist, and guitarist -- the first has played every song, Starr took the first of the drum kit and played the rhythm guitar and everything else on his 7-inch kit "King John" while the "Star of David" right behind him. "You see, they are our gifts to this world," McCartney said. "We are their hand." McCartney and Starr's "Eye in the Sky" LP was the best-selling release of the 1970s. As performer and "Proud Mary" rockstar, they now write and perform in England in front of more than half a million people a year, including the very birthday of England's Queen Elizabeth II, according to the Recording Academy. The group's late manager, George Harrison, and manager Paul McCartney remain among their biggest fans, and Starr continues to muse about the band's incredible legacy.
(CNN) -- A Texas judge sentenced a Mexican drug gang leader to life in prison Thursday after he pleaded guilty to murder and weapons charges related to the killing of a U.S. consulate employee and her husband, officials said.|||Guzman was convicted in 2007 of orchestrating the October 30, 1996, killing of Pamela Perez, a U.S. consulate employee and her husband, officials said. Guzman, according to prosecutors, owned members of the San Joaquin Valley drug cartel Cartel and served as a leader of the cartel, prosecutors said. He "gifted," according to criminal complaints filed against him. "On November 19, 1996, Guzman put himself in danger by conspiring to kill the Perez family and the McAllen City Patrolmen," prosecutors said in a news release. "He then ordered his bodyguards to kill their two bodyguards and to bury their friends." The king guzman cartel targeted the U.S. figures for their American connections and their deaths. Prosecutors said gunmen in a wave of assaults on the senior Americans within the cartel attacked at least six times. Guzman is believed to be one of the leaders of the Mexican drug cartel that comes from the Yucatan region. He was arrested in December 2000 in the United States, but it is not clear whether he has been in the United States since. CNN's Rich Hazen contributed to this report.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. This video contains vivid images depicting extremely graphic violence.|||Editor's note: This video was released and is directed by VICE Digital.Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE, and is the web site that debuted the photographs that the organization uses in reporting. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. These photos of African women in slums throughout the world show some of the most horrifying things that some people face as they struggle to live their lives in a country far removed from their families. Young men and women routinely fight over nothing, which can translate to sexual abuse. We hope the images that follow will give you an even stronger incentive to look for ways to help. Please note that some of the images are subject to strong language, where the narrator may well be involved. The following are my personal recommendations for new video content to help people protect their children. We want to raise the profile of African women, especially those in slums that are struggling for their lives, and parents who have little or nothing to offer their children. So, we want to talk to you about some of the women you may have never heard of: the women in slums, the girls that have no possibility of getting out of the slums, the girls that have become part of the slum, the girls from neighborhoods that are often hell-bound and full of sexual abuse, the girls in the slums that are way worse than anything I have seen, the girls who shouldn't be on a computer screen -- from the girls that I've interviewed. This is only one part of a wide range of subjects that VICE chooses to explore at its Web site and on television.
Honolulu (CNN) -- President Barack Obama has now done what every president since Franklin D. Roosevelt has done -- visited the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii.|||Honoress Barbara Robinson tells the president she wants to join him to pay her respects to those who died during the attack. She explained the importance of seeing the USS Arizona in person. "We all know how much the carrier has contributed to our own daily lives," Obama said as he visited the memorial. "This memorial is meant to honor those brave service members who fought and died in the Pacific." History and heroes of the first World War visit Oceanfront National Park, Oregon. The ground is still covered with flags that represent the many nations and militaries that were impacted by the war. President George H.W. Bush was wounded on the USS Arizona in 1944. "It's an outstanding legacy of the Second World War, this place that pays the ultimate tribute to Americans who fought and died in the Pacific," Bush said. "The great idea of this memorial was something that I've always wanted to do," said the president. "We do have to take this historical moment seriously and look at where all those Americans have fallen. These flags are an important symbol, and I hope people remember them as much as they did when they were here and what we can do to continue their struggle for respect and a sense of purpose for our lost brothers and sisters who have fallen on these shores. "Today, we are honored to add the final piece to the memorial. While I want to make it a permanent memorial, it's important for the public to know that it has been a vibrant space, and I am working hard to get all of that space in place and active," Obama said at the memorial, adding that the Red Cross will soon commission a commission to carry out the site's final work. "We're not satisfied that we have preserved enough of these monuments," the president said. And he has announced plans to make repairs to parts of the memorial. In addition to the war hero heads, Saturday, President Barack Obama will mark the bicentennial of the death of World War I's Unknowns. It was in World War I that Union Air Force Capt. Walt C. Reed, the first U.S. vice-president to attend the ceremony. Reed's service in Afghanistan made him a memorial leader.
(CNN) -- In the early days of the Web, the mantra "information wants to be free" made the rounds. In music circles now, "music wants to be shared" seems to be the idea.|||The two-minute song "Forgiven," sung by members of Talking Heads, has an unthinkable message for today's crowd: share all information. The harmonies that come from, even if in small doses, paint the picture of today's music in a way that's shocking and unthinkable: We want everything from the hum of our voice to the power of our presence. That's a message, no matter how small the scope, that needs to be shared. The way in which the song "Forgiven" gets it across with such daring honesty is because it also sounds so truthful. Instead of standing proud and proud, the songwriter imagines the listener can feel what it's like to want to dance. The thought seems ludicrous to the creators of the electronic, club-band-like "The Womb," but if you bash a song and it never gets over on you, Google it anyway. In fact, this a hip-hop meme, which in case you didn't know already has taken off: users can now share one story an audio album at a time with anywhere in the world, and since 4-year-olds speak, it's out there in the near limitless universe. The only thing missing is the lyric collection. "Have a good life, muse/fear no harm," is another quote that's picked up by folks on the Internet. "Be sexy; be a muse to your community." That is, if you're good at writing. There is no one single theme for the songwriters like Randy Newman or Toni Basil that'll change the way others see music. You go, get money! If it's a few thousand bucks, that's great. If that's $250 a pop, you've won X million in record sales and Chimes! And if it's a million dollars, well, check out the other side of the buck and see if it beats your paychecks, too." But it's not all bad. One songwriter I know who does get excited about Toni Basil's latest single "If I Can Fly," is Trent Reznor, who pairs with her on a billboard record releasing a new studio album. According to Rhyme Tracks magazine, the billboards went up in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. Toni Basil released her last album in October 2011, but the thing that gets me is the thought that this has surprised the Rolling Stones. The band leaked video of them kissing passionately. Rihanna also made headlines when she put a video of herself kissing another woman on a National Geographic magazine billboard last fall. The Stones have been accused of dropping the politically incorrect adverts, which came from the authors themselves. "People are always trying to push buttons with their lives. So this will probably happen," Rocco Rhyme said in an interview with Entertainment Weekly. "We'll see if that's the case. ...  We went through periods when our taste changed, but after that, it was always a certain way that we understood our art." Rhyme? Well, that may be. At least the artist's taste probably has to change along the way. By the time most people have heard of it, their standards, especially for the status quo, could be well down the line. Remember a 4-minute song can be as big as an entire album -- in that sense, it's as much about individual style as it is about a single band. Maybe it'll be used more widely. But making the band an instant internet sensation is tricky, but I think it's worth a try. Riled up songwriters will take note. One, Taylor Swift, is most definitely not taking this right.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Three suicide car bombs were used to target a joint U.S.-Afghan base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday in an attack that left at least three Afghan soldiers and two civilians dead, officials said.|||The blaze destroyed the MASH station, set fire to a number of pickup trucks and charred several buildings, but was able to control the blaze quickly. Neither fire had the potential to catch U.S. or Afghan soldiers and staff. The Miranshah area is home to about 125,000 people, according to the Defense Ministry. They are mainly home to military advisers, provincial security forces and local residents and Afghans. Two residents of the village were killed and three others were wounded, as were two other civilians, the ministry said. The wall or earth blown out on the road was a result of the attack, it said. Emergency managers and local police were gathered near the base and assessing the situation, the ministry said. Early indications indicated the attack was not coordinated. The explosion damaged a Qalibat restaurant, vehicles, buildings and vehicles belonging to U.S. and Afghan troops. On the ground, the improvised explosive device team said, about 20 Taliban insurgents planted the booby-traps and were part of a joint operation to disable a network of battlefield mines that remain near the ground.
CABANATUAN CITY, Philippines (CNN) -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday, killing three people, according to local media.|||Indonesia, as well as the northern Philippines, were all under advisories as Parma approached to the northwest of the country, moving west at 9 a.m. PT. (2 p.m. ET), according to officials in Hong Kong, South Korea and Indonesia. The strongest winds were recorded from the center of the storm, warning of 20-to-30 mph gusts in several places. Eighteen other countries were under tropical storm warnings, including Indonesia and the Philippines, and the U.S. National Hurricane Center reported no threat to the mainland United States. The Philippines' Defense Department requested the Philippines to send an assistance plane on Monday. Sheavily affected areas in the eastern and central Philippines also included Palawan, Rizal, Batangas and Cabanatuan City, according to local media. Small storms intensify, mark danger. Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday, killing three people, according to local media. "Typhoon Parma" was 1.5 million miles east-northeast of North-Central Philippines and 1.6 million miles east-southeast of South Korea, receiving sustained winds of 164 mph (255 kph) with gusts of 172 mph (304 kph), the National Weather Service said. Winds were reported up to 210 kilometers (150 miles) per hour in areas of its tropical-storm warning. Strong winds are frequent for typhoons, the NWS said. Nine teams of Typhoon Parma International had joined together to assess the threat of the storm, it said. The storm is known as an "upper-end" typhoon when it comes to typhoon strength. Because of the strong winds, severe storm warnings are in effect in the Philippines and many Western states ahead of Parma. CNN's Jennifer Fritz reported from the scene in Cavite on Saturday night. Parma is now centered about 720 kilometers (460 miles) east-northeast of Cavite, the weather service said. It has a maximum sustained winds of 110 kph and a maximum gust of 100 kph. That is expected to become less intense as it passes. The storm is expected to weaken in the next several days. Gordon Stern, CNN meteorologist, contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Wales coach Warren Gatland considered faking an injury to one of his players during Saturday's 9-8 Rugby World Cup semifinal defeat to France, the New Zealand-born coach revealed at a press conference Tuesday.|||In an hour after Welsh World Cup coach Warren Gatland's news conference, Gatland and team physio Ian Dempsey said that from then on, he was certain that the Welsh squad would take the 1999 World Cup finalists through to the Rio Olympics in 2016. Gatland said that had not happened, "we would have been sitting here talking about it at the time, but we knew it didn't happen." The Welsh coach told reporters that there was 'nothing untoward' about Tuesday's visit to Leicester, where Gatland would speak with his lads. "Gareth proposed to me that we do a sit in. We had an accident in the side or something that set the spine up." Two years ago, Gatland and Peni Morgan famously faked a clash of heads to win a Test match in Wales against England. The idea now looks even more likely now that Wales have only just qualified for the finals of the 2013 World Cup, when plans have been put in place to use replica kits, team jerseys, say they used to create souvenir menus and book rooms for fans. "We were just in a position where the bit that we decided on [was the] private memory [referring to Tuesday]," said Godfrey Tuvoge, England's assistant coach. The 46-year-old Gatland is a former Man of the Year winner for his exploits in the 2013 World Cup and his move to the London and Leicestershire. Six Nations trophy winner, he recently got married. The former club footballer is also a dual test player, making the highest number of appearances for the England Lions in world rugby history with 184.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- A fluffy white polar bear cub that has captured German hearts is making her first public appearance Tuesday at the Nuremberg City Zoo.|||Germanian Barbara has been enjoying herself, and others, at her week-long stay at the zoo. She snuggled up with family and friends, and ate with her paws as her parents fed her. They eventually went to a nearby restaurant to take a break. "That time for a walk is over," Barbara told CNN. A spokeswoman at the zoo did not know when she would return to the zoo. "She spent a couple of days in the lab because her parents haven't been able to handle her," the zoo said in a statement. Barbara will remain at the zoo for the next month, and her future is mostly confined to the breeding program there, a spokesperson said. The researchers hope the 1-year-old will become known by her British namibian name of Jebba. The zoo, in Britain, has also considered putting a polar bear cub into the famous Gorilla House. "We're looking at other things for Jebba," the zoo's J.L. Walland said. "We've had a long campaign here, in both Europe and for the animal world. We want to try new things and we need to get rid of this guy." The UK government has launched an international campaign aimed at protecting species like Jebba. Britain is the largest home for the critically endangered species. The zoo said it will also be keeping an eye on the gorillas at the Cambridge Zoo near Cambridge. "Zoos are vital to the conservation of species and are a role model and inspiration for an ever more enlightened and knowledgeable public," the zoo said in a statement. Zoo 3, one of only three zoos in Europe, is also making an impact. The New England Zoo said in a statement in January that it "is going to be undergoing serious research this year to ensure the welfare of the zoo's polar bears." The zoo is also also planning on feeding its giant black-legged primates. The WWF's London chapter described little Barbara as a "beautiful, natural, wonderful polar bear with a fantastic personality. "Zoos of Europe and the United States have been working together with the German government to research how to save big-water giant bears," a statement read.
(CNN) -- A brown bear and her cub mauled a group of teenage boys deep in the Alaskan wilderness, forcing rescuers to scramble early Sunday to help the injured.|||A friend alerted the hunter, who happened to be a wolf ridding of its wolf pack in Douglas County, a spokeswoman for The Alaska Wilds said Sunday. "Those boys were obviously badly hurt," said Adrian Garcia, spokesman for the Dairyshaak Regional Park. The bear mauled one 15-year-old boy, though emergency responders gave no reason to believe he'd been attacked and have given authorities cause to suspect animal cruelty. The other six were treated for minor injuries, Garcia said. At least 15 black bears were heard traveling nearby in a truck, the spokeswoman said. The dead bear could be one of the packs. The wolf pack was reinforced with several archery guns as a warning, Garcia said. The bear and its cub have now been moved into the backyards of two older boys who were "clearly not in the best shape," he said. "They actually started pulling on them."
(CNN) -- David Villa came to Spain's rescue again to put the European champions into the World Cup semifinals for the first time with a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Paraguay in Johannesburg on Saturday night as both teams missed a penalty.|||The captain protected Spain for the home side as he went up to receive a free kick just inside the area following a foul from Paraguay goalkeeper Fabio Boechler. Villa capitalised on a moment of weakness from Boechler as a sharp cross by the Argentinian moved him through on goal but he failed to guide home an equaliser. It was the second time in three matches that Villa, who had previously missed a penalty as Spain went down to Argentina, has been in goal for his side. Last Sunday he was involved in a penalty controversy when he out-flanked Argentina team-mate Lionel Messi in a contest which Argentina ended level on a 53rd minute goal. They rebounded to level but a Villa penalty was then deflected into the net. On Saturday, the 30-year-old forward lifted the World Cup finalist into the semifinals for the first time, with Argentina out of the competition. Yet Villa's heroics came in the eighth minute when he broke clear in the build-up to his shot but was denied by Brazilian goalkeeper Pepe at the back post. The role of Paraguay goalkeeper Alfredo Dago also was an issue for his team-mates as the World Cup debutant failed to find the touch to hold off a frantic Argentina. However, goalkeeper Boechler warned him before the end of the match not to play the amateur goalkeeper with his level. Alongside Bravo in the back, their former teammate Javier Mascherano was also troubled by the Brazilian goalkeeper's tackle. Villa gets redemption in friendlies. Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo claimed the World Cup's opening penalty against Paraguay in 2007. But that has proved impossible to beat in the World Cup finals, where the hosts are hoping to claim their first major title since 1958 at a sports stadium it once owned. With Villa and Cavani at the heart of both goals on Saturday, it was Barca as well as Italy who would have hoped to return to the final. Villas-Bocha and Villa returnIt was the third match in a week in which Spain had opened the scoring, and it came as little surprise that the sixth minute of injury time saw Cavani pull it back again. This time it was Aguero who ensured it was 2-0 inside four minutes as he beat David Luiz, the Paraguay goalkeeper, with the simple finish. Villa also deserved to be at the heart of that victory having missed out on an earlier penalty himself in the match against Argentina earlier in the tournament. But this time his clanger moved Barcelona to victory over Portugal with only seconds to play. He also headed in a cross-bar in a frantic second half before the equaliser went off against France's FranceCatherine O'Brien. See also: Top 10 women.
(CNN) -- For a man dubbed "The Big Easy," Ernie Els isn't putting his feet up anytime soon.|||That's enough for Ernie Els. "I came here to try and win this tournament. It's going to be a great experience for all of us. The whole United States is going to be looking forward to it, but mainly for me," said Els, speaking to CNN after a practice round in Ireland on Monday. "That was a good test for me. Everyone tried to match me a little bit, and they did. I just felt fine. I felt healthy." With two rounds to go on Monday he won the U.S. Senior Open. He finished joint tournament leader at one-over 73, and four wins from 11 appearances this season. Els clinched his fourth U.S. Senior Open when he beat Michael Phelps 11 strokes behind at Pinehurst to win the Omega European Open. In his career, he has won 23 PGA Tour events and an average of $2.38 million.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court has blocked the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders who have served their federal sentences after the Obama administration claimed many of them remain "sexually dangerous."|||The ruling means that many sexually violent men and women from the nation's most populous state, California, could stay behind bars. It could also include their spouses and children. "We have reached an important milestone in our efforts to increase safety for law enforcement by addressing this issue. And we hope that other federal courts will recognize the importance of these important factors when taking up this issue," Robert Hurley, the lead attorney representing the inmates who were cleared of charges, said in a statement. And, in seeking to ensure that the prisoners are immediately returned to their family members, Hurley's firm argued that hundreds of Virginia men and women will remain in the country and "may be able to have sex with young children," Hurley said. After serving more than a decade in jail, Hurley's firm, called the arguments "just legally persuasive" and said he was encouraged by the 8th Circuit's decision. Justice Clarence Thomas wrote the majority opinion for the decision, citing concurring and opposing opinions from Justice Solicitor General Robert C. Brennan. Hurley's three-judge panel ruled that many of the federal prisoners should stay behind bars until their families are notified and can make their own final pleas and requests for clemency, Hurley said. The Supreme Court backed Hurley's arguments this month, agreeing that most of the federal prisoners cannot be released until their federal appeals courts have ruled on their releases. "There is no objective way of knowing when a person who is in prison can be released and whether they are in the country's most populated state, that is, with the exception of Georgia and Connecticut," Hurley said. Hurley said the Court must determine the release dates for most of the 50,000 sex offenders who remain in custody. About 12,000 sex offenders - who have completed their sentences but who the court said were not allowed to leave the country until they are released from prison - were convicted in California of violating an order of protection, Hurley said. Fourteen sex offenders and six individuals were convicted by trial but are still in jail. The 2011 ruling allowed the federal government to release the federal prisoners, while their families and advocates argue they should be granted clemency. Federal prosecutors have argued that they could send their cases to other states without any possibility of appeal because their cases involve new charges and due to the complexity of their appeals process. Due to the fact that so many of the cases were brought by men who have had time to prepare for release, the program wasn't designed to specifically honor the guilty pleas of the adults convicted on those charges. Federal prosecutors were making the argument that only sex offenders -- including men who had been convicted of the more serious crimes of sexually assaulting children or rape--should be released if their appeals courts ruled for them. But many of the Texas men were convicted on charges of raping their family members in public places, Hurley said. The high court also rejected the federal government's request to issue updated sentences for the individuals in their late teens and 30s. However, the court noted that only state-level sentences -- which are generally more lenient -- need a year to serve. The president has an option to set a new sentencing phase for life sentence for those who agree to make sex offender counseling, the prosecutors wrote in the court ruling. The Justice Department argued that the federal court should make more of its remand hearings available to sex offenders as well as the parole board and public safety division. The nine-page order is dated August 29, 2015, and it says a portion of its contents can be copied from this page. In court papers and accompanying briefs, the court asked the defendants to send two new sets of letters explaining the consequences of preventing entry into the country. "You have not accepted the decision, and we strongly urge you to do so," the three-paragraph letter says. "Please re-read your letter, and ask for a chance to consider your legal options." During sentencing, the Supreme Court has pointed to the possibility that sex offenders who serve a federal sentence may have other challenges to their release. So many people remain in the country with no hope of ever leaving. Three victims have moved from the United States to the United States. "Yes, there are often times when the [the justice department] refers to the letters in the court of appeal that support the administration's position and seeks to send them over to federal custody. They may seek release to children's states. Sometimes, even where such parties don't live in the U.S., the case is decided in federal court, but they ultimately are released back to the jurisdiction of their home state," Hurley said. "Some of the post-conviction remains a difficult decision for federal prosecutors to make," Hurley said.
(CNN) -- Two former World Cup champions have already crashed out of contention for this year's trophy, and a third one will join them on Tuesday.|||"As a consequence of the result, we have had a nightmare on our journey to the final," Hajib Alonto said. The Spanish midfielder joins England, who eliminated Roma from the FA Cup at the weekend, and a Belgium side beaten 2-0 by leaders Belgium at the Belgian capital of Brussels. Aloiano had scored in every competitive match for Madrid until he was substituted in the 76th minute of their clash with Napoli. That sent them into the quarter-finals of Europe's premier club competition and means they will meet Real Madrid again in the final eight on Sunday, four days after winning the European League title on home soil. Ronaldo is France's top scorer on 25 goals but his side have been a real disappointment at the Etihad this season after starting the season in the fifth and final qualifying position. Hassan and Jung-Il Hoon, who have won both their caps for South Korea, both joined the tournament to lift major trophies for the national teams and received their clubs for the Europa League final at Real's expense last weekend. The evening tea that followed the Champions League final's scheduled start in Barcelona was more successful for Inter Milan, which defeated Sampdoria, who are due to play Italy in Florence on Wednesday. Manager Gian Piero Ventura's former country, not under the control of coach Luis Enrique, also lost a tough game at home to Turkey as the home side were knocked out by Switzerland. Former World Cup winner Roberto Carlos lost 1-0 to Germany, who eliminated Italy in their quarter-final. His team were also eliminated as they failed to beat Venezuela with coach Juan Antonio Pizzi on the bench. Former Argentina coach Diego Maradona was unbeaten in 64 international games with 33 goals. For much of the evening Spain tried to gain an edge over the Iberian club, but they combined well and their opponents quickly pulled clear. "We played a fantastic game, but against that team we couldn't get anything. The result of the game means that the rest of the season is an illusion, and that for me is the biggest shame," Alonso told the official website of his club. With the Japanese team in eighth place in the Inderland League, the Asian Champions League's teams left behind are the ones making Spain feel at home at the World Cup in Russia. Alonso led his own team to the 2012 Champions League final by beating arch-rivals Barcelona in the semifinals. Spain will now have a two-legged tie with Inter Milan and Napoli starting Saturday.
(CNN) -- The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a car in July has been charged with criminally negligent homicide, according to police in Connecticut.|||So, 49, was arrested Friday and charged with infant criminal negligence causing the death of Antonio Delguidue, authorities said. Police used body camera video taken by a family member and found a sick child, whom Delguidue "was known to" as Danny. Delguidue, of LaCrosse, Connecticut, was accused in the July 3 death of his son, Antonio Delguidue, who he also lived with, Ned Gorton, a city police spokeswoman, said. A grandmother told police that her great-grandchild died after Delguidue. Gorton said he had told her that the infant was hungry, and she called the ambulance. When the girl and Delguidue arrived, she looked in distress, she told authorities. The boy was found later that day, police said. Delguidue died three days later. The charge is consistent with a complaint that Delguidue and the baby's mother left the two in the hot car and shut the doors, resulting in a fatal car accident, according to city police spokesman Carl Beneko. Delguidue was released in August after more medical examiners ruled he could not be given medical care because he was wearing diapers. The baby's brother, Julio Pellegrini, told NBC affiliate WTIC that Nelson Delguidue, that he believed his infant son was very sick. His uncle told WTIC that Delguidue was scared and there was no blood or life-threatening danger for the baby, in which he was scared, according to court documents. It was late July when Delguidue arrived at a hospital. He died in a hospital on July 26, 17 days after Delguidue's death, prosecutors said. Nelson Donnell, 50, was taken in for an evaluation on July 25, but died a week later after being taken to the ICU emergency room with complications from his injuries, according to court documents. A pre-sentence investigation ruled the death a homicide, said police, "because Delguidue's negligent homicide." The detective who found the boy told police he initially thought the boy was just walking and then became confused and couldn't see, but then called the police, they said. Police found that the boy had been wrapped in an adult's shirt. The boy's body was taken to the Norwalk Community Hospital, where it was examined by a medical examiner, authorities said. Delguidue, who is a father and has 13 children of his own, was released from jail Sunday. He has been charged with criminal negligence causing the death of his son. DeLuguidue's sister, Michelle Sheppard, told CNN in a statement that her father had told her to stop using a car as a hotel room when he bought it, and when she saw the boy she "was like a little kid again." Authorities said he and his family became victims of human trafficking and were deprived of any lawful access to housing due to his and her age. Sheppard was charged with other offenses, as well as contributing to child trafficking. The girl said she did nothing wrong.
(CNN) -- Two of Europe's smaller clubs got lucky on Friday following match-fixing sanctions imposed on Turkish teams.|||The case stems from the takeover of the two clubs -- Congo Bíritz and AC Milan -- by Turkish investors the Football Association banned from doing business with clubs from the region. The Israeli club will not be admitted to Euro 2013, or any major European competition, unless its match fixing attempts are uncovered first. Premier League club Chelsea lost to bottom-of-the-table Trabzonspor 2-0 on Friday in their pre-season friendly at the Portugal Olympic Stadium. The winner of today's match will face Manchester United in the Premier League on November 28. Tomorrow's winner takes on Chelsea's Premier League rivals Chelsea, in the season's first major European finals since Barcelona lost the 2003/2004 World Cup to AC Milan.
(CNN) -- A series of U.S. diplomatic cables from early this year directly accused Syria of supplying advanced weaponry, including SCUD ballistic missiles, to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon.|||Aleppo, Syrian opposition stronghold in Aleppo. Syrian Armed Forces push to liberate Aleppo. Tension in Syria is fueled by the fighting in Aleppo and the ongoing civil war between the Syrian government and rebels. This week, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government of using torture, waterboarding and other tactics to torture captives and their families, and of enslavement, death and medical enslavement. She told reporters Thursday that she is "terribly concerned about what happens in Syria if that government does not act." Rescuers in Palmyra, where government forces are battling Shiite rebels, set off alarms on Wednesday. "Two in particular have been seen at a military base in Palmyra, where a young woman is said to have been tortured by pro-Syrian troops," Rice said in a statement. "The nearby center has been named Palmyra. It is in the Syrian government control." CNN's Hannah Athos and Jordan Haydn contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday she is "praying" that President Bush has a change of heart and does not veto a bipartisan children's health insurance bill that he has labeled an unwarranted expansion of government-run health insurance.|||Pelite Democrats were on hand for Monday's meeting, where Pelosi spoke with members of the media after Democrats, some Democrats and Republicans gathered around the House after Republicans debated their proposal during the Democratic Caucus meeting. The House passed a bill Thursday that will provide for free child health care and provide a substitute for the health insurance of "Medicare for all" and provides children with college tuition. The measure may now go to the Senate after President Bush is likely to make an appeal to the Republican-controlled Congress for votes Friday afternoon. House Majority Leader Newt Gingrich, R-Georgia, called the Senate a "civil war." Senate Minority Leader Richard Lugar, R-Indiana, called the White House a "federal executive" and on Thursday night dropped a similar appeal to Gov. Jeb Bush in a telephone call with reporters. Pelosi, who helped put together a list of the bills that had been approved by the House, is the only Democrat to reach out to the White House about the issue, according to aides familiar with her approach. She said that several other Democrats are considering how to respond to the proposal. "I don't know if they'll say no and make it the whole bill. I will say that I hope they will. But, I think the way we're doing this is: We're trying to make some decisions and I guess we're going to make some of those." On Thursday, Democrats who are on the record against the bill threatened not to sign on until there was a second vote on the health care legislation, although they conceded that there probably would not be one on Friday afternoon as the House Speaker's office had not yet received the agreement. He is also leaving the possibility of a veto open, according to aides, with Republicans generally indicating that they may not want a president who is not an enthusiastic proponent of the legislation. Pelosi also expressed caution to Republicans about another bill that contained controversial riders concerning the treatment of minority populations. Obama had allowed passage of legislation designed to prevent church-state violence last week. Democrats had hoped that Republicans would go along with the bill because in the past, some Republicans have voted to extend term limits for members of Congress.
(CNN) -- Call it a political "fumble."|||In Obama's 2012 campaign, she says she has the hard work of a hard working former-voting Republican senator -- and it's only January. It was Obama who got the idea to use all-women teams to write invitations to such events. "Congressional Democrats are sitting here right now," she said last week at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Summer Program in Davenport, Iowa. "We have a New Democratic president making a speech. ... I don't want you to think that I am afraid of using women, or women's issues." In a speech to residents of 17 Illinois townsfolk, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell pulled out all the stops -- even trying to get women elected to national political committees to run on all-woman campaigns -- to try to convince them that all women candidates do their jobs well. Much of the talk of Oval Office tea parties originated with celebrations of President Bobby Kennedy in 1970, when he signified America's independence. In 1961, during a White House lunch, he asked former members of Congress to read a speech he wrote titled, "On Race and Women," during which he said he was working on the issue "against the political views of not only elected white men but also the will of women." In 1981, then-Illinois Gov. Mike Hatch scheduled a White House debate on immigration, in which he declared that a "climate crisis is a culture war against women and the working class." A year later, in 1983, he called an urgent convention to explain why the nation should tolerate marriage equality. Reid's lie dropped Obama, and the next day, 16 more governors called her to order. "As I watched my Cabinet ministers and state service officers get together, girls from my own town took the prize by car to a church where they could observe the children learning about writing as they worked," she said. Voters enjoyed her address on their behalf, and attendees gave her a standing ovation, many of them Obama supporters. "Today, we put on an entire government administration function that was supposed to address the possibility that the President's ideology will harm our country and displace us all," she said. "When women spoke out against Bush's commitment to not sell our cattle to the African Queen and his lack of leadership when colonial times ended, we recognized that our nation was in danger of becoming an African plantation." In 2009, former President John F. Kennedy was elected to the Senate on a platform to cut unrecorded video tape and advertise it at White House functions. In a national address in 2007, he urged Arab President Adolph Abdelaziz to confront Israeli corruption and spark a wider focus on police and army corruption, and target low-level officers, holding them accountable.
(CNN) -- The King is dead -- or so they say, even though his original crypt is empty.|||Prince's tomb is empty and marked on the Internet. See original story for story, from the Associated Press. "The stories on a UK cable channel. King Tut -- the first Pharaoh?" asks one query. Prince Hosni of Egypt, at last, died August 27 after a long illness, according to his son, Khadija Palamin. Khadija shares with Queen Amal in both films. "I must have been expecting a Skype call," he told CNN in 2007. He appeared in his first film, "The Sky Ranger," in 1953 and was found to have been an invalid shortly afterward after filming had wrapped. A casket carrying his casket and throne was buried in his burial ground in Egypt. But in a 2003 CNN interview, he said that he remembered his Egyptian days, particularly the death of King Tut. "It was with great sadness that I met the people of Egypt," Khadija said. They said they suspected the royal family after he died that the film "The Sky Ranger" would have moved to Egypt and it was only then that he had his image made. Photo: Disney/Pixar. "I was prepared to go the entire way with it but that is not good," he said. King Tut had developed a reputation for being daring and an athletic icon, for instance, taking his own life in 1969 in a failed Egyptian uprising. "I wanted it to be the beginning of something, which is why you never see the future." His son was spending his days with the royal family and Egypt installed a new king at the retinue of famed statues in his home town, such as the "Egyptian" one -- painted by Egyptian artist Ayman Omal. The two-toned stone throne had a gem-and-crabbed gold crown. The King was replaced by a three-toned piece, supposedly from a Greek sculptor at a time when his state was under an Egyptian king. Russians figured it out in 1964, and added a Russian artist into the team. Omani Director Sam Fairbrother is going to be directing his own animated tribute to the King this year. He died August 11. In 2006, Vanity Fair reported that the film would be released by British television network Sky.
(CNN) -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's attempt to spread the festive cheer turned into a turkey after social media users mocked his new Christmas card.|||The New Year greeting features two birds feeding on a chicken. But one of the birds is a turkey which has struck social media. They are the photos used to create the cards. Blair, who resigned as prime minister Sunday after 17 years, posted the photo to Twitter last month. On Facebook, he said: "I've had 'the first question,' '' to which the answer is' Yes.' That cannot possibly be true. "Are they mocking me? Is it true they're trying to say that my last Christmas card contained as much Christmas dishes as a bottomless tub of Chicken Pasta Cordon Bleu with Dammit Ribs? Despite everything that I've put into it, it's still on display." He also added, "I want to apologize to all of my staff and the British people for any inconvenience. I have made no deliberate error in thinking this Christmas card could possibly have been one of the most unsuitable occasions on record." The tweets continued into the night, with angry comments such as "@PrimeMinistercut on Twitter" and "@SunTimesEven I don't understand Twitter." They also used the internet's "it' can" trend to make fun of Black people, repeatedly posting slurs on a black person and another bird. Despite his tweets being removed, the Daily Mail reported Monday that an entire group of friends objected to his new card. “Should he resign? No, seriously. How is that humanitarian? The rest of us have been created for such petty fancies?” wrote John Hillbrow. A charity started a petition to save the bird off trading markets by paying for travel travel fees and making a professional photographer take photos of it. Obama has a Thanksgiving menu of turkey and greens to share with those around him. But it appears people aren't all that keen. "When what I have posted is kind of offensive," tweeted Tony Blair. "It's foolish of me. I've seen only a fraction of the mockery this afternoon on Twitter." Many users commented that they did not support the video and felt it was not a true reflection of a supportive country. "Isn't it more aggressive when people choose to make others sick?" tweeted Cityam. Another took aim at Whitehall official Lord John Whittingdale. "Just terrible and unnecessary provocation," tweeted another user, who also accused Blair of deliberately baiting his Twitter followers. "People are now getting suspicious," wrote another. Labour MP Caroline Cripps, "even if it is a fake, thoughtless and uninspired move" called Blair's tweets to joke about the bird being "fines." "The other response from the army office of defense and security on the Government Web site was that this is a complete page hog, it's a blank page, it has not been written or designed by anyone," she tweeted, while saying she also had screenshots of Blair's letter to her colleagues which showed that it was written after his resignation. The BBC has not been able to reach Mrs. Blair for comment. CNN's Cynthia Toub and Jennifer Eaton contributed to this report.
More than two decades after the death of the systematic racial discrimination policy of apartheid, a community living southeast of South Africa's capital Pretoria is being accused of trying to keep its racist ideals alive.|||An attempted hiding of the controversial property was discovered last week in Edendale, in an area of the southern South African country that was once a sensitive religious spot. The secretive site is one of a handful in the entire country that had been closed for nearly two decades and whose residents have often denied being racist. But new evidence is emerging that, despite outward appearances, the community where the land mine sits has in fact, long preached a kind of racial discrimination in its social structure. "Racism is a deeply rooted consciousness," according to a police report released Thursday in the home of a local resident named Afreeni. "People here were born into a discrimination structure. They were born into a country where there was discriminatory consciousness, which they still are. This is the venomous hatred that exists even with us living under the separation of South Africa. "When we study the history of Apartheid in South Africa, it's shocking to see that in every country there are racial attitudes and racial outlooks that the African national nation continues to have." The report says that, although earlier actions have such a negative effect on blacks psychologically, the general context in which South Africa developed after the liberation of Africa from the rule of white apartheid people resulted in widespread gains for whites. Such gains were made by the crimes against black Africans, which are sometimes referred to as "ruthless discrimination." Discrimination between whites and blacks was especially violent in the church. Worshippers came to a halt this week after being told by the church's Pastor that the religious authority had established a new hate-making measure to punish any group that created discord in the community: "They should desecrate and destroy all the flags and any symbolism that could show them as racist, while also committing damage to the role model for black children and black worshippers." Once the law was passed in 1990, the deed was sealed. But in August, a church member found a trashed African flag in the house of a white pastor. An anonymous letter explaining the issue alleged that the church had decided to make the offensive flag to police. "We will keep the flag private until after the law is amended to allow public use on April 16 for both the blatant display of racism by the white pastor's members and the racist graffiti found in the church rooms," the letter said. It also said: "The church does not know the meaning of the scripture in regard to embracing the black race as God has blessed them." Author: Kavaka Tabela, producer.
YUZHNO-SAKHALINSK, Russia (Reuters) -- A brown bear killed a tourist camping on an island off Russia's Far East coast on Thursday and was then shot by fellow campers, local police said.|||And on Thursday, local police said one of the group was shot dead, as two others fired on the bear, which killed the person who was not on the territory. Two adult females and three cubs survived. Of the three cubs, one is still alive. The government, Russia's environmental protection agency, said the bear's death was accidental and not a work of nature or of pollution. The communist Russian Tsar died in December 1998 and his family relocated with him to Georgia in 1958, according to the International Organization for Conservation (IOC). The Irkutsk and Novosibirsk regions are both known for their presence of bears. Tsar Alexander Tatar participated in government and international teams that collect scientific data on live bears from Russia. "I'm not going to comment on scientific research or about the misbehaviour of animals, but the authorities' latest incident on Ural, where a bear was shot and killed, has already triggered a state of emergency," WWF Russia director Anatoly Dimitryev told Russian news agencies. "The main objective of that emergency was to prevent bears on the territory from moving against campers." The department's study of bears and their behaviour is led by Okada A Nature Center, which has published papers on its website. The best way to locate wildlife is to conduct multiple studies on them, according to WWF. The local police do not know what caused the man's death, but a local prosecutor is investigating. The bear was last spotted in the park on August 24, Dzerzhinsky district of the village of Novosibirsk, 200 km (125 miles) southwest of the Russian capital, the city of tsarsk.
Tom Hanks has revealed that he has been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes.|||Tom Hanks, 59,, whose last movie was 2007's "Up in the Air," released a video unveiling his latest health status which was confirmed by his publicist on his verified Twitter account. Several months ago, Hanks posted a series of Twitter videos revealing that he had been "recently diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes." The actor, who shot the movie "The Shallows" in 2008, said that although the study showed it is incurable, 20 percent of humans on the mainland could develop the condition. Hanks wrote, "Last time I checked I was overweight and had diabetes. I had no idea. I get a little dizzy a lot when I'm on stage," he said. "It's becoming a reality. I'm going on a diet, which has to work every day." After days of firming up his resume and a string of acting roles, Hanks tweeted this month: "I've been officially diagnosed. Quite a job. Could I have a beer at home? No. I can be there for my family -- what a great phone call that was!" Hanks denied he had been asked by his publicist to reveal his health condition. "It is not something that's made public and it's not something that I'm ever going to mention," he told Entertainment Tonight in a statement. "I worked really hard in Hollywood -- this is not a career I'm going to talk about. It's a job that takes a lot of time, and I've been very lucky. It's not like I was walking on eggshells." Hanks said he could not go into detail about why he has been diagnosed, but said he has been treated through dietary change and exercise. Other spokesman said it is "annoying" that Hanks is not performing at a higher level of fitness but he wants to maintain his fitness. "Mr. Hanks has been to a renowned fitness center (where he eats "formula three") and he does rigorous yoga," the spokesman said. "I never pushed him to any crazy amounts," he said. Although Hanks has dealt with other health issues in the past, he has kept to a sensible diet. His transformation from a hard-hitting weight-lifter to acting athlete showed early signs of success. He said at stage 25 that he had lost weight and had gained about 170 pounds. After wrestling Tony Jada on stage and grabbing a scandalous performance by former professional boxer Michael Jordan, Hanks lost about 120 pounds. Health concerns Hanks has suffered serious health problems. He was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in 1996. Later that year, he suffered a high blood pressure and was hospitalised. Other than that, he has struggled to find the balance between working out and regular daily activities. Years of poor health caused by poor diet and poor care during two decades with a back injury have contributed to Hanks his struggle with memory loss. He said his health has improved following treatment. There are also benefits to surviving cancer, though he denies that doctors treated him regularly. "My doctors have cured me of all my medical conditions," he said. "I have new strength and strength, new energy and I hope that they continue to do so." Hanks has been playing several roles this year, as a doctor, actor, motivational speaker and other actor. Back in 2001, when he was unemployed and once briefly jailed, he started offering incentives to contractors to help promote the cause of disability reform. Hanks won a lawsuit for exposing them. The verdict was overturned, but the jury sidelined him for criminal damage; he was given probation and ordered to become a consular guard. He has also worked with veterans' groups. Hanks last appeared in "Gold and Green" as a nurse. "During one gym trip, my boss, the nurse got robbed," he said, adding "I ended up in a woman's home robbed."
(CNN)The videos taken by citizens of Paris during Wednesday's attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo indicate significant training on the part of terrorists. Here are some things any military professional would observe:.|||Photos from onsite at the site show the day the battle began, which ended when a third officer, Cajun Chedballe, strikes down the men who hold the three targets in a cave in the Rue du Bois-Royal, located about 20 minutes from the scene of Wednesday's shooting. The suspects charged and spent the next 15 minutes shooting sporadically with a revolver they later surrendered to authorities. The gunmen then captured seven women, several of them armed with semiautomatic firearms, and opened fire on a crowd of civilians -- some firing long guns, others using a large-caliber handgun -- leaving more than 20 people dead. French officials are now investigating the circumstances surrounding Wednesday's shooting rampage. The actions of the French gunmen: why the bikers? The bikers wore suits and helmets and were in clear view of the scene. They seemed to have an easy time negotiating, but came under heavy fire from the bikers, who began shooting in rapid succession. Gunman in final shots. After those gunshots, the bikers took cover. French mayor Olivier Legrand condemned the French Armed Forces for their actions and their heavy presence at the scene, adding that they were the "situational armed arm of the authorities." The gunmen also had set up what looked like an armored vehicle with a machine gun mounted on the roof and the SA-41 long-range assault rifle. The vehicles carried the rifles to what the men described as the attack scene, said Horro Roslier, the city's regional coordinator for the Protection of Civilians. CNN's Scott Rouge, Ron Rowland and Jamie Preston contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal will face longtime rival Roger Federer in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters on Saturday in a rematch of the event's past two title matches.|||Apt. 8-7 and 6-0 lead in a best-of-five quarterfinal was served up easily by eighth-seeded Radimiro Dimitrov and Mikhail Kukushkin in a one-hour 19-minute second-set tiebreaker. More than 18 hours later, second-ranked Roger Federer continued to dominate in a 6-0 6-0 rout of Nadal in the men's quarterfinals. The record 31-year-old Spaniard will play former French Open champion Novak Djokovic in the next match, with the favorites having earned home advantage in the match. Despite a tournament all about the ATP's newest star, there is still some message for the home crowd to ensure Nadal's revenge against Djokovic, who beat him in the last two Masters Series finals. Djokovic saw his 1998 Spanish Open final triumph slip away when he suffered a back injury early in the second set, recuperated in time to defeat fellow three-time Spanish Open champion Nadal, who beat Federer at the Mallorcan stadium in June last year. The two former champions again met in the quarterfinals this season, with Nadal winning 7-6, 7-6, for his best result of the year, the only time they have faced each other in a competition. But Nadal has not had the same luck against Federer since completing his 2006 men's title defense in Mumbai, India. The two have battled three times in their careers but Federer has won five titles in Spain -- including the last five, including two at the Mercedes-Benz Masters. The two have shared eight grand slam titles. But the oldest-ever doubles champion, Nadal and his partner Edouard Murray of France, have an unbeaten 72-match career head-to-head record. David Ferrer, who beat former world No. 2 Andy Murray in the opening round at the Italian Open last month, and Dutchman Robin Soderling are looking forward to a battle with the 34-year-old Federer at the Halle, Holland tournament. Elsewhere in the Italian campaign, Frenchman Nicolas Mahut -- the fifth seed in the men's standings who won last year's tournament -- will take on top-ranked Spaniard Julien Benneteau. The fourth seed and countryman reached the semifinals for the first time in Madrid this year and has never faced Nadal in a semifinal match at a Masters event before. Federer and Nadal came from behind to win the first set 7-6 (10-8) before the former downed the 2010 champion in the opening two sets. Nadal was tested in the second set by 11th seed Robin Haase's serve as he served for the set, but Nadal converted his break. "The first set was a battle -- the entire match," Nadal said after winning 3-6 7-5 7-6 (7-3). Earlier Saturday, Nadal took on Dutchman Robin Soderling to earn his own World No. 1 ranking, a milestone at a tour event he has been playing since 1999, but he lost 7-5 7-6 (7-3) to 10th seed Roberto Bautista Agut. The 1999 French Open winner is facing Belgian Wimbledon finalist Karel Janlechner, who reached the last four of the Masters tournament in 2013 before losing to Nadal in two sets in their only encounter. Federer, who did not appear in the 2012 Wimbledon final, will face Oceane Dodin in the other semifinal, hoping to continue the recent run of recent victories. Australian Australian David Horrocks will play German Martino Di Natale in the other semifinal, while Serbia's Juli Inkovic faces Nikola Mektic in the other.
Washington (CNN) -- The parents of slain American journalist James Foley said Friday the U.S. and other governments will eventually have to negotiate with the Islamist group that beheaded their son in August.|||Julrina Foley tells CNN her son was abducted "in a hurry" on his way from his father's hometown of Texarkana, Texas, to its embassy in Jordan. She and her husband, David, did not specify a month. "James was on his way to Jordan for a meeting in which he was going to be picked up by two young brothers in their formative years, from Syria." They had visited his family in Syria last year and had traveled to Somalia. Their son suffered what they believe was a severe beating, according to the White House and Jordan. Foley said her sons faced terrorist groups including the U.S.-sponsored al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. "ISIS isn't in his interest," she said. "But I think his terrorists did meet the criteria and that that was meant to happen and that we were the ones who had to recognize, accept, and work with them." "I think they had a responsibility to meet with us," the Oregon-born journalist said. "We worked with them for about eight weeks, and then we didn't see them again." The Foley's were in the town of Kassam, northwest of Jeddah, when the gunmen who abducted them killed their 12-year-old daughter, Katherine. Most of their family was killed in the bombing, while three other relatives were in the area. Reuniting with CNN's Sam Kassam, who was among the five Americans killed. The Al Qaeda-linked group is fighting a war in the central African nation of Iraq. An unknown number of Americans were killed in that conflict, while the Taliban has been accused of killing civilians and bombing ethnic groups there. As Kassam lay dying in an Oman plane crash in June, the group killed her fiancée of nine years, Michael Ishaq.
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world's No. 1 golf ranking for a 271st week at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational starting in Ohio on Thursday.|||Woodings' latest performance produced the fifth best score of his career of 14-under-par 62 to win his fifth major in Round 2, three shots ahead of fellow American Matt Kuchar in Indianapolis at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational. Woods, who recently turned 41, shot another impressive performance for a two-under 69 at the Western Open in Utah on Sunday to win by 10 shots. Kuchar, who shot rounds of 272, 272 and 272, won by a 14 shot at Lake Sebring in 2010. This time Woods could be facing a difficult road, facing three tough front-runners in Thomas Pieters, Bubba Watson and Rahm. Top handicap: Tiger Woods is currently in 15th place in the world rankings, with his average score of 214.3. Woods knows he can dominate back-to-back events this week, but hopes to avoid mistakes.
(CNN) -- The terrorist attacks on America on September 11, 2001, gave his administration a clear goal and him the resolve to find out who was responsible and "kick their ass," former President George W. Bush writes in his new book.|||Bush: What he learned from the September 11 attacks was what the American public understands.Bush says the United States can beat global enemies. But it could not do so, Bush writes. He also says he thinks that American history has changed and, for a long time after 9/11, that Islamic extremism changed America. "Embracing the identity of God ... became the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in the world," Bush said in a CNN interview. "Because here, you had an inherited system in which there's no place in which such extremism flourished... But there was no room for personality. ... I think it was the moment when you understood your country became a reflection of all the ways that American brotherhood is, but also, we were united in our belief in America. You're only as good as your brotherhood." Bush says the directive from al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden narrowed his focus on the events of September 11, 2001, when two women died in the terror attacks. The president acknowledges that al Qaeda continued to increase its attacks in Iraq, and he advises the Bush administration to pursue his goal of ending al Qaeda's policy in the Middle East. Bush's statement also is at odds with Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush, who has said he trusts a cleric who questioned the motives of 9/11 terrorist Carlos Silva, and has said the order to take out "The Count" was signed by President Clinton. "It's clear that the intel folks within the White House chose not to utilize their time wisely," Bush said in June. He also said Al Qaeda expressed "tremendous respect" for the fallen heroes of the attack. When answering questions on why he decided to take out the two Taliban members, Bush said the al Qaeda spokesman at the time did not "really seem to be on the right side of the family." "You do want to be there, because sometimes these are more serious matters," he said. "Sometimes you're not going to trust somebody. Sometimes you're not going to like someone." At the time, Clinton, who is now vice president, was the president's chief of staff. Upon assuming office, he insisted that Obama take a more decisive approach than Bush had taken. But the president backed down, saying the decision to use military force must be made based on evidence and warnings made to the bomber. "The president was disappointed, but determined to focus more on finishing this mission, and to put in the full effort to defeat them," he said. Obama recently said he doesn't trust the "Al Qaeda terrorists" who came to blows over the attacks, but the president said he and the rest of the administration "are resolutely committed to going after" al Qaeda. Al Qaeda has been branded "ISIS" and has accused the government of issuing false evidence to delay the prosecution of the American Islamist attackers.
(CNN) -- Florida appears set to recognize same-sex marriages on January 6, after the U.S. Supreme Court on Friday declined to further delay a lower court's finding that the state's ban on the unions is unconstitutional.|||The Supreme Court in its latest ruling on same-sex marriage bans in Florida was ordered last month to allow marriage licenses to be issued to couples who have been identified as being in same-sex relationships, according to Boston-based attorney Solot Neill. The state must now appeal the decision to the Florida Court of Appeals, Neill said. Florida also recently rejected arguments to invalidate same-sex marriage bans by two Oklahoma couples. "It is not uncommon when judges again sit around an issue a while, then decide to revisit the matter with appeals. I think we're better served with appellate judgment so when the appeals court issues a decision in December it will be fairly uniform," Neill said. "We won't be talking about whether the result of the case may be challenged." The state's marriage ban -- which has been in effect since 1985 -- is expected to expire after the Supreme Court's ruling. But some experts say that case has to go to the U.S. Court of Appeals in the full, because they worry that the federal courts will overturn Florida's law that bans same-sex marriage, something Neill said could set a precedent. "If the Supreme Court is going to affirm the Florida law as it stands in any future case then this law is so violated that it should not be retained and it would be virtually impossible to get a federal court to interpret this court's decision as law." Same-sex marriage ban: 'Obstruction of justice' The justices didn't rule on the validity of the ruling, but they didn't rule on the same matter that required a federal appeals court to review the Florida law. Rather, they upheld a lower court's ruling that the law on same-sex marriage bans was unlawful, Neill said. Obama signs order to legalise gay marriages Last year, the Justice Department agreed to begin issuing marriage licenses in Florida, according to officials who participate in a 2009 lawsuit in that case. The lawsuit was filed by three churches -- Leoma Church of Orlando, the Liberty Regional Council and Marian Women's Church of Orange County -- and plaintiff Mariel Castro. The suit sought the recognition of same-sex unions conducted by any other state on a same-sex basis. The opinion came from Justice Sonia Sotomayor. CNN's Marit Boudreaux contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says he will accept the results of a referendum this month that could see the country split in two.|||According to a source familiar with the situation, Al-Bashir promised to accept the result of the May 15 voting, approved by 65% of the population. "President al-Bashir has decided that the people of Sudan have expressed their wishes, if they vote to have Darfur, or Sudan, split into two, and if they reject it, and he says he says he will listen to the public's verdict." The referendum is set to take place on May 15, as scheduled, he said in a statement obtained by CNN Saturday. "This referendum will be marked by the national will of all Sudanese and all voters to make their will known," al-Bashir said. "I have announced that the result of the referendum is presented as such by all Sudanese people. I also have responded to everyone for whom this will be used. "On this day I have served the nation's people. Peace, stability and prosperity will continue. "That is the future of Sudan and all the world." Al-Bashir also said that more than 70% of Sudanese agree with this and believe that the country has no danger in disintegrating due to the chaos in which it has been embroiled. An article in the U.N. Security Council, published last month, said Bashir's coalition would fail to keep Sudan peaceful as a result of a vote that is "the only course to the detriment of peace, stability and prosperity in the region. "Bashir requested a postponement of this referendum until November 15 in an attempt to review the results, which were expected to show a majority favoring independence and formation of a two-party state." He said in a statement that "to avoid a situation that is impossible to reverse, and where only one-member political party is able to take the initiative, his government shall hold to an attempt to form a new government using all the means available at its disposal" without the consent of all the other parties -- or, in addition to the international community, the constitution. "The president's aim is that all Sudanese people unite in loyalty to his government and cooperation with the international community," the statement said. Bashir called a meeting in his office Friday to confirm his decision. He said the vote will take place during the second half of the month in an attempt to improve the country's socio-economic structure, and he will then declare that his government is the only party in favor. They will allow all remaining parties to use any methods necessary to establish an independent Sudan. "Additions of people to the national assembly and that the country can achieve independence or conformity after the withdrawal of forces and the removal of President al-Bashir and his army from the north and east are possible, unless these first parties, and the international community render them void," Al-Bashir said. On May 15, a day after polls closed to mark a nationwide vote, al-Bashir called a meeting of the opposition-led National Congress of the Sudan People's Party to help form a new government, a move his party has insisted on for more than a decade. "Our people have the right to democratically choose our future as an independent Sudan," Al-Bashir said during the meeting to reflect the decisions taken, according to the office statement. "In cooperation with the parties to the constitution, the president can approve the government bill regarding the independence of the Sudanese people and the dissolution of the Sudanese People's Party. After the president has submitted the law, the National Congress of the Sudan People's Party will adopt it, in consultation with the International Conference of the Sudan People's Party, and its Members Parties." Al-Bashir called a national election after the disputed referendum, saying it will allow his government to act "constructively." "The United Nations has rejected any proposal, non-violent, which is the view of the international community, and the forces and organizations of the international community," he said. "It is therefore possible to make recommendations on the dissolution of the Sudan People's Party but not following due process." Al-Bashir said he will take the country's long-term viability to a new constitution and call elections after all means are considered, which means the completion of the election, including the holding of this referendum, should not be delayed. While al-Bashir made the call for an independent Sudan, the International Council of the Sudan People's Party (ICSP) voted to support a two-party coalition, the statement said. "And the international council of the Sudan People's Party will not hesitate to use the force of law at the time it is best for the goal to be served," said another Sudanese government official who spoke on condition of anonymity. The SIOP office that is responsible for international laws and the responsibilities of the ISFP said it would then hold any vote in the country's political institutions that are needed to ensure a vote. "The most important thing for the implementation of the constitution for an independent and non-violent country is that effectively
(CNN) -- So, a judge walks out of a bar ...|||District. 9 -- Murder convictions on more than 30 charges and one prison term, with parole orders on top, are racking up for Guilford, Connecticut, man, Jeffrey Michael Jones. In a courtroom, Jones argues he was murdered by a cop in 2008. "While they were breaking up the fight with (a) good man and wanted to get to a disagreement, they came at me with a razor knife," he told Judge John Hurner on Friday. New York attorney Teresa Allred says Jones is not "clear-cut about his intent." In a sworn affidavit that she has obtained, allred said she believes it appears Jones killed a friend and then-girlfriend and her 2-year-old daughter, Kim Lee, as a result of being stopped by police and prosecutors. Her team asks the court for a restraining order, an injunction or a stay of trial until Gov. Chris Christie can review an appeal. CNN's Colleen Cuddy contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport in 2005, an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy.|||Some airlines have struggled with delivering a parent airline's jet to a landing area, and sometimes with a landing. A pilot who landed Southwest Airlines Flight 523 at Midway International Airport in Chicago in April 2005 is indicted on a number of charges, including installing a defective autopilot, failing to maintain control of the aircraft and leading the plane to crash. A three-judge panel that concluded after examining evidence from three points at the crash also said the fault lay with the co-pilot, not the airline. Southwest Airlines Chairman Gary Kelly said last month that neither the pilot nor the co-pilot he asked for an opinion on the crash was punished. The executive said, "What I will say now is we have received complaints from people all over the country. If we had known this before the accident, we probably would have not made the decision to correct this kind of problem and to close this particular repair." Southwest said in a statement that it "made every effort" to make sure its pilots' right-hand (navigation) pilot would take him back to Midway that day. "As a result, the co-pilot had no idea which direction he should take until he checked again after he entered the airport area," the statement said. The agency also said it did not charge the captain. "Unfortunately, the appropriate penalty did not fit the facts for this offense," the statement said. In Thursday's statement, a Southwest spokesman said the pilot's primary duty was to maintain the flight. "Having one person on his or her right wing, an indirect injury could have proven fatal, especially if such injuries caused the pilot to become distracted or have visual interference, like distraction during a landing of a plane of that size," the spokesman said.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- The Lear jet that crashed on landing last week in Mexico City, killing all aboard, including Mexico's interior minister, may have been felled by the turbulence from a large passenger jet it was following too closely, the nation's transportation secretary said Friday, citing results of a preliminary investigation.|||Officials believe the crash, caused by turbulence, happened as the plane was preparing to land. Mexican security officials believe that the pilot flew too close to the other jet, although Carillo Pedro Piolo may have called a pre-planned stop, the ministry said. Investigators are still searching for the cockpit voice recorder of that other plane and other evidence, known as camera recordings, that the pilot showed to the other plane's flight crew. Three people died, including Elisa Lizada, a mother of one, in the crash. The fourth person, Spanish journalist Claudia Tenorio, was killed. Llamas Ierena, head of Mexico's Institute of Aeronautics and Astronomy, was among those who died. Authorities have since launched an investigation to establish exactly what went wrong. It has not been officially determined what led up to the crash, and the investigation has yet to go beyond the incident with the other passenger jet, the ministry said in a statement. One theory is that that the Learjet was flying too close to its other plane and the pilot sent instructions to that plane to drop down. Two other theories -- that both aircraft were following closely on the domestic jet's flight path -- have been voiced in connection with Wednesday's crash. However, authorities can also be sure because it did not really come out of a closed door, they said. No other plane was involved in the incident. President Obama has been critical of the incident, including those of the jet's pilot and pilot. "I would take questions like this or give them the answers they deserve because this is an ongoing investigation," he said in a statement.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943.|||The meeting comes less than two weeks after Russia's president came to Iran to urge it to maintain efforts to reduce sanctions imposed on the Islamic Republic in return for its cooperation in the investigation of possible violations of the country's nuclear program. "For Iran to be able to meet its obligations, unless of course it starts making nuclear weapons, we all should observe the sanctions," Putin said, speaking on an extraordinary joint session of parliament in the Russian capital of St. Petersburg. "The Iranian side has consistently reaffirmed its commitment to meeting its obligations and complying with the sanctions. It is only a matter of time, however, that Iran will not be able to meet its obligations to Iran, and the time will come for this obligation to be met in time. There are obvious alternatives" to allow Iran to meet its commitments, he said. But Russia has repeatedly said it cannot accept Iran's existence and seeks to prevent Iran from developing the capability to put together a nuclear-armed device that would be the equivalent of an ICBM, he said. Last week, Obama announced renewed sanctions on Iran in response to its nuclear program, including one for the development and use of advanced weapon technology. He also announced another one on Tuesday, this time in response to Moscow's refusal to join the Security Council's nuclear negotiations with Iran. The U.S. has also agreed to sanctions on Iran's central bank, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Iran has agreed to sanctions on companies and individuals linked to the Tehran government in response to the latest ban on military equipment. North Korea and the United States have had their sanctions lifted under a previous deal signed in April, when both agreed to enforce it and turn over any remaining weapons they possess. Iran has vehemently denied any plans to develop a nuclear weapon or to get any aid from the West, and has said its neighbors are behind the measures. Putin told the news conference that he will make a statement on the visit to Tehran next week. The two leaders spoke at a session of the military and defense committee of the United Nations General Assembly, the Security Council and the International Atomic Energy Agency. Putin said he expects to start discussions with all countries soon over future action toward Iran, including sanctions on the regime and economic assistance. Putin called on Iran to give up its nuclear program and to "enjoy peaceful activities." Putin did not indicate how much effort Iran would need to make, and he and his colleagues would not expect sanctions will begin immediately. Tehran has pushed back strongly against the idea that it is failing to meet its commitments. Asked by reporters how Tehran had not already made its full commitment to the Security Council resolution on sanctions, Putin said that Iran has not decided whether it still wants to use the nuclear program. "It is yet to be decided whether they are about to take the step or not," he said. On the demand that Iran stop its program, Putin said, "In a few days time, Iran will clearly decide." He urged the nation to wait for a number of countries to provide a final document detailing what they do and say and then decide about what to do, he said. And Putin said that such measures should be formally submitted to the United Nations Security Council on May 27, but that he also remains open to discussing them with the international community. Since the report by the International Atomic Energy Agency that Syria could turn to nuclear weapons, Iran was also believed to be interested in developing its own nuclear program, he said. At Tuesday's news conference, he urged the global community to stay vigilant against Iranian efforts to pursue the nuclear project. "We very much appreciate that you want to work on it. But we need your support," he said. Putin said that Western nations "should not keep simply putting pressure on Iran with any proposals, whether economic or political, measures or decisions," which could still lead to further problems for the Islamic republic. "We're hoping they will back off so we may be able to pursue peace in Iran," he said. "We can't be moved at all on these issues."
(CNN) -- Protests over media freedom continued in Venezuela Tuesday, a day after two student protesters were killed in separate clashes.|||Dead: 50. "Flat" band at Culinaras Street in Caracas spoke, and protesters carried the coffin of victims along the street. Chamber and chamber of commerce head Jose Chávez said Tuesday that "they are here to demand a higher level of freedom, democracy, and equal justice," and that the day's demonstrations have affected the humanitarian situation in Venezuela. Calls for a ban on personal media censorship by President Hugo Chavez's government continued. Chávez is trying to cement his grip on power with the government of the majority-right, grass-roots movement that departs. As a result, he has deployed thousands of police against unarmed demonstrators. A judge has banned protests from using violence against the judiciary. Venezuela, which has the worst human rights record in Latin America, has one of the strongest media freedom laws, while other nations -- including Bolivia -- have some of the poorest. A Venezuelan education activist, Guillermo Berrios said Tuesday he was going back to Caracas. "There is a greater ability to talk to the people" if more people are back in Venezuela, he said. Organizers of the latest demonstrations said they planned to form a new union. They also will ask for the release of three opposition congressmen, Juan Perez Rodríguez, Luis Garcia Varela, Felix Bracamonte and Armando Guerrero, and their lawyer Guzman Flores, who were convicted in the case of conspiracy to commit murdering two people in 2006.
New York (CNN) -- The defendant's testimony in a stilled Manhattan courtroom Wednesday took a federal jury half a world and many years away, to a mountain cave in the desolation of Afghanistan, to the hours after the September 11, 2001, terror attacks.|||The conversation had the feel of a trip through time and space -- into some buried deep hole, taking a trained ranger to a national landfill site, perhaps, and out of the country. Only his eyes, his gun and a blue metal detector allowed the 19-year-old accused of explosives-planting crimes to take over. The former clerk for the White House, Brian Eldredge, told the jury how he drove six months from Massachusetts to Pakistan and more than 200 miles from Karachi to Afghanistan, "to pick up B.M. in his car and take him all the way down to the field" to sell weapons. Eldredge said he drove the truck with Baba Rahim bin Laden's associate, Noor Shafai. "She was his right-hand man. He was his bodyguard and his friend," Eldredge said. Al-Mansour continued to insist he was not involved with any wrongdoing. "I don't know what happened," he said. Prosecutors contend that in November 2002, Ali, Usama bin Laden and his associate organized the conspiracy to plant 9/11-related items in the United States, a charge the judge found not guilty. But in 2005, B.M. and other members of the group were indicted. Al-Mansour was arrested by FBI officials and imprisoned. His attorney, U.S. District Judge Oren R. Kessler, accused him of setting up the "bunker" where the men concealed 29 pounds of uranium. A British Embassy employee testified to the presence of British soldiers at a compound in the Kabul countryside that month. When British commandos returned from a training mission, they were warned against injecting nuclear gas into the air. British forces were said to have warned against the practice. Aircraft fly over the base area and troops are sent to support those using underground bases. Under the 2003 battle for the Fayetteville, North Carolina, perimeter, which is now the Heartland of the United States, there are two tactical intelligence and counterterrorism training compounds. Some of these sites are called "active caves," because they feature active digging tunnels that are a key part of a base's counterterrorism operations. As one Afghan soldier explained, it was the strongest area of this "encirclement" created by this "breakthrough" mission. However, he added, "when someone runs into a secret tunnel in the next part of the compound, they have no control of the ability to go in and dig in." Snowden blames terror attacks on government handouts, say lawmakers. "I believe in your right to have the hard questions out," Clapper told Dennys.
(CNN) -- The United Nations official overseeing efforts to help Iraq's many displaced people said Monday the country could be at a turning point.|||Syphah, formerly the assistant permanent secretary for crisis management, said around 1.7 million people in Ninewa province have fled their homes and the state's police forces are overseeing more than a million camp sites. "Almost everything we see about refugees, I've seen since 2004. I've seen tents and tents of tents, tents of tents being constructed," he said. Phah is highly critical of Iraq's protection system. "I think it's an extremely failed system." The emergency authorities say they are trying to work with Iraq's vast population to provide humanitarian assistance, food, clothing and shelter. New countries signed pledges to help the newly displaced, which has increased to 3 million people, begin to send cash. New techniques like transitional human rights, shelter facilities and transitional health care facilities to humanitarian organizations are also being developed. Some humanitarian organizations are also planning to send thousands of internally displaced people back to their homes and their families, Troop Leader Sojka Diagi said. During a recent training course for Iraqi security forces, military leaders spoke about what it meant to be displaced, Diadi said. "I've never seen the use of this terminology ... for help in a situation of need before," he said. He added that about "2 million" Iraqis have fled their homes. Diadi said approximately 3 million of those internally displaced have joined the Kurdish insurgents who have taken over large areas of northern and eastern Iraq. "This includes Arab civilians. This includes fighters and is consistent with what we've seen in the past," he said. About 1.2 million people have been displaced from their homes as part of the fighting. Repatriations of those displaced are now being managed through Iraqi and Iranian soldiers. Do the United States need to get involved in aiding more local people? "We should be supporting the Syrian government at the local level. If not, you need to help the humanitarian agencies like the UNHCR," Diadi said, referring to the United Nations organization.
(CNN) -- She was found still wearing the shimmering silver cocktail number she wore to celebrate her wedding. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. Young. Beautiful.|||When it comes to fashion, it's easy to spot the superficial. But then you can notice a few superficial details along the way as well. For instance, this is what Michelle Obama's 2011 bridesmaids dress looks like. Obama wore it to her wedding reception. She looked great, but also she was kind of -- I don't know --... pretty. I am not sure she does it for herself anymore. The style is almost inauthentic when it comes to her fashion, but as she recalls it in her memoir, "Becoming Me," she has the exact dress to go by, the clashing and pink frocks on show in the Art of Being together exhibition being held in New York City. Who is Michelle Obama? Regardless of color, she is powerful. Beautiful. We have a black mother and a brown daughter with brains the size of peas. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. The idea that she was looking for validation is a beautiful one, but I mean she wasn't wearing it for work. It was for the occasion, and she was still dressed for the occasion. When she woke up, Michelle was alive and full of life. From her "children," we all had a glimpse of our daughter's vibrant personality. It's worth remembering that because every Tuesday afternoon, she's walking with her family, and I'm not sure she's going to be anywhere. She is busy with her page -- gone are her contacts -- but so on -- and for that I am so proud of her. For doing that, you really do have to be so serious about what you stand for. Michelle Obama on Facebook.
(EW.com) -- Most of the muckraking Hollywood movies we think of as classic tend to sketch their dramas inside very clean and satisfying moral lines.|||Universal Images released December 6, 2008 and January 27, 2011. On first viewing we thought "Saturday Night Live" would be a very clear satire of our current political climate. Instead, it was a darker satire, much like the Florida hurricane. ("Saddam's a hurricane!" we wondered at the car going down the parade lane in a little car in 1953. "The 44th parallel!" we chanted.) When we were watching the movie we started to think that this didn't seem too bad. About as far from a perfect "western" would the movie be, it's better than most. What makes "The 44th parallel"? Variety: "Do you know who the evil Emperor Omega is?" As if there wasn't a main plot line from a movie, Robert DeNiro's "Disobedience" expanded our understanding of the movie universe with its take on this important character. We wondered, would it be the same if we had some other anarchist or outsider hero? What do you think? Do you think Jason Alexander's Saddam Hussein is America's Michael W. Bush? Would an Iranian leader take the country in the direction of toppling Barack Obama? Are you old enough to recall high school? The 1950s were an era when soap operas began to concern themselves with their plots, but we doubt they ever went full-on "adventures in politics." See our list of all the best stand-up comedy in the U.S. Click here to access more entertainment news, features and videos from Entertainment Weekly. © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- The company building the controversial Keystone XL pipeline has submitted a proposal for a new route, a spokesman for Nebraska's environmental authority said Wednesday.|||Publication of the original permit, filed by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in January 2009, has caused questions about the costs, environment and political implications of the project and angered environmentalists in Nebraska and across North America. A United States Department of State administrative analysis and public records request from the National Petroleum Council was filed last April. The NEPC's characterization is "very much related to the Northern Plains strategy" -- the proposed route of the Keystone XL, which runs under the U.S.-Canada border from Canada's Baffin Island to the White Sulphur Shale in New York State. The NEPC's petition was compared to a 2002 complaint filed by a group of residents in the Dickey County, Nebraska. As the state's highway survey company, Neepa is the only environmental agency with authority to get data from the public about Dakota Access oil pipeline -- a $9 billion multibillion-dollar project that has been blocked since the start. This new proposed route, which extends from the White Sulphur Shale to the Atlantic Ocean, will include more than 390 miles of pipeline, and there would be no additional railway traffic. Geisha Kelly, a spokeswoman for TransCanada, the oil pipeline company that wants to build the pipeline, declined to comment. The company has received construction permission to build in the Waspan Basin, where the project would go. Northern Plains Economic Development Corp., which had authorized the project in the first place, appealed to the Nebraska state court board to allow the project to move forward, Kelly said. However, the regulatory board rejected the application, citing outdated public information and "shams" that make development difficult. The decision turns the fate of the project on its head. NEPC asked TransCanada to justify its decision, Kelly said. "I wish it hadn't made that recommendation," Kelly said. When reached Tuesday, Taylor Melton, a Nebraska state representative, said the state Supreme Court sided with the province and found that the permitting process should continue. Melton added that the pipeline's environmental review process should continue.
(CNN) -- Frequent flyer programs are meant to breed passenger loyalty. The logic goes that if travelers can earn free tickets and preferential treatment by flying one airline or alliance, they will. A new study shows that this isn't always the case.|||Research has revealed that vacations for all types of travelers are a winner when compared to other arrangements. One reason the traveler universe is so complex is that consumers have access to a wide variety of airlines. The most prominent airline options are different ones based on the amount of their frequent flyer points and the amount of extra fare. Also, not surprisingly, data from airline marketing professionals and analytics companies has revealed that the industry's best promotional programs don't actually reflect the customer's travel habits. Instead, the best for the brands and partnerships are what help justify their use. The airlines, or the sponsoring brands, that the passengers use are the ones who offer the least upfront concessions and don't even try to tack on extra features, such as free flight upgrades on lesser destinations. The relationships are built around a person's spending, not on key benefits they receive by traveling. Airline discounts, if you ask me, are one of the biggest causes of friction for travelers. The internet is filled with brochures detailing all the perks and benefits an airline offers and is running advertising campaigns designed to make passengers take advantage of those perks. Even with the most advanced travel software and IRL advertising (such as interactive seat displays on planes), the product placement of more than 5 million free flights every year was not created to maximize the retention of tourists. Why not do it more often? The Internet's huge potential to bring unprecedented advantages to consumers includes websites like Expedia, FlightAware and TripAdvisor as well as mobile apps like Jet2Fly, Yelp and Stubhub. Though the modern economy helps all carriers compete with one another by providing more amenities and discounts, discounted fares can still arise as companies try to differentiate themselves from one another. For example, Jet2Fly offers discounts on 11 business class seats on all its flights, while Frontier Continental Air has the best off-peak and weekend fares. Delta is not involved in promotion or advertising, but its web site offers plenty of discounts on flights even without these benefits. On the return flight from Los Angeles to New York, Delta Air Lines has an unusually good portion of "door lounging" deals on its itineraries; Delta customers are likely to pick the one they want based on how late the plane gets to their destination. All this doesn't mean that overall, you have to love flying on Delta or anyone else. In fact, all airlines are great with rival companies because that often times means customers are traveling at peak times when air travel is least profitable. Share prices of key features of the various travel industries can be better for travelers. Branding allows airlines to display the value of their brand and, by extension, the airlines' loyalty programs as well. Just as they offer their discounts, so, too, can airline policies and pricing. According to Delta, the average ticket price on an all-wooden crewed Alitalia plane in New York is $625, which is what the average airline will charge if it had to fly on all four of its international routes to save money on a one-way ticket. This is clearly more expensive than a one-way fare, and Delta Air Lines has declined to disclose how much of that cost it has transferred to Delta, Delta Express or Delta Connection. Why do free travel be an incentive for travelers to stick with a particular airline or partner? Because of how valuable it can be to some consumers if they use it to access better rewards, price offers and other benefits. The most popular discounts are often tailored to the airlines' specific regions or regions. It can be hard to compete with so many competitors in a market that is saturated with lower prices at the same time -- let alone having a large network. Pricemaster is one example of the low-cost airlines that have incentive programs, backed up by the fact that they don't always allow its flyers to lose ground to the larger airlines. See the infographic below to see how these discounts work out. The fact that everyone would pay just as much to save some of the extra money would say a lot. Data and insights from Delta Air Lines to Nationally.
(CNN) -- Crisis club Racing Santander has been thrown out of next season's Copa del Rey after its players staged a bizarre on-pitch boycott of a quarterfinal tie against Real Sociedad.|||There were reports that tensions with the club owner had run amok. "Racing Santander had exhausted all avenues," said a statement posted on its official website late on Monday. "The club's presidents have lost the trust of the board and the majority of the players, who will now be excluded from the 2014-15 season." Read more about the disciplinary situation at the Spanish club. The decision means there are no further games for Sunday's last-16 tie between the teams, and the credit is likely to go to Sporting de Gijon after being left out of contention for the competition altogether. The midfielder Sergio Leon started the forward line for Santander's hosts, but made way for striker Cristhian Stuani after his team had already missed their friendly with Turkey in September. The reaction was extreme. Santander completed the fight for its Premier League status two days later. Jose Mourinho -- sacked following a sensational summer with Chelsea -- won his club's last match on Sunday against Marseille in the Champion's League. But he was suspended for seven games over his use of a banned doping drug, which he claimed he had taken at home. Read more about the Englishman's attack on sports science. Messi insists he can't win the game with a last-minute injury. Read more about the extraordinary move and who had to pay the penalty for a suspected doping link.
(CNN) -- Whovians, clear your calendars -- the next star of the British science-fiction series "Doctor Who" will be unveiled Sunday during a live half-hour television special on the BBC.|||Seoder will replace Jenna Coleman who left last year. "Steven Moffat's cast and crew prepare to bid the audience farewell with a series of sketches in which he and his companions don't explain the things they're doing." "Doctor Who" was created by Ian McGarry, best known for creating the "Twilight Zone" and "Emmerdale" TV series. According to the BBC, from March 21 to 30, 2012, Davies will pen episodes of the show, move quickly between scripts and direct-to-video release of the episodes. Mandy Quell and Cameron Mackintosh, executive producers of the show, will play the Doctor and the companion, respectively.
(CNN) -- A hair stylist is accusing former "American Idol" judge and rapper Nicki Minaj of wigging out on a deal.|||She posted on her "promo account" for her new album, "Dope," to be released next month, mocking Minaj for her "super-pretentious" hair and in this instance, its superficial style. Bloggers and fans went to the website of an undisclosed honkytonk, in honor of Thursday night's Grammy Awards, which celebrate big names. "Reclaiming hip-hop, we can do better," Minaj wrote on her "Da Bashtastic" blog. "Guess what?" in the headline of Thursday's post? "The moment. It was all the same except the hair." The rapper added, "No shade, I'm like a Saint. Take a breath." The Daily Dot story aired with her photo above in July. The Daily Dot says that the rapper was flying in at 7 a.m. sharp on a recent date when he happened to hear that "American Idol" contestants were heading to her home town, Minaj posted on her blog. "You used to have your own 20-plus colors that you now have to wear with your clothes and shoes if you ain't working," Minaj said in the blog post. "We never had '18 shoes. We used to have a 10-inch. We didn't know what different styles meant." She also posted photos from backstage in the city of Los Angeles, and to CNN she added, "Today is the day! Because more people will take music seriously than ever." A post on her blog read, "I am a mixture of a diva, a Broadway star, singer, and letterman of my life. This is what it means to be rich and famous. And when my publicist comes up with the opportunity to represent me, I will share the biggest announcement of my life," she said. The rapper also posted a picture from the Grammys and several jokes about her career. "I'm a born bitch. I'm angry and I can't help but hit you now," she wrote. "Belt pull me down. Please wake up Nicki and let's speak the truth." On Wednesday, Minaj tweeted that she had spoken to the "American Idol" show, "and told me everything you want to know." But she added, "so the advice I've been sending you is positive and I hope you are able to find your single today and know it was worth it."
(CNN)In airport surveillance pictures, the three young women look like typical travelers.|||The women were photographed at Narita International Airport Thursday, police said. The three women went on a 2-hour flight from the Japanese capital, where they were traveling together, and were taken to Narita's airport in Beverly Hills, California, according to Police Commander Raul Saucedo. They took a tour of the airport's south suburb, which police said was part of their plan to "look for al Qaeda-related activity. "We're asking the public for help identifying the suspects," Saucedo said. Surveillance photographs taken Thursday show the women carrying cell phone video cameras. Investigators are using the surveillance footage to try and determine whether one of the women was under the influence of an undercover source, Saucedo said.
(CNN) -- He'd said his daddy always told him that a fool never changes his mind. And Elwin Wilson didn't want to be a fool.|||w. "It's the worst loss the city has ever had, and I know. I'm the worst to come," Wilson said from behind two fences. Wilson had $500 million in cash and was to donate the rest to a local need-solving nonprofit, Buddy Family Helping Hands. But he felt it was an emergency. He told Milwaukee firefighters he was transferring his wealth from his pension. He couldn't afford to move to a house of his own. That's the thing about money. Whenever you think you've got it, someone comes along who thinks you're still money. "As a lifelong resident, I've been through it all," said Wilson, who was headed to Wisconsin to do a speech at a fire company graduation ceremony. "I understand that if you look in your garage at night and see your brick or your car you're not going to think of it." But when a driver passed him, then walked up, Wilson felt something he couldn't explain. "I felt like I was walking on water," he said. Wilson lived in Wisconsin for more than six decades when he took over the family business and started donating his own money to various causes, including money for education, helping firefighters and disaster relief in catastrophes like Katrina. The funds he was sending could help those communities who were in such crisis, such as as his alma mater, the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the Great Lakes National Park, and it could help expand our emergency response efforts in Milwaukee. In addition, he said, he thinks it could help take a toll on the life of those in his community. "We're helping people who care, but aren't sure it's enough," he said. "Do you know how many of them are hurting, because the government's cutting them off from these things?" "When you've cut so many people off like this, those people can't really help anybody."
Miami (CNN) -- Hillary Clinton rolled out a new addition to her usual stump speech geared towards women empowerment on Thursday: Her new granddaughter Charlotte.|||Clinton launched her third general election rally in Florida Thursday night, using the thunderous campaign speech she delivered at the 2008 Democratic National Convention to honor her newest grandson, baby Charley. "I'm speechless," Clinton said during a rousing speech. "It hurts my heart to give birth to Charley and my heart hurts more every day. "She's a much, much greater gift," Clinton said before winding the speech with a few lines of her own. "She's my girl, just like her daddy." Clinton's candidacy has been under more scrutiny since the news emerged that she was having multiple babies, including a daughter, Lil' Hillary, with her husband, Bill. "We're going to continue to develop her candidacy," Clinton said, continuing that theme. "She can be a great first lady, but we also have to keep the best in mind as we try to get ahead." Michelle Obama and Clinton are both bringing grandkids to campaign events Thursday, she said. "And in fact, I didn't want to delay a second or third time to mention that Carter, she was my first daughter, also she is my son-in-law," she said. "But I knew that she had beautiful interests, she wants to be a mother, she wants to work toward a goal, and she wants to get to Washington with others, but we are all a family, and I know that to do it safely, and you know, without regulations, you all have to be willing to sacrifice in order to do that." And for Clinton, she reflected on her personal experiences during her pregnancy: early deployment with a baby when she returned from her first overseas trip in 2005 and her four pregnancies -- all of which were without babies. "I had to find time to make sure I was healthy and my babies were healthy and safe," she said. "And I had lots of support from ladies when I got home." New Beginnings Clinton worked with DNC chairwoman Catherine Cortez Masto to write the speech, which focused on the importance of young women in the workplace. Clinton's family has been closely following the campaign trail and is expected to attend part of her Labor Day event in Las Vegas. "Like me, 'anybody with a phone can make a big difference," she told a luncheon audience, a nod to the success stories from presidential campaign surrogates such as Disney's Obama. "And I mean that in a huge way." On the stage Thursday, she used her potential alternative biography of President Barack Obama.
(CNN) -- The PGA Tour has issued a denial over reports that American golfer Dustin Johnson is serving a suspension for failing a drugs test.|||Johnson on PGA Tour suspension: announcement coming on tour soon. Johnson said he had signed a confession at the time he was thrown out of the Ryder Cup last July, and won all five matches that were being played on his home soil. During that time, he served the three-month ban for failing a drug test. His wife, Kim, said Johnson tried to cheat, but that on tests he failed to correctly score the number. "We really don't know at this point," she told CNN. "We've just not heard it. And I don't know what's happening."Johnson has not been suspended from golf since he was a two-time winner of the U.S. Open in 2006. He currently leads the Race to Dubai standings with a seven-shot cushion. Players who are the youngest to make their debut in this biennial event are reigning U.S. Open champion Paul Lawrie, second-ranked Adam Scott and top-ranked Mark Uthrun, who won in 1998, 1999 and 2001. Tiger Woods was knocked out of PGA Tour events this year for using an extended suspension from previous competitions to prepare for the 2012 U.S. Open.
(CNN) -- It will be Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before. Over six weeks next spring, London's Globe Theatre will present all 37 of the Bard's plays in 37 languages, performed by companies from as many countries.|||The Globe Theatre was born out of George Frideric Handel's 17th century classic, "The Merchant of Venice." It was translated and called its own stage play after King Henry V, or the curtain of a country would not be able to manage its first show in every language. "Claire de Lune," based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, became King Edmund Hillary's curtain call for all 37 performances, taking in Egypt's greatest theatre (with a theatrical deadpan played by No. 8), Sumatra (with a Black Hand sign) and all the land of the dead (with two dancing figures) and Ireland (with a balcony cast played by a male nude), Italy (complete with a black cast with blue eyes) and Brazil (with dancing couples performing of all kinds, as well as a skeleton sitting on a black throne). The Globe also encouraged audience participation in exhibitions to be held, such as the St. John the Divine exhibition and the Children's Theatre of London. The Globe will prove the thrilling impossible when, at the end of its shows, ordinary folks on red carpets watch faraway children play alongside actors with only a curtain to hang between them. But every night, horror and agony is met. Michael Anthony Harrison tears up the stage in London. The act is a high adventure that increases the levels of visual pain with each new play. Susan Brigman, the prolific dramatist and author, says she's amazed that people in London, not just in this city but elsewhere, have ever seen "Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before. That darkness and pain are seared into their faces and their hearts as well." "For 40 years we have seen it all and so many sights and sounds are lit up ... so it's a sight to see. And things I find a lot of excitement about are seeing those people suddenly changes and it draws and plays and makes me all at once." This is the first time in five years the Globe Theatre will be presenting a production as "staged as only Shakespeare can -- with 14 cast members and no blocking." The showing will be held every night in seven different venues around London, from the Imperial Palace, the London Palladium and the West End, the Sloane Square Theatre and the Garrick Theatre. Other sights and sounds of the year could include:-- Burning Wednesday, Britons blazing through cities to see the sights.-- The Moscow light snow, black and white as in the 1930s.-- Pumpkin races in Hong Kong and the Food Republic of the UK.-- Cheap turf tricks.-- Happy August, Philip Mickey.-- Wreath walker duo includes harry Augusino and Kenneth Warner.
(CNN) -- A foreign minister clearly frustrated with some of his own countrymen has taken to Facebook to expose some of the stranger requests received by consular staff.|||Belgium's Foreign Minister, Jaap Westerloo, has been trying to calm things down in recent days but some of his pleas haven't gone over too well. From an almost entirely self-governing country, they've come with mixed results, according to a description of one case posted on his Facebook page, which read: "Hostility towards your country, but also towards you and your family being a factor in some of these questionable requests." That post from Van Asgaard accompanies a message from Westerloo urging society to be more respectful toward the Belgium-born foreign minister: "I'm going to share with my colleagues here at home as well as others, and I hope you will join me. Thank you for listening to me." The State Department and the Foreign Ministry were not immediately available to comment for this story.
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- Somalis are so desperate to survive that attacks on merchant shipping in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean will not stop, a pirate leader promises.|||He promises to "prevent piracy in the wider region" and use intelligence capabilities of Somalia's army and navy to keep Somali pirates from harming commercial shipping in the region. But the Somali pirates have jumped ship in an attempt to survive, a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN, adding, "I won't run away, I won't leave my people." The source said Somali pirates do not want to hurt "any more freedom fighters" and suggested the Somali military is helping them in the battle against the pirates. The Somali ship Jira, "the biggest and fastest ship in the Gulf of Aden," has been the target of attacks by Somali pirates and militants. Authorities have launched a $160 million plan to implement stricter search and seizure measures. Criminal networks have found countries that allow drug and other drugs trafficking into Somalia, according to the anti-piracy efforts, and the government, are trying to crack down. The pirates, all of whom operate out of long seaports in South and north Africa, are believed to have about five hundred men, who are known to have the expertise and ability to operate large container ships. The U.S. Navy says it has responded to 17 attacks and two warships, but the Navy also has reported cases of pirates attacking naval vessels. In March, a Dutch naval vessel raided Somali pirate ports -- the second such raid sank a Dutch warship in the early 2000s. The United States, under Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, has called for an investigation. In addition to the beleaguered Somali Navy and harbor services, the U.S. Agency for International Development has warned countries to be on guard for attacks on merchant shipping and in the Gulf of Aden, with the threat of increased attacks on supply routes to Somalia.
(CNN) -- "Glee" star Cory Monteith died as a result of "a mixed drug toxicity, involving heroin and alcohol," the British Columbia Coroners Service said Tuesday.|||The cause of death is still being investigated. Earlier this year, British Columbia's police chief announced that 28-year-old Cory Monteith died after he overdosed on an overdose of opiates. "At this time we can only speculate on the exact nature of the overdose," said Bob Payne, head of the drug and death team with the British Columbia coroner's service. He said police determined Monteith, born in Vancouver in 1977, died of a "mixed, toxic partial overdose" of opiates, alcohol and marijuana. He was taken to a local hospital where he collapsed when his leg was set on fire in a house fire. When his leg was found to be on fire, a review of scenes discovered at the crash site at a creek that flows into the Burrard Inlet revealed that paramedics did not respond to 911 calls. Monteith's autopsy is scheduled for next week.
(CNN) -- In English soccer it is an offense that is taken as seriously as almost any other -- diving. And once again, it is controversial Liverpool striker Luis Suarez in the firing line.|||The official from English football's governing body the FA took the tough stance Wednesday as the French FA ordered both clubs -- Liverpool and Real Madrid -- to pay a fine for their performance in the Champions League final match last year, adding to a European fine handed out in 2009. "The incident that happened in the Champions League final between Liverpool and Real Madrid was disgraceful," Jose Mourinho, the general manager of Liverpool, told Sky Sports. "Luis Suarez's actions were wrong and completely avoidable. The penalty was wrong and the match should have ended in a draw. In this day and age, however, the consequences are too serious." And the league has never been stronger. "We will not tolerate," Manuel Pellegrini, Liverpool's general manager, told Sky Sports. "The decision by the club management does not represent the views of the match officials and the club." The club, in turn, said the game regulator, the Football Association (FA), had "reassured the club that the FA would impose a punishment and that action against Mr Suarez will be completed imminently." It wasn't the first time the ban and fine had been applied against a Liverpool striker. In December 2012, Manchester City's striker Lukas Podolski was found guilty of an incident that took place just before the home and away European Champions League matches against Juventus that July. Both his clubs were fined by the FA. Having had their fines appealed against, neither of the clubs could pay the fine, which totaled just 60 percent of England's 120 million pounds ($166 million) purse. "What the FA should do now is, you have to offer both the clubs, you have to give clubs a host of positive statements and finally you have to give clubs the measure and the time to demonstrate that they can be treated properly," Mourinho told Sky Sports. The weekend was relatively good. "There was no bicameral argument about what the punishment should be because we can't make changes. But, therefore, I was prepared to give up...I have to take up this responsibility myself." The sanctions reached by UEFA on Wednesday comes at the end of the year, as the official reported. Final teams are drawn in March; five-goal decisions. This draws the conclusion of the European Council, whose president Uefa president Michel Platini is facing criticism over his stance on the case. The European presidential candidate has been the target of criticism over previous decisions on payments in football, including from Spanish coach Raymond Domenech. France had previously turned down an offer to pay euro funds to former England player Sol Campbell because of his assault on Belgian striker Martin Demichelis in 1998. UEFA and Fifa's disciplinary panel in Europe sanctioned Chelsea for sending its captain Diego Costa home for a similar incident in November. They said players must abide by the European Union regulations in a different way. And once again, it is controversial Liverpool striker Luis Suarez in the firing line. Klopp acknowledges Suarez a week after accusing him of diving. Suarez denied it. In December 2009, Chelsea players Fernando Torres and Gary Neville both accused Suarez of diving, prompting his club to be fined. But a decision by the FA has meant Liverpool have received more sanctions. This was announced just a day after a number of England internationals were sent home from games. Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City each received a season-ending ban and received sanctions for their attitude. In retaliation for the actions by UEFA, English clubs in all competitions have suffered major sanctions. The Premier League is a huge commercial and sports power in England, yet the president of Russia played down the penalties given by UEFA and Russia. Russian club Moscow in particular are keen to see the Bundesliga ban banned. "This is an external punishment -- not a punishment. This is not the way the FIFA authorities operate, not FIFA, not the FA, not the Uefa," the president said.
(CNN)Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus, a Pentagon official said Tuesday.|||Edison believed the U.S. military personnel will get about 500 care packages, which would include food, per person per day. The luggage would be assigned to civilian passengers and once they arrive in Liberia, would be taken to a field clinic, said Eric Bedard of the Washington, D.C.-based Partnership for a Cure, a group that provides medical support for the United States, Europe and other nations affected by the virus. Bedard did not know how many medical workers might come into contact with some of the U.S. personnel being sent to Liberia, but said it's unclear how many would be affected. Prior to seeing the volunteers to help the U.S. military as part of a mandated temporary deployment to the Ebola crisis, President Barack Obama said his administration had followed protocol and that anyone exposed to an illness such as Ebola would be held accountable. "Nothing [the U.S. has] set in place is designed to protect against an infection that causes death. Medical personnel are all trained on protocol. They have expertise in an infection or its symptoms and they are continually trained in the hiv control protocols," the administration said. Bedard also confirmed the presence of sexual assault awareness training. Officials have so far identified more than 350 survivors of the Ebola epidemic. In the past 10 days, the death toll has spiked to 246, with more than 3,500 cases reported. The U.S. military said last week it has upped its Ebola response by 25% in Liberia.
(CNN) -- Two recent incidents have people questioning the basic goodness of humanity.|||After being told there was a case of cruel persecution and returning its carcasses to its country, Ted Nugent threw himself from a Belize monastery and died. "I came in fear and grief, and I mourned my father. I was fearing for myself, my family, my community, my tribe, my own nation," he said. The event, which would have been the first time since the Korean War, resulted in the mass exodus of thousands of Hondurans from the camps. Many of them headed to the Horn of Africa for work, schooling and a decent life. Hundreds of Central American migrant camps, where many people have raised their own families, also remain without a way out. In the meantime, a citizen of Doron Garcia, newly appointed chief executive of the Horn of Africa Development Agency, said she is trying to organize youth-led migrant service projects to help them help people returning from the camps. Repatriation is important. Only if affected people live with the consequences of their actions should they be deported. Campesinos returned to Darfur on Sunday, leaving roughly 22,000 people stranded, living in wretched conditions. The communities they are trying to reach have been told they will not receive help because of law enforcement efforts. So far, only one known case of illegal immigration remains -- immigration crimes by U.S. citizens seeking amnesty in Hawaii.  McDonough takes this opportunity to apologize to those affected by the crisis. He said in an interview with CNN that he and several Americans from other camps remain "stranded" in the camps despite the sense of solidarity they showed despite long being stranded and angry mobs who gathered outside the camps on Sunday to taunt them. "We all learn from our mistakes and we all grow from them," McDonough said. Campers work around camp walls to befriend detainees, campers pay campers campers campers campers. Campers on the move often use buildings at residential areas as temporary lodging. So, this woman was born in a house illegally removed by authorities. Did she die because she refused to move? That won't happen. "She lost her life for me because she believed people had nothing to lose," said McDonough. The Mukwonago camp of refugees, about 1,000 people, had been overrun by refugees. It was the first such camp since refugees began flooding in from India in 2003. And the many detainees who were staying in the camp were coming from the Mataram camp, so they posed no real danger to the people who lived there. Campers' non-refoulement and clean lives inspired them to think hard about their situation. This individual may or may not have been a loving person who believes in using the resources put in their care to better the rest of the world.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 42 years after Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard L. Etchberger died on a Laotian mountaintop, President Barack Obama on Tuesday awarded him the Medal of Honor,  saying,  "It's never too late to do the right thing.  It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families."|||In a prepared statement, President Barack Obama mentioned Etchberger's widow and honored Echberger with a new award.  "Today, the former Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard E. Etchberger dies in the service of the United States -- 36 years after receiving the Medal of Honor," Obama said.  "It is here that he is officially honored for his selfless service in 1987 during a tour in Afghanistan.  It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families."  Echberger has battled cancer for years, having lost a leg fighting for a cause he supported. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia. Etchberger was 40 when he went to battle in Afghanistan, joining about 1,400 other American soldiers who served during a three-year tour beginning March 1963, earning three combat medals: "First Medal for Gallantry in Iwo Jima" (9/11), "First Medal of Occupation of Germany" (3/2), and "First Medal of Defense in Vietnam" (3/2). While training for his flight, Etchberger became concerned about the Afghan Taliban because they had focused on the capital of Kabul. He enlisted in the 3rd Air Force, earned four combat medals, was promoted to lieutenant colonel, and served as an Army major. At the time of his death, his orders included standing ready to fight and unswerving pursuit.  The Vietnam War was his defining experience, all four of his brothers being killed in Vietnam, while he served in the U.S. Army for two years (9/11, 9/13). "This has caused him so much pain and guilt, especially through the last years of his life. He did not know I was there for my younger brother, and I deeply regret that my crew and I had to go against the flag and the beliefs of our fellow service members to protect the lives of our fellow service members and to honor a fallen comrade." Etchberger went on to become the first Air Force Lt. Col. James C. Johnson, the first in the Bronze Star. Johnson joined the French Army in 1943, was ranked second in the American Legion in 1944 and later was a combat captain in Napoleon's "Junior Unit," and headed two stints to Nicaragua and West Indies, according to the General Services Administration. Etchberger is a member of the Vietnam Veterans of Foreign Wars. Born in Michigan on November 21, 1960, Etchberger graduated from Northern High School in 1961.  He was an enlisted, Army Ranger who served as a liaison officer with the 13th Special Forces Wing. Etchberger would go on to fight three more times, serving a total of 43 combat tours, most recently with the French forces from 1999 to 2003, before graduating from the Air Force Academy in 1990. Echberger's noncombat life was marked by his willingness to go through and endure a no-win situation, alone in uniform, to act as a true life safety instructor. Echberger's decision to serve in Afghanistan in 1987 was crucial for him and for his friends, colleagues and family, knowing the country would not have it back then. Earlier that year, he launched Operation Sing, the first Afghanistan-centered ground offensive with troops from that country. But it failed to bring peace, and Etchberger found his wife on a deserted Thai island and went with her. The Medal of Honor is awarded in ten countries to honor service members who have died in combat, but Etchberger was one of the first to award it in a country. He is also remembered for his public service with the Central Islet Foundation in Florida, where he helped to renovate homes in connection with Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Get your dance shoes on. Korean singer Psy, who became a worldwide sensation with his smash hit "Gangnam Style," is making another attempt at a global phenomenon.|||In his second album, "Dope," released Saturday, Psy's soundtracks reflect what he is trying to capture with his entire group and the compositions made by last year's hit single, "Gangnam Style." Psy's goal is to create his own unique style of electronic dance music that is not a mass production. The genre from his "Gangnam Style" is funky and sexy -- especially because it features the vocals of a variety of men, as opposed to just one. Sashays throughout Europe, opening for his contemporary hip hop bands. Sounds like it. It seems Psy may have calculated his risk because it's very "wing and a prayer." Digital formats are the tool used to create a style of music that looks good on the next Top 10 but is ultimately the original. "Dope" is out on CD, digital downloads and store space; dance music and music is available in an electronic format through Blu-ray, digital download and a cell phone. Used under a label called Essence Music.
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.|||According to a statement published by the state-run Yonhap news agency, the South Korean Airlines executive was hit by a complaint from passengers aboard the late-night flight from K-Chosun. The airline said a passenger told them she was expecting the airline executive from Italy, and that the employee eventually flew to the Korean airport in Daegu, but since she could not get to the store and asked for a refund, she returned to the aircraft. The statement said the airline hadn't made any comments yet, but it said the airline's internal investigation "found that it was not the responsibility of any individual or company," according to Yonhap. Food safety professionals recommend returning groceries such as macadamia nuts with the vouchers, which cost about US$7. The carrier did not mention a ban on or refunds. The ordeal comes after various Korean Airlines made news last month for blaming a critical customer for errors on the U.S. Airlines' last-minute sale of American-made baby formula.
(CNN) -- Filmmaker Michael Moore, whose new documentary "Sicko" takes on America's health care system, faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta.|||Michael Moore, right, and Sanjay Gupta, right, of CNN. CNN President Don Lemon and Congressman Robert Brady and Dr. Sanjay Gupta.(CNN) -- Filmmaker Michael Moore, whose new documentary "Sicko" takes on America's health care system, faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta. "We have a great discussion about the quality of care," said Moore. Gupta, a successful surgeon, speaks the same language as Moore in his critically acclaimed "60 Minutes." The conversation addressed the levels of debt among the country's health care providers and expects to conclude with a resolution. "How do you pay for this -- and can you get the money back after -- for a complete revolution? What would Mr. Romney, President of the United States, do if he were here?" he asked. Finally, it turned to America's debt crisis and political instability that has left the country in shambles since Ronald Reagan's landslide victory in 1980. "While medical experts from Atlanta, London, Tokyo, Wichita, Texas, Boston, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Columbus and Paris, Ohio, were on a beach in Florida in 1997, and there was some failure to put together a comprehensive plan to stop Mr. Reagan's assassination." CNN's Don Lemon and CNN's Randi Kay contributed to this report.
A single mom down on her luck was caught shoplifting at a Miami supermarket, but she didn't get hauled off to jail.|||Aur pretty British mom was caught shoplifting at a grocery store, but she didn't get hauled off to jail. Kelly Lawrence was busted on Tuesday, South Florida police said. A ticket was written for shoplifting on money, a Miami Police report said. The ticket said Lawrence had all of her money and no one else. The statement, which followed police video of the incident, was circulating on social media. It said Lawrence was a single mother with two kids, ages 3 and 7. She had no money and had nowhere to go, so police took the ticket, said witness Earl Lee. A "full stop" and a ticket later, according to police, Lawrence was released on her own recognizance. One of the first steps this mom took was to come to a police station, Lee said. But the woman's behavior got caught up in the system, he said. Federal authorities also called in their own team to take her in for questioning. She was arrested on Monday and charged with felony shoplifting and traffic violations, Lee said. He said the FBI is in no danger of being able to catch her in the future. There was surveillance on the incident, he said, and a host of police officers showed up, but there was no one around. "It's all very typical for this to happen," Lee said. "Normally you're going to find people violating laws, otherwise you'll get a ticket and they'll be out on bond or they'll go to jail. But it does not [cause] danger, it's just a case of convenience, ''Lee said. "People are buying items like this," he said. "They're using people's money to go shopping." The National Crime Information Center -- which has been working to get law enforcement authorities to crack down on human trafficking -- told CNN affiliate WSVN the woman is unlikely to face charges, a spokeswoman said. In the meantime, authorities are trying to get other people involved, he said. "I think we need to more actively work with people to remove those kinds of people, so we're going to work with the FBI to do that," said Trevin Chisholm, spokeswoman for the FBI's Boston field office. "This is a pretty terrible business practice," Chisholm said. "The federal government is always trying to identify people who are in the wrong, but it's a tough time. They can be very, very dangerous. Ms. Lawrence is my worst nightmare, unless something drastic is done."
(CNN) -- The Director's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees for 2014, and you can probably guess who made the cut.|||Kr from "Four Christmases" directed and acted in by Kristen Schaal; directed "American Beauty" by Bryan Singer; and written and directed by Seth Grahame-Smith. Also on the list are Australian directors Suzanne Cerny, Sydney Copeland, Brodie White, and Patrick Tripplehorn. The 53-year-old award-winning director of the 1983 cult film "Steve McQueen: Road Warrior" should have enjoyed a special moment sitting there among the other directors. Now, when directed by William Friedkin and his longtime collaborator Francis Ford Coppola, "American Beauty" has been in theaters for more than 20 years, making it one of the most successful, high-profile films ever. In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, both the director, Dennis Widmyer, and Sweets Wanted said they were honored by their recognition. Wyker, director of "Bloodsport," will play mobster Paul Hogan, who is tracked down by his adopted grandson (Pavel Wriothesley), to discover what would happen if he dies in a "bodacious" manner. "It's a very emotional place for the director and we can appreciate his courage," Widmyer said. "He understands this was a very personal, raw situation." Universal Pictures' "Crown Fight," directed by Sean Baker, received four nominations. Director's Guild award-winning "Austin Powers" director Chevy Chase made the cut for the role of an expert in investigating mobster Robert De Niro's crimes in the film "Alexa." Made in February, Wade was nominated for the film's director of the year Oscar for "The Interview," and received critical acclaim for "Conspiraculous." His new film "Dead Rising" received both female and male nominations.
Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex. The rush of cold air it's  sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus. The gifts it brings, however, are chilling and generally unwelcome. Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures.|||Americans are stuck with record cold temperatures that are not designed to stay. Even scientists say the enormous North Pole in the shape of the planet's vortex has generated too much energy. They don't know if it's driving this summer's extreme low temperatures. "It's the only way to explain it," said CNN climate change analyst Bill Nye. "I never knew that it was going to leave behind such terrible, deep-freezing temperatures when it leaves the North Pole," he said. There have been few if any instances in recent decades of adults actually complaining of being too cold to get out of bed. If there's anything you're going to want to do, it's make snow angels. The extreme cold isn't a surprise. The rush of cold air it's sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus. The gifts it brings, however, are chilling and generally unwelcome. "The US polar vortex is here," said Nye. "It's here to stay until it stays." NOAA's National Weather Service and other emergency management agencies both have been working to keep all the dogs healthy, assisting during periods of extreme cold. Dogs have sought refuge at a Santa's workshop this week, keeping temperatures as low as the animal can tolerate. Temperatures dropped so low that one kennel in Abilene, Texas, started to turn white. The dogs and other animals were so cold they melted their jackets and they were forced to lie on the ground on their sides, according to NWS. Dogs have been working with other emergency managers to try to keep some cold dogs alive. While some of the smaller dogs and one owner-owned dog have been rescued, several others have not. Even the normally wily Black Lab Killer has not been spared. With extreme cold weather making him lethargic, the 4-foot-8-inch bear who keeps the Common Wolf extremely docile will have a hard time keeping himself from his owner's backyard this winter. It's the second year in a row where wolves have been able to handle the freezing temperatures but aren't well-adapted. Nearly all of the polar bears have kept warm despite the warning of a cold-blooded killer, despite how it affects their ice-furred fight. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the extreme cold weather should not have been expected. The highly polar currents have come from the polar vortex, NASA's Lucy Systrom said. The bad part is that nearly a third of the Cold Force Polar Vortex is moving southeastward, she said. "The result is that areas of the country that could typically get these temperatures were much worse off," she said. Sea ice is also a major threat. Cooling temperatures can bring more ice thins. Swansea, a band of Greenlandic sharks, also have been getting low temperatures. "There is no ice on their bodies, it's really melting and I can see very good circulation changes," Systrom said. Even if they can't handle the heat in their winter places, they can still take full advantage of the warmth, which may be affecting their offspring and other adults. It's not good for the babies, but they are getting better health benefits, and the temperatures could be assisting water and food. If sharks keep cooling they'll have less trouble dying, Systrom said. The Northeast should feel especially cold Monday, but we're not there yet. In fact, temperatures are still going to drop this weekend, and cold wind chill is low on most days. "Stay warm," a National Weather Service spokeswoman told CNN Wednesday. "It's going to be a nasty weekend." CNN's Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
(The Hollywood Reporter)Good news arrived Thursday for "Fifty Shades of Grey" fans.|||The actress is considered to be in the cast for the upcoming film. "Fifty Shades of Grey" has seen a huge reaction from fans of the erotic romance novel series, which grossed over $1.4 billion worldwide. Universal-owned Los Angeles-based Studio Six snapped up the troubled books, which were written by Dr. EL James, and the District Attorney's Office chose not to prosecute the two. New York-based film studios Eppstein Entertainment and Fox Searchlight, which co-produced the adaptation of the beloved novels, are developing a sequel. "We're very excited and ready to begin. And we can't wait to tell the story to some amazing fans," said Eppstein Entertainment chief Eric Kohn. The former producers of the "American Pie" films helped devise the script for "Fifty Shades," and it was written by James' friend and colleague Michael Sheen. The screenplay starred Greta Gerwig as E. L. James. Harrison, who starred as James in the 2000 installment, produced the film and is producing the new one with special effects talent lead by Mary Wilkes Brown. The original "Fifty Shades of Grey" movie was the first all-female movie, which opened in 2011. Stephanie J. Block and Kerry Washington are writing the sequel, which will follow on from the original's $1.1 billion grossing success. Dean Devlin is producing. Amy Adams directed the first movie as well as the third. (Weinstein, Gracie Allen and Faye Dunaway produce.) Justin Hemingway will serve as a producer, along with Eboni frenchnina. Tony Hale is attached to direct.
(CNN) -- First, there was "Flying While Muslim." This expression summed up the extra challenges of being an American Muslim when flying on commercial airlines.|||The: The difficulties of flying on American airlines since the American Revolution, particularly when your country has become intolerant of Muslims. "The United States acknowledges that they are the result of a terrible internal conflict that has become a contest of competing political interests, but the United States cannot control whether or not other countries use their borders to restrict the passage of American government and weapons." "This has happened before: We have had attacks on our troops in Iraq. We have had attacks against our military. We have had attacks on our airmen. But we have also had attacks on our legitimate government that have occurred despite the fact that the United States made the decision not to use military force. "I think that whether or not President Obama believes the comments that are made are accurate or accurate can be used to attack the United States, but it's important for us not to overestimate the psychological effect that a terrorist attack like last weekend's in Oklahoma can have on a person." From a perspective of the terrorists who caused the tragedy in Oklahoma City, the comments were chilling. "There are reasonable people who believe that our executive branch has acted in the most reckless and capricious ways. But some Americans who are true to their country view our foreign policy in this manner." "We are a country of freedom, limited to providing limited security, guided by God's will. They are very unlike the people who believe in a more narrow mission that we have established in our country." See "Why Terrorists Are a Threat to Every Living Fact and Fact." That law comes out of Israel, and the possibility of Al Qaeda's "inspired" attacks is troubling for all Americans. "Since 9/11, we cannot be sure of the outcome or who is to blame," Omar Khadr said Wednesday. "It is completely impossible to know for sure what happened during that terrible day. It can change with time; you only need to know your objective." The comments over the weekend were the first time to see that terror attack were a challenge to the rights and freedoms of Americans as a whole. Why might two people in particular group of attack the concerns of millions across the United States? It depends on your faith. Just because you want to take a cruise in your car and fly on US Airways, that doesn't mean you have to take the opportunity to travel while Muslim. In fact, it's possible to fill up your prayer book for the whole trip. In the state of Texas, Gov. Rick Perry in July declared a religious holiday for Muslims. In 2007, he called for the formation of a commission to craft "covenant" laws defining America in a federal manner. In 2009, Obama said, "Going door to door by nighttime to offer messages of peace and understanding, I think we need to go step by step in the direction of finding out where the best strategies are to secure the safety of our homeland for all of our citizens." But it's hard to really look beyond what terrorists say about the U.S. homeland because the terrorists have shown that they offer precious little sign of following any creed. See the special section on Muslims in the U.S. and their rights in the U.S. See also CNN's Tim Thompson on Muslim differences in the U.S.
(CNN) -- Chilean officials declared a "catastrophe" in eight municipalities Wednesday after heavy snow blanketed communities and blocked roads in what the nation's interior minister called a "white earthquake."|||The small seaside town, one of the hardest hit, had only received a few inches of snow and the roads were badly damaged, according to police spokesman Jairo Mena. Authorities are also calling for an independent technical study of snow conditions to learn how to address the problem. For the first time in the nation's history, the country's quake risk is being declared "unprecedented," said Enrique Andrade, Chilean University of America (USA) professor of seismic engineering. The experts were alerted after they heard reports from residents they thought were genuine, officials said. The snow also melted on the road through the region of Alcoche, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The images of large crowds watching the snow fall from the chimney of a truck on the Chafalpa plains, caused the earthquake. The quake caused electrical accidents across the north of the country, The USA said. Mudslides are common in the mountainous region, where housing is essential to transport goods from. After the earthquake, authorities posted a graphic on the web detailing electric problems. A chalemate: When shrapnel hits homes. What to expect in Chile in 2011.
(CNN) -- Rifts within the Anglican Communion could widen after the archbishop of Canterbury, who has condemned the consecration of openly gay bishops, urged a diminished role Friday for the Episcopal Church.|||The Archbishop of Canterbury declined Friday to comment on the report, but initially has also said he will not respond to the news, although at the same time he has strongly expressed concern about the "image" of the institution, both within and outside the Anglican Communion. "I've seen the reaction, and I don't think it's the position we should have. I think we have just sustained an attraction," the archbishop said. "But what we haven't been doing, therefore, is stepping back, and I think you're going to have to do what I think the church bishops should be doing." The controversy began after there was controversy last month when a number of Episcopal bishops, who are ordained by the Church of England, came out as gay. The Episcopal Council condemned the crisis as well, saying it is a matter for the clergy. For now, gay bishops have been in the clergy corps of both churches, according to the National Council of Churches. But the lead bishops on the committee have said it is their opinion that openly gay bishops are not in the Church of England. The bishops also have announced the return of another inter-church conference at the end of this month, which has taken place several times in the past few weeks. The Episcopal Council is seeking to find a leader who will seize "the moment and the opportunity" and advocates recognizing the differences among the church's churches, the statement said. The bishops also issued a statement last month indicating that they "are not ready to accept openly gay bishops in our church." The agency also said it is seeking a "wardened ministerial position." At a news conference this week, Bishop Brian Murphy apologized to the organizations and lay people "who feel that our statement expresses a lack of respect." A spokesman for the Episcopal Church noted that he added that the organization does not make demands on it. They acknowledge that the conference's leadership is a public forum for leaders to make pastoral decisions that will affect the lives of those who belong to it. The clergy are required to indicate to the lay members that they will ordain gay bishops.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The newly named lawyer for Michael Jackson's children makes her first court appearance Monday as a judge decides if he'll approve a contract between Jackson's estate and concert promoter AEG Live.|||Thomas Jackson's widow, Janet, did not appear in court on behalf of the children. She made oral petitions for a hearing before a judge in Los Angeles on Monday. Janet Jackson, though, did not appear, though it was clear from a photo album she posted on her website that she was teary as she sat through her own interview. Her new lawyer, Jonas Bornstein, is representing Taylor, Blanket and Blanket. Bornstein, the children's attorney, and Jon Bon Jovi, a former chairman of Universal Pictures and Fox Television, are contesting the outcome of the Jackson Music & Entertainment Company bankruptcy proceeding filed by AEG Live on May 26. As the couple struggled to pay their debts, AEG sued the estate after it filed for bankruptcy protection from Jackson's gambling debts. Jackson's music company has filed for bankruptcy protection several times over the years. AEG maintains that the United States Supreme Court must hold a trustee responsible for every breach of its contract with the Jackson estate. Bornstein, who serves as a trustee for the estate, has asked the court to investigate AEG's breach of contract. Bornstein and AEG also have disputed whether the Jackson Kids music company should have requested to speak to a third party, not part of the legal proceedings to prevent the death of Jackson. In May, filed a letter in Jackson's case, the Michael Jackson Entertainment Company LLC, a group tied to the estate of Jackson's late manager, Paul "Pops" Jackson, said a meeting with representatives of the performers and team members, "has proven that a reasonable venue was determined." The Jackson Entertainment Company -- which owned the Jackson children's live events from the beginning -- is alleging unfair business practices by the Jackson Group and should be barred from visiting television sets or sound stages sold by the estate. It has not said how much it will pay the Jackson Group. The entertainment company, however, called the arrangement "fee-for-service" and says it has full control of the plan. Judge Ronald Haynie may have a tougher time determining whether the plan is legal, Haynie said last month. "Judge Haynie, don't let this company talk," Haynie said. The judge had approved the arrangement earlier, but a U.S. Department of Justice investigator contested the deal after Lawson Jackson told a court last week that there was "not sufficient evidence of fraud." "Mr. Lawson Jackson stated in June that there is no way to show that the corporation acts unreasonably under any circumstances, and neither AEG nor its members were involved in violation of law," Haynie said. "Michael Jackson's mental health problems and unbalanced hearing impaired him, and he fell an estimated $10 million in arrears before this agreement was signed. The court could have dismissed it." The Jackson Entertainment Company was represented by Mary Carey. Carey declined to comment on the meeting.
(CNN) -- North Korea's state news agency reported Friday that the country's Internet servers are subject to daily "intensive and persistent virus attacks" that the government blames on "hostile forces" including the United States.|||The April 2010 attack on Ukraine, Russia, Spain and Germany, as well as a post-Snowden attack on South Korea, are included in what government and news agencies call a North Korean cyberespionage campaign. North Korea said earlier this month that it had begun the attack on Myanmar and that it was in early stages. Reuters reported last month that the North Koreans have spent nearly $1 million defending themselves from the attacks.
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania judge Friday struck down a law requiring voters in the state to show photo identification at the polls, saying the requirement imposed "unreasonable burden" on voters and represented "a legislative disconnect from reality."|||Judge Scott Alexander of Pittsburgh struck down the Pennsylvania law, arguing it was a "special interest-serving" restriction and would have "undue and discriminatory effect." A word from the State Supreme Court would be served when the case is reviewed later this year, and no final decision has yet been made on whether that will happen. Wilmington, North Carolina, is one of several localities in the state that has been required to make a photo identification request when voters get to a polling location. Or those in the Northampton County, New Jersey, area who get to a polling place get their photo taken. One thing that no one seems to understand is that a requirement to validate documentation is how the polling place is supposed to do business. "That could be problematic in some jurisdictions," said Christina Geiger, executive director of the Center for Voting Rights, a group representing thousands of Pennsylvania voters. It could be particularly problematic for the District of Columbia, Geiger said. Unlike Delaware's law, Pennsylvania's allows voters to apply only if they have a birth certificate or state photo identification. "We don't have these requirements in every other state," Geiger said. "Our focus is on the citizens of Pennsylvania and not different parties." As a result, most Pennsylvania voters already use a statewide registration system or two, leading to the requirement to show a photo ID at the polls. According to Geiger, the hardest place to get such documents is North Wilmington. That's because it is a city of 13,000 where only about 6,000 people registered to vote during the general election. It has 20,000 registrants with unique, official photo identification documents. The need for identification, Geiger said, "is not about turning someone in that person's name," but simply "being prepared to show identification." Virginia has four million registered voters. A common Republican held the state's governor's mansion when Democrat Ed Rendell was re-elected. Pennsylvania voters do not have the power to change voter registration at the polls, but there is a process that allows registered voters to issue a form of ID that allows them to make a registration decision. The process, Geiger said, is called "electronic voter registration." Polling locations go "a lot further when you face voters who are not aware of the process or want to wait to go into the polls at all," she said. A photo identification is an important part of the job of a voter registration process, Geiger said. As voters talk in front of polling places before they make their selections, photo ID information is readily available from the official databases. The government is asking to have voters show their identification when voting, but by law voters are required to provide it. This is a large voter file and doesn't want to file anymore forms, Geiger said. Photo ID is a government form for registering voters.
(CNN) -- A newly found pharaoh's tomb in Egypt has historians scrambling to rewrite the chronicles of the ancient kings of the Nile.|||On Thursday, which marks the 1,000th anniversary of King Bongra's ancient reign, historians found in the ancient Cretan Bayo Cave unearthed a section of ground buried by Bongra that archaeologists think was laid with body-size bodies. Of the 2,700 bodies uncovered by the 82-year-old excavation, 75% were non-dying and were not buried there, said archaeologist Victoria Gourlay. For example, W. Hadji, who excavated a portion of the tomb next to the avenue for four months in the 2010, unearthed the remains of a Bronze Age Egyptian. "When the Egyptian King Bongra was being married, he sent two soldiers from Egypt over an earthen pass," Gourlay said. "They buried him with stones but none of it was His remains. I was standing in the hallway of a palace building." It's not clear how much of the tomb used for great public life -- at the time called the Monastery of Souk Souda -- but the family remains in the capital. Because it contains ruins, most of the palace is used for study, records, and artifacts. In its most popular items, the Egyptian Pharaoh identified many of his predecessors as Africans, and also family members of the villagers he had conquered. The Egyptian pharaoh defeated a Ptolemaic ally in 2181 BC -- known as the Ministre of the Pharaohs -- to become the first pharaoh of Egypt. Many archaeologists speculate that the vast, complex room, containing underground rooms, contained the remains of queens and individuals. Other discoveries include coins, Egyptian-style shoes and items that were not known to archaeologists before. Reporters have struggled for months to find Bongra's tomb and its code of honor, which archaeologists say requires both modern and ancient times standards. Some have criticized Gourlay's technique, including the erroneous assumption that only warriors were allowed into the tomb. More than 5,000 artifacts and artifacts will be identified by archaeologists, who will then try to explain its presence at the ground level of the cave. There have been delays in tracing back the site from the time of the construction of the site back to the excavations. Archaeologists suspect that tradition may prevent them from knowing exactly where a site was. More than 700 people lived in the tomb during the rule of the Pelecan dynasty from 2.8 to 19.5 BCE, said Gourlay. The city still has many important antiquities to show, including 12 times the size of the tomb originally excavated in 2012, she said. Documents say that the tomb had two bathing baths. In addition, the place also housed sophisticated tombs for monarchs.
(CNN) -- The European Union imposed a ban Friday on the import of Syrian oil, the latest diplomatic move against Bashar al-Assad's embattled regime.|||Emirans in northern Syria will remain on a strict no-solicitation list, the European Union said Friday, and Moscow has a similar option with them. European officials had been discussing sanctions for weeks, but the political crisis prompted the action, whose swiftity surprised many. The U.N. arms embargo was imposed Thursday on the assets of the Syrian government in Iraq after the United States lifted a U.N. embargo on Russia's arms sales to Syria. But with little progress being made to ease the conflict there, the E.U. decided to step up the pressure on Syria by restricting sales and the financial transfers, the bloc's High Representative for Foreign Affairs, Karl May, said. The move should have the effect of stopping Iranian oil exports from the West. The E.U. already had it in place for oil exports from Iraq. Earlier this month, the EU imposed a ban on Iranian missile sales to Iran that could affect exports to Ireland, because the countries are the second largest oil exporters in the world. The E.U. also has been moving to crack down on Yemen and its arms smuggling efforts. The E.U. imposed the U.N. embargo on the 16 countries in the region because of human rights violations. The U.N. plan is first expected to take effect on August 8. See video about violence in Yemen ». On April 30, the E.U. imposed the embargo after the release of more than 100 men from a Greek prison for allegedly planning an attack on a Russian gas station in Damascus.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers.|||VICE's work provides a unique window into the daily lives of the average American. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. "VICE New Year's Eve Shred": Meet the world's first Black channel: And so far, no one's been arrested for the video of a mysterious van rammed into a Philadelphia police car head-on. Let's review. Mike Lopez, Vice's founder and CEO, is very bullish on this website, calling it a "disturbing emergence" as a brand. An estimated one-third of American millennials don't see the value of a news website. Vox has a weekly news magazine of under 10 issues that you can access free through its website, VBS.TV. The program goes one step further, featuring behind-the-scenes looks into events with gripping full-depth details of the subject matter as well as behind-the-scenes challenges and opportunities. The show focused on domestic and foreign crimes in 2013, and began its four-month run last year with four videos, titled Keep Count, Keeping Cryin', Killing Them and Killer Kitty. The series was commissioned by Vice editor-in-chief Shane Smith and has since expanded to a weekly news magazine and a television show. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. Meanwhile, a first trial verdict in the Life Is Belonging trial of radicalized student Naeem Khan has sparked an online debate on race relations, gun control and the Black Lives Matter movement. CNN commentator Hufnagel Bum has recently interviewed an Iranian American, who says the murder of America's youngest black president and father is proof that race relations are still deeply flawed. But on Friday, Michael Sacks said the conviction was vindicated and said he has now left the rap scene. "I know I ain't leaving Egypt," he said. "Not unless the President is sitting in front of a camera with a gun in his hands, that ain't a political justice bench, and they are just an individual crime scene. And that says a lot about where the nation stands right now."  Watch other cities from CNN.com's Inside Story. January 26, 2009 -- President George W. Bush goes into first war on a black helicopter. Now he's in the White House. "We have freedom from fear and intimidation and we haven't given up hope," the former U.S. Defense Secretary, Frank Gaffney, told CNN's "Fresh Start" program on Friday.  Watch the full CNN.com story, "A Pentagon where you can live in complete anonymity and still do great work," and read the original CNN.com story. Copyright 2009 CNN.com All rights reserved.
Quito, Ecuador (CNN) -- Voters in Ecuador might have a chance to weigh in on a high-profile case of sibling rivalry.|||Polling staff were stationed at a polling station last week for the planned Sunday vote. Some 50,000 people will cast ballots in Ecuador as returns from last Sunday's vote were issued. The council is heading to the Ciudad de Oro mountains to count the votes, and the results could make Ecuador's president the first to lose the support of one of his brothers since the early 1960s. "The other brother of Quito is brandishing the same spectacles," said Luis Carlos Pérez, an editor at El Espado del Comandante, a newspaper based in Cuenca. "The truth is that we have more than just one brother in Quito, and that is given to you by tradition. But he is so publicly backed by the pro-privatization party and for the same thing he never actually dared to publicly criticize anyone." Pérez, the party's candidate for the April 7 runoff, faces opposition from his brother, President Rafael. "But I am not being paid for any bribery of the elections," Pérez, also known as "baby president" said. "I am living with the consequences of my brother's support," he said. "Who else is running?" Ecuador has a political history filled with family tensions. Former President Rafael Correa is the son of Correa's wife. In the 1970s Correa was an elective leader. After Correa ran for vice president, Pérez became president. Although Guillermo Correa, the current president of Ecuador's senate, is not the same person, the popular vote counts are significant in the life of a president. If they break it down: who votes for who? Pérez is the most popular candidate in the two-candidates race, a wide margin of 23%. If he wins, Pérez runs unopposed for the April 12 election, which is to be contested by the ruling Democratic Unionist Party (PDP). He would not face the Opposition Revolutionary Front (PGR) as he would in 1990 but would run unopposed in the 2008 presidential elections, a statement by PGR said. Communist supporters of Cemil Dukes, the former vice president and president of the PGR, voiced confidence that he could beat Correa. Robust opposition is needed if Correa's chances of victory are to be maintained. But supporters of the two-term PGR leader, Cristobal Sanchez, have warned that he can be increasingly unpopular with the people if he did not win. Daniel Zelaya, head of the independent National Liberation Front of Bolivia (NEUTRANS) and Rodrigo Rojas, vice president of Nicaragua, are the two main opponents of Correa. Both are supporters of Correa and Marcos Benitez, who was criticized by the opposition for failing to denounce corruption in his earlier elections. Ecuador's economy has slowed and, at worst, fallen to low levels after President Rafael Correa was elected. Asked what she would do if the opinion polls turn negative, Pérez said, "Yes or no." She has compared many people in Ecuador to President Felipe Calderon, who was also left without a second term in office. "I would ensure that whoever was elected is controlled by democracy and will not allow the Corones to continue their unceasing poverty," Pérez said.
(CNN) -- The global appeal of football can hardly be doubted. It is said the membership of ruling body FIFA exceeds that of the number of member countries in the United Nations.|||The issue of corruption at FIFA has exploded with so many exposés from a few men accused of corruption over the past year. While the "World Cup's" 14 members, who do include former leaders of Iraq, England and Russia, have often been accused of cheating in the past, many, including the group's boss FIFA president Sepp Blatter, believe the tales are simply a distraction. "What we're seeing is a story, a scandal masquerading as a sporting event, not connected to football," Blatter told CNN's Alex Warehouse. "There is a lot of over-promising and under-delivering, a lot of lying. We're seeing businesses and governments who use it to enrich themselves and they get all the publicity that they could." Blatter also admitted that some of the enormous amounts involved in the alleged cheating were plucked from a brilliant football player, the magnificent Real Madrid player Zinedine Zidane. The crumb pile at the heart of the FIFA scandal has become laughable. The man who has publicly demanded Washington slap "fear and suspicion" on FIFA for its actions should seek support from a man who is accused of both lying and protecting his horse. "We have agreed on a framework for public disclosure of data relating to political, economic and international football at Uefa, but on paper it looks a little like a bunch of coward politicians lying behind closed doors in a chamber full of powerful executives who can make a deal. A lot of these guys keep their heads down," Blatter told Warehouse. It was Blatter who commissioned the investigation into the alleged corruption of the 2011 World Cup in Russia, which cost local revenue almost $3 billion and was the first ever tournament held in Georgia. Yet all of us -- especially the hardcore football fans -- hold the reputation of global sporting behemoths very dear. Most people accept that corruption can ruin the reputation of a major international sporting competition, and all anyone needs to do to combat this is simply look beyond the façade. "What FIFA does is encourage and encourage corruption by making wealthy businesses in countries with reduced standards and low morals find it easier to use that business as a platform to benefit themselves," Blatter said. The corruption accusations follow a year of investigations into the FIFA World Cup in France in June, which brought to light corruption in decisions regarding the host city. As CEO of the organization, Blatter has an opportunity to prove that he had a genuine understanding of the needs of the game he then oversees. "I just hope that enough people will do what is right for the game and the football people," Blatter said. The election of Blatter as FIFA president would be an act of monumental generosity, not only to him and to FIFA, but also to those who bought into his ambitions when he bought the sport into a group that many of them held in secret for years, such as football analyst David Gillies. The president has been quoted as saying, "I am now convinced that we have seen a conspiracy," and adding that there "are two sides to every story." When it comes to corruption, Bill Clinton was famous for using his own money for political reasons, the charge stemming from a police investigation. He moved to Washington where he was charged in a racially motivated case against the legendary Charles Aznavour for having practised racism, an allegation that Uefa strongly denies. Earlier in January, the World Anti-Bribery Committee accused Blatter of having twice bribed world governing body FIFA, in the 1990s, in order to win a bid to host the 2000 World Cup. CNN's Anderson Gould contributed to this report.
(WIRED) -- It seems impossible for Apple to put a decent camera into anything but the iPhone, and despite many hopes, both cameras in the iPad 2 are about as rudimentary as you could get without having to load a roll of film in there.|||The iPad 2 has important hardware features in it, and then there are the keys: one camera, one lens. Apple has locked down the company's reservations about taking the camera into an iPad so it won't present itself to others. It's essentially one of those features that makes you think of ultra-comfortable fashion gear, such as smart phones. Other important features such as the ability to record your music and movies with a camera, a feature the iPad offers, will not necessarily be available. Nevertheless, there are some that may be easy to get used to or watch. Remember that some good news about the iPad 2 was in making Apple's tablet into a first-party product for more than a year; previously, some keyboard-clutching bloggers had done that. It turns out that Apple created iPads with some pretty decent software, and that's a step in the right direction. However, Apple still doesn't have iOS11 out yet, and it won't come out until at least September. So those are the reasons I predict that when Apple finally releases iOS11 the iPad will look something like this: The iPad will look pretty much like the original iPad, but with software changes you can create your own apps from. MacRumors calls Apple's software death knell; while other media outlets have been on a wet 4½-day flight to New York to meet Apple execs, or worse, have leaked complaints, the iPad will still retain some of the functionality and features that made the device popular. This will be particularly true when the new iPhone 6 comes out next year. If the Internet doesn't have a lot of money, consumers will lose a ton of income. Hence, you see why it won't be that easy to convince some to buy an iPad when iOS 11. Over the long term, though, there will be plenty of potential games, apps, and other goodies to look forward to. Take a look at how to turn your computer into an attractive mobile device for real people. iReport: We found our gift for an iPad in George Orwell's 1984. The Apple iPad 2 will receive some prominent coverage from The Economist.
FACETIME: Ferit Sahenk, Chairman,   Dogus Holding.|||Ferit Sahenk stands outside of his Dogus Holding office in Buchenwald, Germany. He beialkommentar Naqvi Koin to discuss US-South Korean Collusion. When contacted, Sahenk said: "The comments are false." His questions from a meeting with Korean representatives last week in Los Angeles was received at the office of US-South Korean Chairman Kim Jong Il, and he saw no situation where he was concerned with security. It is less certain now, he said, as to whether China or North Korea could become a sponsor of either a firm or a country.   Duncan Macnachton, a professor of history at University of California Santa Barbara, applauded the meeting. "The kind of sit-down is appropriate at this stage," he said. Sahenk said he was looking forward to getting to know the global Korean president better. Sahenk noted that Choi Geun-hye, who leads the controversial and highly respected United States-South Korea policy dialogue, said the official Kim had read to him that the last months of the policy were "absolute failure." Sahenk's last statement, "and the total failure of joint efforts by Mr. Kim and the U.S.-South Korea government is something we have witnessed repeatedly, and yet no direct evidence can be found to undermine it. To this day, I have visited South Korea regularly," he said. "I think he has sincerely shown interest in his policies to give me an understanding in the future." Sahenk's opinions on technology and security have been consistent throughout the reporting of this article.
(CNN) -- Six Chinese Communist Party investigators have been sentenced to between four and 14 years in jail after they drowned a local official during a botched interrogation that has shone light on China's secretive extrajudicial processes.|||There was a 'toxic death' inside the hospital in Shanghai after two China Coast Guard officers collected a family photographer from the guest house to interview him after being instructed by local police to do so, he later told reporters. The pair got off at the end of a three-day stay, never returning to get food for their sick mother, the police said. The two officers fell ill to the doctor and another colleague helped them to change a bottom line. The officers were using a diluted diet contaminated with fat to wake up in the morning and denied it was from a contaminated diet but instead, injected a tainted version. The seven officers detained inside a hospital health facility were interrogated by officers from the rural city of Dongguan who confirmed they came from the same province, said the Justice Department in Beijing, China's Ministry of Public Security. The officials that were indicted on charges of causing a suicide faced death by exposure. But while the official weight limit for alcohol consumption by a worker with a government medical license was 10 kilograms (24.9 lbs), the intake was 3 kilograms (8.4 lbs), according to the official Xinhua news agency. "The tests showed a drug mix with high levels of both methanol and copper acid, a particular influence on the diet and the digestive system," its report said. "The diet was contaminated with a mixture of an old, no-good cholesterol-free powdered chemical mixed with gasoline, petroleum and oil. "These tastes remind the doctors that the diet was contaminated with water and used to kill the patient ... Thus, the diet was not only contaminated by drinking water, but also with chemicals and other stuff that required at least a 90 percent intake for nutrition to perform properly." The 52-year-old Wang, from Dongguan, was tested for more than five hours for the death by ingestion of a diet that was poorly designed, according to the court order, because investigators had failed to follow all their procedures during the interrogation. But the autopsy showed that the body was not actually from the fed up official who died at the inquest. There is no evidence that he was drinking after the interrogation. "It would have been more alarming if he had died of intentional poisoning," CNN's Zemina Eshifang reported. "There is no smoking at all in the investigation, he was described as a vegetarian and a control group member who never smoked and who was only detoxifying his diet as a choice." The Daily Mail reported on the investigation into Wang's death: "He was detained by the security forces, including armed forces members who are former agents," the newspaper said, citing a press release from the Chinese government. "He was taken to the government-run Xinjiang Military Administration Hospital by his family where a son was found dead in his hospital room." When the investigation found no concrete reason for Wang's death, authorities failed to verify whether he had been drinking illegal substances or methanol. "There is no official evidence to prove the autopsy results were made up," Xinhua said. The news agency called on Chinese citizens living outside China to refuse to consume "secretively contaminated food from abroad," saying that the government will not tolerate "drinking, eating, breaking things, doing nothing for food. "We cannot let anyone go bankrupt from eating artificial food." "Before setting the limits for others' assets and wealth, China has done nothing to restrict people from smuggling food. There have been countless cases of Chinese residents being sentenced to jail for small amounts of a certain amount," the Daily Mail said. "The basis for this ruling is that we could never import food from outside China." China's Ministry of Public Security said in a news release Friday that Beijing would pay 30 billion yuan ($4.8 billion) in fines to guilty officials. It said that actions taken by China "including holding people who committed crimes on account of misuse of official position" amount to one billion yuan ($3.3 billion). The news agency published a statement to clarify that the fine for food fraud, which is calculated on a yuan-per-meal basis, carries a maximum of 50,000 yuan ($7.6 million). The ministry, it said, would raise the limit for such violations from 30,000 yuan, to 50,000 yuan. "We will force the two senior officers with the suspicion of defying the regime to pay an amount of the same amount, and will rigorously probe the case." The ministry said that food fraud can be proven to be a crime. The deaths in Dongguan involved either in transportation accident or with suspected illegal weapons, including a reported chicken fatal accident, although no chicken was found in the accident. People have been seized with stolen photographs. On Tuesday, Huangmen reported another 67 corpses from the Chinese coast, officials said. Chinesense.com reported that the case is part of a much larger campaign to clamp down on corruption within China's government.
(CNN) -- Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio said Tuesday he shrugged off reports of a $1 million bounty on his head by Mexican drug cartels, saying this is not the first -- nor the largest.|||Arpaio said he has made "assassinated" drug smugglers and would not hesitate to arrest them, but said the people responsible for getting him arrested are intent on making things worse. "In all honesty it's really a violent situation, both financially and with respect to my safety. You can't negotiate with a beautiful woman, who has no interest in a conversation with a sheriff." 
(CNN) -- Passengers on the US Airways flight that crash-landed into the Hudson River Thursday afternoon praised the actions and courage of the pilot, a safety consultant with 40 years of experience in the aviation industry.|||The passengers praised the actions of the flier, a flight attendant, as well as the aircraft and the pilot of the plane that landed near the Hudson River in New York, the U.S. Coast Guard said. Flight 1240 left LaGuardia Airport in New York around 5:30 p.m. on Wednesday. A Boeing 737-800 from Newark, New Jersey, took off for New York City. All 20 passengers on board were wearing seatbelts and were evaluated by a flight attendant and two U.S. Coast Guard personnel before they boarded the jet. The plane was making approach to the Taconic Airport, but then suddenly veered off the runway to land at the relatively low point on the Hudson River. Crews then climbed out of the plane, which was at 75 feet (22 meters) in pitch blackness. All 13 passengers and 10 crew members were uninjured, the Coast Guard said. The flight, operated by US Airways, was bound for the New Jersey City International Airport. US Airways said some passengers experienced turbulence during the landing but could not note the cause. (Prior to the incident, passengers were known as "Pennies" because of their colorful knickerbockers, the Coast Guard said.) The service did not identify the plane because of its condition. The pilot could not land the aircraft after engine trouble, according to the Coast Guard, but the pilots do have other resources. Coast Guard helicopters were scrambled in response. The Coast Guard said strong currents ahead of the accident made it difficult for the pilot to know what to do with the jet. The lifeguards aboard were alerted that low-level currents in the east-bound jet followed the jet. In response, the Coast Guard jet carried the 1,300 pounds (450 kilograms) of baggage from the terminal and a 7-ton (4.2 tons) landing platform, the Coast Guard said. Crew members, while traumatized by the crash, were evacuated. One passenger told CNN affiliate WCVB that "all the passengers were in our favor" and that the crew was focused on helping them. "It's scary and scary and they're waiting for some angels to take them off" the Coast Guard said. The pilot of the plane, Captain James Summey, said that despite frightening turbulence, he stayed calm and started talking with the passengers. He also said that he noticed other people, including himself, going into hard position in the cockpit of the plane. "He's yelling at everyone to keep calm," Summey said. "Everybody's look at the plane is absolutely blood. It has difficulty handling. There's nothing to maintain. But when he had to pull the plane over and touch it down with his hands and arms, he made that very difficult decision," Summey said. The pilot asked not to use his real name, according to Summey, and it's unclear whether the airline changed his mind, officials said. According to airline records, Summey had about 900 commercial aircraft flying between North Carolina and Florida, but never before had he scheduled a trip to New York. The airline did not immediately comment on Summey's experience. U.S. Airways said the incident is under investigation by Aviation Safety Investigation (ASHI) teams of NTSB and U.S. Military Forces Command, which includes air traffic control, area hospital personnel, flight and ground safety officers, airport workers and airport pilots, as well as lawyers and airports officials. CNN's Adam Scheiner contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A person's risk of stroke is associated with the number of fast-food restaurants near their residence, according to a study presented Thursday at a stroke conference in San Diego, California.|||"According to one study -- a survey of 150,000 people -- American Heart Association Nation Core nutritionisti influenced two-thirds of fast-food restaurants to have at least one complaint at the last six months of the visit period," Dr. William Oden, lead author of the study, told CNN. "In spite of some of the publicity from the event this seems to have had, it can take you a long time to actually show up, and while you can be here for 24 hours after calling the restaurant, it might only be the next two to three hours," Oden said. Fast-food restaurants often have flashing signs and inspectors walk around intensifying sodium concentrations, a problem that is being increasingly linked to strokes. Opinions vary. Stroke surgery specialists report seeing an increase in fat-free foods and fatty foods taken from children during the years after children's development, particularly among patients whose parents did not have access to a stroke center.
|||The South American country of Brazil suffered heavy snow flurries this week as the weather began to tighten, causing the ground to buckled under the weight of melting snow and driving away chunks of snow. "According to CNN IAW," Brazil's weather service said, the local government released a statement describing unanticipated snowfall levels of zero to 4 feet. The government agency reported 70 percent of the country's reservoirs -- generally 7 million cubic meters -- had run dry, meaning that all possible snow accumulations would be seen by the end of the month. "There was a devastating accident in particular in Salvador on October 12," the agency said, warning that this phenomenon could happen again. At least 40 incidents of people getting stuck, the FALEC rain forecast through Sunday said, each to the extent of about 10,000 square meters (20,000 square feet). The FALEC snowfall is most expected in the mornings as sunlight is low, high, and scattered throughout the day, and the low temperatures above freezing during the day. "Tracked snow could lead to flooding in South-Central Brazil, in which more than 3,000 homes are expected to be affected," the weather service said. "It's a potential food source for some 1.6 million people in the state." According to the FABC website, South-Central Brazil fell into a drought in 2008, ending a nearly decade-long warm spell that left 5.3 million people and 36.6 million tons of water stored as lake sediment in the country's lowlands. During that time, 27 percent of its lands were lost to rain. Government officials said sifted rain from southern regions of the country provided moisture through November to the northern parts. During that period, Brazil usually gets snow several days before the rain arrives. Since November has been a down year for rain in South-Central, South-Central Brazil and the rest of the South Atlantic region. The FABC said one indicator for why Brazil had a low water table, particularly in areas further south than the ocean, is the monthly average amount of snow on the ground. Fulfillment of snow fall is dependent on how much rain has been falling. For example, during the past two months, the annual average rainfall in South-Central Brazil was 1.2 millimeters (63 U.S. cents) per day. By December 15, 2005, the rains usually killed off much of the snow cover, allowing ice to form on local glaciers, which carry water and ice. What was happening is that the snow was melting faster and faster than normal and consequently ice would be melting faster, with consequent heavy rains and melt ice. In Brazil, the temperature was 50 degrees Celsius (86 F) at 9 a.m. (04 a.m. Sunday) and it is forecast to fall as low as 0.5 degrees Celsius (7 F) by Monday. And Brazilian authorities warned a similar situation could occur in the United States. The SFRJ, a regional weather bureau, said a distribution of precipitation that "describes isolated storms" could occur with the temperature low enough to freeze solid ground, unless the stream level rises above freezing. It will combine with weak winds that bring about landslides. The WSL is a climate forecasting agency, meaning that the global body has a forecast temperature (10C) for the storm of high intensity that could see snow fall. "Understandable temperatures are expected in Latin America. In fact, at the WSL forecast, rain will be needed in a lot of areas," the agency said. "Because the Lake Ontario scenario, it will be especially critical in the country." Some areas in Brazil, including Santa Cruz, have seen temperatures below the record low hit of 10 degrees Celsius (45 F) this month. Some schools, because of flooding, announced that they had canceled classes due to the snowfall. Others, such as Porto Acuerdo, the city of Sao Jose, have canceled classes due to poor visibility and safety. It is not safe to drive in salt. The hot, dry state, known as Cidade de Caxias, has cost billions to fix. It is expected that some roads will remain closed because of the water table, the government said, adding that lightening could cause the problem. In the short term, Brazil is also going to see some level of debris on its roads, particularly in cities such as Porto Acuerdo and Pedro Preto, about 20 kilometers (12 miles) away from the main city, lasting from 4 to 6 miles, according to the Brazilian Red Cross office.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "my name back" after he was identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.|||The Illinois House Republican said he asked the Illinois State Police to investigate Tuesday after reading about a complaint against him. The lawsuit, known as the Blagojevich criminal complaint, seeks to establish that Jackson has violated several charges stemming from his role as a campaign consultant and his use of his House office for a private home in Illinois, including a 1993 tax-free money-laundering amnesty he signed into a $5 million settlement with prosecutors. "My name and that of millions of Illinoisians has been dragged into the trouble of Illinois politics right now," Jackson, D-Ill., said in a telephone interview. "So I feel like, I guess it's unfortunate that there's a gang of thugs out there after the hood-up and it's not me. There's only one thing I'm worried about, and I hope the governor of Illinois will look into it," Jackson said. The disclosure came after the prosecutor's office received a letter from Jackson about some of the banks and credit cards on Blagojevich's personal check list. Jackson said he plans to respond to the letter on Thursday morning, clarifying that his House address was not misused and saying that he "oppose the use of [Blagojevich's] name as a personal reference." He said he will not resign from Congress, however, because, unlike Blagojevich, he does not owe federal money and that the state will pay for the debt. "I never did nor will I ever do anything illegal to help any private individual or corporation get rich. I will be the first to say this," Jackson said at his weekly town hall meeting. Jackson said he's also not campaigning for Blagojevich to run for office again. "I haven't been running for anything because I'm a lawmaker. But I'm not going to be running against the governor for a position that I haven't held," he said. Jackson said that in the past, Blagojevich has paid for the college tuition for a number of students from his home state of Illinois, making it necessary that Jackson also be paid the same to appear on television in broadcast syndicated programs, saying, "If not, no job for you or my wife."
Washington (CNN) -- With the posting of 400,000 classified documents from the Iraq war, WikiLeaks has shown a much heavier hand redacting compared to its previous publication of documents.|||WikiLeaks appeared to cloak some of its actions in apparent confusion when describing its approach. A key priority was to provide "critical" information to a wide range of international users and governments, and in so doing, it removed various documents from the balance sheet of its respective public groups. The cloak-and-dagger approach that for instance resulted in the 2014 leak of the massive U.S. diplomatic cables belonging to the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), proved unsuccessful. After a hard two-week struggle of censorship, WikiLeaks has now successfully executed that strategy in the post-9/11 era. The publication of the first batch of the documents on its Web site Saturday were initially based on unredacted “irrelevant” documents from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. But WikiLeaks removed those documents after a debate between an anonymous tipster from a private organization and WikiLeaks that the organization was questioning the claim it has a source and therefore he should not be trusted. WikiLeaks, running the site under the pseudonymous name "WikiLeaks,” published the first batch of documents just after the team of CIA analysts took it in hand. Still, WikiLeaks used the typical security approach.
(CNN) -- Many celebrities have taken part in the CNN Heroes campaign and attended the annual "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" shows. Here, we reach out to some of them and learn about the ways they've chosen to get involved and give back.|||Celebrads make appearances alongside their heroes. Here, we reach out to some of them and learn about the ways they've chosen to get involved and give back. HLN's Amy Beisner and our American Heroes issue this week will feature the contributions of CNN's top celebrities, who will be appearing on HLN's coverage of the October 14-17 Heroes Remembrance Day in memory of fallen heroes from all over the world. CNN's all-star special, which is produced by the network and Golden Globe, has hosted several ceremonies and "televisions," some of which have been packed with celebrities who have chosen to show their support. From Keri Claussen Khalighi to Brad Pitt -- all stars of Friday night's "Game of Thrones" -- to Annette Bening, the "Daily Show with Trevor Noah" host, more celebrities are taking part in "CNN Heroes" by volunteering their time and talents in support of the organization. To request a date for CNN Heroes Day and access to information about the feature's coverage, you should call 1-800-HELP-CNN (1-800-733-2767) or go to CNN.com/CNNHELP. CNN has enlisted the support of NASA to produce the series.
Teachers and Parents: Watch with your students or record "Black in America 2" when it airs on CNN on Wednesday, July 22 at 9 p.m. ET and Thursday, July 23 at 8 p.m. ET. By recording the documentaries, you agree that you will use the documentaries for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only. No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted, including, without limitation, any rights to sell, publish, distribute, post online or distribute in any other medium or forum, or use for any commercial or promotional purpose.|||By agreeing to use this station for educational purposes, you agree that you will monitor, record, download and/or distribute the CNN documentaries, and use them at your own expense, including for educational use only and not for commercial, promotional or any other purpose that may be generated by such use. By recording the documentaries, you agree that you will use the documentaries for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only. No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted, including, without limitation, any rights to sell, publish, distribute, post online or distribute in any other medium or forum, or use for any commercial or promotional purpose. © 2008-2012 Time Warner Cable Television Networks Inc. Some rights reserved. CNN is owned by Time Warner, Inc. The cable network is the proud owner of CNN: The Movie and Channel, the Emmy Award-winning PBS, the PBS mini-series Family & Kids and the Peabody Award-winning documentary series NAACP Atlanta. CNN: CNN: The Rose: The limited time commitment for the 10 minutes and one-hour shows can be modified to fill in gaps or pull a single show out. CNN: The project's creator, Joe Flaherty, has a long career spanning a dozen years of spending close to $20 million for documentary and feature production work at Time Warner, PBS, CNN and the Syfy network, including this short film version of "Tattoo: The Journey of a Warrior," a documentary that focused on Native Americans in the United States and TV series that was produced by filmmaker Brett Ratner. CNN: The foundation for the show is endorsed by Oprah Winfrey, and the foundation has worked for over 30 years to enhance the lives of students across America and across the globe. The scholarship at the Milken Institute shows that multicultural families support and nurture each other; that family survival is complex; and that "things are different in our society." CNN: The cable network's editorial division launched an attack on Time Warner last week, claiming Time Warner was trying to withhold its programming from CNN's educational and news division on moral grounds. The cable company announced a "Coverage Watch" extension, which grants CNN a $50,000 annual fee for all subscribers. CNN: We work with Time Warner to provide all content that our viewers enjoy. We use the channels in which our members consume our programs. Time Warner Cable has decided to join Time Warner Inc. in offering their members in-home and off-line access to cable video programming, regardless of their choices. Our mandate is simple: The public has the right to watch selected Time Warner network programming that broadcasts and/or honors Time Warner and Time Warner television stations by choice as well as the selection of studio appearances on CNN. Time Warner will give the cable network a quality production value based on current shows, its high production standards, and the distribution value (including live feeds) of its owned programming assets and Studios fee. Time Warner Inc.: There is no statutory minimum number of hours of advertising on Time Warner Cable Television Network, CNN stands by its integrity of that structure, and our intent is always to share our valuable educational and informational programming in whole or in part with the entire viewing audience. Time Warner Cable Television Network is pleased to stand behind a prompt and fair response to Time Warner Cable. Please call 1-877-TOLEDO (800-280-8255) and ask that Time Warner Cable Company and Time Warner Online partner Time Warner Cable, Inc., provide you with at least one remaining airing time for the following week (July 20th to July 27th, 2008). Time Warner Cable: You have until July 26th to respond to Time Warner Cable's Terms and Conditions of Use for the recording and use of our programs or you will be required to spend $150,000 toward their fees. Time Warner Cable operates independently and may appoint its own programming and for use as required by its Charter and other government entities. Time Warner Cable: Please grant Time Warner Cable to not carry on any use of Time Warner Cable programming that is not authorized by Time Warner. Time Warner Cable: Don't violate our current or prior cable programming contracts and may not delete, archive or transfer materials on Time Warner Cable network stations or any other Time Warner Cable premises. Time Warner Cable Inc.: The cable network cannot exercise its power to withhold programs it believes violate the Charter. We may not suspend time or take action without notice.
(RealSimple.com) -- 12 Fresh Cloth Napkins.|||Back from April 13, I saw that a traditional New Year's Tea was on a busy week for tea fans everywhere. Gourmet tea for four-course lunches in China always got rave reviews. However, the traditional Chinese tiffin tea still didn't cut it. Not for most American tea drinkers. They will pay you over $60 for a cup that's already 21% lighter than regular tea. But they look so good! T-shirt, tie, soup, bread with biscuits and some fancy china lunches, products from vegan foods and home-made salts and so much more! Firms like NaoLin Baochi, that eases your cart for several months. They say there is no guarantee that what they'll be "happy with" you'll spend the rest of your life using. They're keen to take the skin and tarts off your products. To take home the tarts and use them to make tea, they rely on authenticity, purity and love to use. You can find limited-edition items from China, like the See Striders and Try Made Water Tarts in Costco. Co-Founded in 1985, Nao Lin Baochi operates for more than 12 years in China and is a master blender and mixologist. She's in contact with a dozen manufacturers. She said her equipment is made of clean pressed powdered paper (which is manufactured in China) and powder. I first discovered Nao Lin Baochi at CVS Oregon. My mobile phone costs $1,900 a month. I recently downloaded the WeChat App and now I'm even more impressed with the download history, since all mobile phones now have Chinese-language apps! Gives you an all-new way to make new friends. Just remember that the size of your Facebook page doesn't matter. If there's a big enough page, that person can now find friends that they can connect with. I will not be leaving the USA again until your Facebook page is made the size of China. For more information visit the Facebook Family page. Make sure you can find people in your community and "like" them on Facebook. Like this page for unlimited Facebook access by giving someone your Facebook page information. Store: 558,999. On its second day at the launch of the mobile app, New York Times Newsstand opened a Samsung Plus Store. On the day of the opening, over 6,000 stores used the brand and the phone was sold out! They kept their final order in an hour! On a final note, Nao Lin Baochi's got 6 more stores to create over the summer as well. Found on More than 28,000 mobile devices. According to the company, her website still sells $200 billion in products each year. Today, some of her work gets done in three hours. Meanwhile, the local New York Times wire service reported that more than 4 million people use Facebook these days. In addition, 787 people share their Facebook status stories every day in New York. With China being No. 1 on Global Newsstand, more than 450 people add their Facebook status updates every 10 minutes. CNN also had some great tips about how to make the most of the group activities you don't see often enough on TV. Try Messenger as a World Social Network!
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Brad Pitt gets top billing in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds," but Austrian actor Christoph Waltz may have turned in the most memorable performance as a Nazi "Jew Hunter."|||Maybe the most memorable and energetic performance in this week's installment of "Seasons of Love." Chilean director Alfonso Cuaron's "Carnival Days" features an Indy movie from director Arnold Newman (also known for making "Catwoman") playing a character who ends up wrestling a video game in the high altitude mountains of Rio Alpina, Alta. While, on paper at least, the film may seem like an outlier, Newman told CNN Thursday he's getting every indie movie he can make. Though on paper, perhaps. "It's going to be a nostalgic movie in the sense that if I make this, I want to make an other normal movie, another party movie, but I just want it to be something fun," he said. "That's not because I think it's a great film, it's because it's going to be in a bucket of people's hand." Tarantino, the award-winning filmmaker behind "The Hateful Eight" and "L.A. Confidential," also stars Anthony Hopkins as the Nazi hunter Mick Jagger, along with Chiwetel Ejiofor and Cristoph Waltz. Final numbers and a trailer for "Basterds" are on the way. "The Hindu Gods: The new masterpiece!" they'd tweeted at the movie's official site. In "Inglourious Basterds, I'm sure you'll like my view of revenge as it attempts to go one better." In other words, it's the first time Tarantino's original American script has been adapted as a full film. Verbally praising it, its screenwriter Howard Ashman assured critics that "Basterds" had its biggest adaptation ever. "I'd never made a 'Basterds' before, and now I feel you'll see why I thought I'd make one -- I've seen it all," he said in a statement on the film's website. Robin Williams himself, who plays Mary Queen of Scots, has returned as an executive producer of the film. Meanwhile, on-screen chemistry as Bonde sizzles as she and Clooney defend the city from attack. Capturing the tension of the moment vividly with the lead characters' emotional turmoil is Billy Cox, Michael Redgrave, Radbul Burnout, and Stan Winston who play the poor middle-class Indian Indian people in the first chapter of the story. Opinions differ on whether Hathaway, Fisher, or Willis' "Reek" factor features in the movie. Best picture: Roman J. Israel, Esq. or "At the End of the World"? Tarantino won't say, but it's reasonable to suggest "Basterds" is bigger than "Carnival Days," the 2006 Italian film that has gone down in the Italian box office and dominated some national conversation in recent years. Until that point, "Inglourious Basterds" was mostly regarded as an eye-jock beach movie, a ride that wasn't exactly blowing up when it premiered in 2007. Despite all that attention, "Basterds" did easily rank among Tarantino's least-rated movies of all time. See everything we've told you about the movie: And check out "Christian Bale's Line" in his own words: "It was the movies that earned his star-crossed fate." "Peeling apart pieces of 'Basterds' -- $34 Million, a Michael B. Jordan cameo in 'Carnival Days' -- by Oliver T. Hoffman." Never say never. But Tarantino also might eventually have the movie thought of (and will probably make of) his latest blockbuster film instead. His new script has gotten him the chance to do more marketing, including from screenwriter John le Carre. At Wednesday's Television Critics Association press tour for "Basterds," actor Jeffrey Wright will play his iconic role as the lead character, Mossimo, whom Waltz carries around in a menacing dustbowl hat with a smoking smoke coming out of his eye at the climax. Oliver Teague is at the top of his game this week, and James Norton is on a roll, with the script almost as slick and Hollywood-ready as always.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Gordon churned across the eastern Azores early Monday after making landfall on the northern Atlantic islands, forecasters said.|||The tropical storm hit the Azores islands as a tropical depression, dropping rain which is heavy in places. But it quickly began losing strength, and the storm was expected to weaken to a tropical storm by midweek. While the intense storm is expected to generate up to 10 inches of rain, forecasters said much of the National Hurricane Center's forecast included no danger from hurricane force winds. "Gusty winds are expected for the short period of time," ABC Bay Area reported. Tropical Storm Gordon made landfall in the Azores at 4 a.m. (06 a.m. ET) Monday. A second storm, named Amelia, was passing south near the Azores Island of Tiverton. It was expected to produce 5 to 8 inches of rain and gusty winds, the NHC said. While gales were predicted on the Atlantic islands, "there is no threat of prolonged rainfall," the NHC said. With moderate risk, it said, most residents would experience only a few hours of rain in the short term. Watch forecasts ». Local officials said there was no significant traffic in or out of the Azores on Monday.
(Mashable) -- Dropbox has launched a major redesign, simplifying many file management tasks and bringing a new video and photo viewer.|||Users describe their favorite changelist articles and photos, which groups and descriptions are related to the page, and which show during the image or captioning process. Photos are displayed as icons on a computer screen. Videos are grouped into a video or gallery and used as labels when an image is viewed. If a video or gallery is not shown within the uploaded file, users can click it to save it to Dropbox. Everyone who uses Dropbox is getting a new profile photo. Users also get access to content that they have stored in their Profile Photo. Through its "AppActivity" feature, users can customize the audience for photos and videos they use in their profile photo gallery. Also, users are being paired with different people based on their work/user behaviors. All of this changes the number of services people access their Dropbox account.
(CNN) -- A woman in outrageous flared trousers kisses the cheek of a young girl. A snake slithers around another woman wearing a two-piece bathing suit. And elsewhere, a camel crosses ponderously in front of a gleaming Rolls Royce.|||Back from the rain soaked street of Tulsa, Oklahoma, a pair of people exchange playful greetings. The daughter's parents -- wondering why she has a fractured bottom, lying face down on a plastic sheet, ready for surgery -- smile along with her older brother. The man's hands full of water, sat up, presumably to stop the flow. The young girl questions the woman wearing the knee-high pants and walking backwards. They kiss for a moment and the woman goes on. You could probably sniff what's going on in that neighborhood. Bottoms are covered with cobwebs, peeling paint is the norm. Someone has bent over, pressing the door in the nude to gain access to the trees and trees, which contain the pebbly pots and hedges that give the neighbors privacy. Under them, a huge swamp vine reaches its honey-colored peak. A snake slithers around another woman wearing a two-piece bathing suit. And elsewhere, a camel crosses ponderously in front of a gleaming Rolls Royce. Watch the video above to learn more about what's going on in Tulsa. Don't hesitate to call the Tulsa County sheriff, or click on this link:http://www.okotokomaw.us/ln.jsp... From this New Deal-like embrace, has a man awoken. They hang out for more than 20 minutes. The Oklahoma man apparently has a reason for seeking his youth and charisma in Tulsa. Things get even freer when he tries to engage youngsters in sports. It won't be easy: Bash Brothers leave state and move to Paris. But even if he doesn't get anywhere, like he did in the U.S.Boris Odufe joins the white team and finds a home in the Oak Knoll neighborhood of Oklahoma City. On Saturday, for the first time, all of them are in one place. Watch him give a pair of swimsuits a try. As he talks to them, a bison trots into the scene. And then there is the wiggle-show that is this June: Guests get to hold hands. It's coming soon: The Ballad of 'Fatme' looks like it can include African dancers, African waxes and a post-African show. Back then, the two of them were very different people but now, as the cameras roll, they have joined in. "I think that they just want to do whatever, even if they don't know what they're doing," said Boris Odufe. You'll probably be able to understand why. "That's the real disability: Us having to run the country and live our lives so that our community and society can be just as full as we are able to be." CNN's Tom Bakare and Dave Barry contributed to this report.
(CNN)Should police officers wear cameras to document their activities while on duty?|||What triggered the controversy at Umpqua Community College in Cambridge, Massachusetts? A police officer's camera. And it's not one you'd think it would be. The police officer working with the video captures a copy of a conversation between a fellow officer and a second officer who is coming over with a knife and a cop-issue camera. The whole conversation is part of a larger debate about whether the officer gets to shoot video during his shift. Though these videos aren't necessarily capturing criminal acts, they can provide a police officer with more details about their daily routines. "I am not in control of a group of people in my building," the officer says in a statement obtained by CNN. "What I am in control of is what I wear. And what I wear to that event is a video recording." The video of that police officer being interviewed after filming a video occurred was confiscated and posted to YouTube. It's not clear what the officer said to the cameraman. But the officer who got caught was apparently taken to the police station and photographed and is cooperating with investigators. The officer told CNN that officers knew what they were doing before he took the video, saying they had wanted to confront the suspect because the officer was armed and on duty. If the video evidence hadn't come back, the tape would have been turned over to a witness and the cop would have been shown a transcript of the conversation, the officer said. Since the recording was captured by the camera, the officer walked away without incident. The incident may have shaken police officers' credibility, as they are left carrying the "needler's tape" video, the officers told CNN. One of the officers told CNN they haven't released the video because it might be seen as a way for the officer to try to discredit the officer. It wouldn't be the first time they've treated a camera as one who will blow them up. One officer on the scene of a police practice shoot claims the cameraman shot the video without permission and also has a seat on the tape where he suggests the officer could have asked to be silenced. Despite the evidence, the officer said he will not release the video to anyone. The complaint remains under investigation. In a statement to CNN, the officer who started the debate said his actions were totally unintentional. "As far as I'm concerned, this is all inadvertent," he said. "Of course, sometimes you can miscommunicate with an innocent citizen, but this is something that can occur. I have spoken with my officers and that, for whatever reason, I have to take care of this," he added. "If I could hear an answer to why my order was taken, or for the actions I was a part of, I would take the recordings and maybe even keep them. That's just my way of answering the question."
(CNN)Thump.|||The bike was planted near a bamboo panel and the door panels hold the electricity, but the ceiling room too is heavier, said Joseph Edwards. A heavy weight usually sends the machine flying. The bike became smoldering by the time Edwards and his friend Anthony "Beater" Luongo got to work that morning, he said. Their daily cycle takes them from work around 11 a.m. to places such as the Hennepin County Courthouse and a downtown St. Paul's area exit. Edwards said the bike he used to get to work was a beater, but the construction happened some 30 years ago. He remembers finding it on the street. He got a shiny new Bikehawk helmet, he said. "Once you get in the bike, you put the helmet on, and it just gets hurt real bad. You have to step off," he said. "I had a bruise up my ribs and a nose bleed. My ribs didn't hurt." Edwards and Luongo, who stand about 6'4", rode with New Jersey Transit for some time last week. Train passengers could hear Trains in the nearby trunk and then a water main canal, they said.
(CNN) -- A Disney Cruise Line employee has been reported missing during a seven-day cruise off the Mexico's Pacific coast, the company said Thursday.|||8. The crew of the Disney Adventure World rated their ship the Orchid 34 and was scheduled to depart on April 27, the cruise company said. About 50 passengers and employees were on board the resort ship for a week of cruising around the Ulm, Mexico, resort. The island is close to La Lagoon and waits for cruise ships at the dock. One man was treated for dehydration in a docking area, the cruise company said. The resort resort, which is scheduled to open in May, was at capacity, the company said. Visitors began arriving late Thursday afternoon as some guests left the resort. The Orlando-based cruise line is closed until Sunday for two weeks, but is open for business again next week. Recently, the company said it offered free home stays to guests who request it, but reports on the cruise line's Web site have a cap on the number of those who can receive up to 24 rooms. According to Disney's Web site, the guests have been told they would be transported after the ship goes into dock for an emergency dock. Disney said crew members will consider throwing ice packs inside the resort of Ulm while awaiting the arrival of emergency personnel. They also plan to check the safety of other passengers aboard the ship, including its radio operator and first class passengers. "We are saddened by the loss of our employee and consider it to be a great tragedy for our team of people and for our guests around the world," said Peggy Dimitrijevic, vice president of the company's Cruising Division. "We look forward to continued support and look forward to continuing our engagement with the community." Meanwhile, cruise line spokesman Melanie DaCosta defended his line's statement. "Our ship is not in jeopardy," DaCosta said. "The people of Ulm are strong and very resilient and it continues to make Disney the most exciting cruise line in the world." CNN affiliate WESH reported earlier this week that the 'Orchid' had lost its full complement of 23 guests and their luggage after complaining about overcrowding. The ship had only 15 sea trials, and passengers boarded the next day, found their luggage, but still were technically unable to disembark. The TV network said the cruise company planned to investigate what happened. CNN is working with the cruise line to try to track down the missing crew member.
(CNN) -- For one weekend in September more than 155 million people in six neighboring countries in one continent pull out all the stops to honor the birth of their nations.|||Sudhali, Senegal, Tunisia, Cameroon, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Burkina Faso and Guinea Bissau are part of the sixth Annual African National Day (ANCD), which will take place on September 24-25. Families and friends plan "mini-brides" celebrating the origins of the entire continent in celebrating the independence of the six countries. They include Libyan President Abdullah al-Sadr, who recently returned home from a seven-day trip to Morocco in his honor. This annual event, called the birthday of the six countries, will celebrate their founding, also known as Nombasa. The name is derived from the name of the ancient Roman Catholic dynasty, according to UNESCO, the Non-Aligned Movement of the World's Nations. Campaigners believe a community can claim pride in the ancestral lands they seek to protect. The AND is traditionally held to symbolize the "emancipation" of their political entities, between the "mothers" (the people, and their new children) and their rulers (the king). In the past, NABAD leaders have associated birthdays with freedom, the founding of a country, and an election to put a candidate for president. "In 2009, we supported the successful election of President [Barthelemy] Malamudhali. We supported all the outstanding candidates in an effort to become the youngest leader ever of Africa," Malamudhali said in an interview with CNN's World Affairs program. "We support the will of the people to achieve freedom and unity of all the people of Africa," she said, adding, "I have known black women who were excited about this and the birth of their new country in Africa." The same was true when it came to news that NABAD was being occupied by a woman who was pregnant by an unidentified man. Malamudhali said the announcement broke "the impasse of the injustice we faced." Babies don't get to experience the day. Women don't get to find out in some cases whether they have a gender. She said some women may be suffering from postpartum trauma, despite many taking time off work and choosing to celebrate. Southern Africa continues to face a host of challenges, she said. "We want to celebrate the birth of the African nation, but we also think that we still face a lot of challenges," she said. She said violence and censorship can cause tension between parents and children in many countries around the continent. President Bill Clinton, who took charge of the continent in 2007, convened an African Union summit in Casablanca, Morocco, to get regional leaders on board and stressed that his leaders, including Nelson Mandela, give important roles to African countries. An annual tsunami disaster warning is expected to hit on the last day of the African National Day, bringing thousands of lives to a halt. It's not just Friday, when the tsunami warning comes to an end. CNN's automated animation gave CNN viewers a daily reminder of the significance of the holiday. It was founded after the 1979 Togo Earthquake, which claimed more than 3,000 lives. As major celebrations continue to take place in the country's nations, it's no surprise that revelers and tourists flocked to the beaches. "Mothers Day is in every country to celebrate their child being born," said Massoud M. Sami, president of the Cultural Center of the African Union in Abuja, in a statement released with the news. The statement urged everyone to be respectful of life during this day. Many Africans are divided by religion and social boundaries. Most African children under the age of 18 have no national identity or a formal legal rights to vote. "The 24 hours of Mother's Day are, in our opinion, the most important day of your life. Anyone who objects to this day should take action now and not later." History will live on. Can America benefit from AU? A September 24, 2017, human rights initiative was launched to support African independence. "If we stand together, as one people, we can overcome all our history and differences and unite the world," said the statement. CNN's Mike Fulton contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Atletico Madrid moved back ahead of city rivals Real Madrid in La Liga on Sunday with a 4-2 away win at Rayo Vallecano.|||Sandarman Rodriguez sealed the victory for the fierce red-hot defending champions when he stabbed home a close-range shot with two minutes remaining. Sergio Ramos opened the scoring with a late penalty for the club who lifted the Euro 2012 trophy last season for the first time when a controversial World Cup exclusion was lifted. Real Madrid moved three points clear of former champions Atletico with a 3-0 win at Barcelona. The 44-year-old Argentine played the entire game at center-forward for the title-winning side, taking a touch on the left and taking a penalty in the fourth minute of the second half. He scored his second early on before Saúl and Adria Pinto sealed it five minutes into the second half. Karim Benzema then sent a cross from Kaka for the Brazilian to head home with 15 minutes to play. Paulinho put the capital city side ahead in the 85th minute with a free-kick. A Diego Forlan own goal in the sixth minute later ended Real's siege and they marched through into the lead with 11 minutes left before Zinedine Zidane sent Xavi on for an intermission to play. Argentine legend Maradona also came off the bench as the former champions pounded away against the Bermingham side, and Jose Calleja paced in a second half strong performance that helped City to a point above at the top of the table. "As we see by how the match has developed, we can all take immense pleasure and leave it all behind us," the Colombian coach told reporters. "We've done exactly what we've wanted from the start. Now, to turn it around is an important job for us and for all the supporters in the city." Seville are now without a win this season, while their only win of the season comes from home defeat to Espanyol on February 4. Rayo Vallecano leveled on 71 minutes with Jose Areco scoring after Arjen Robben had got on the end of Cesc Fabregas' assist, but the 2-1 win by Atletico gave them the lead within three minutes of kick-off. To make matters worse, the Catalans went ahead in the 71st minute when Rene Mezquida chipped home Teor. The referee was done his duty and had no penalties to award, with Atletico leading 6-4. Despite the loss, second-placed Atletico now sit at 13 points behind fourth-placed Inter Milan, and Jose Antonio Reyes and Fernando Torres were in fine form against Benfica last night.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- The Mexican military has detained a suspected leader of a notorious drug-trafficking family in connection with the July slayings of two U.S. citizens.|||The National Guard said it detains Abel Rangel Melton of Pena Gardena, one of several murder suspects tied to the August 2012 abduction, shooting death and kidnapping of Claret Herrera, the former executive director of Mi Casa de Tia Dora Corazones, who lived in Michoacán City. Caena Flores Cruz, a regional coordinator for the Mexico Drug Enforcement Administration, was killed August 6 while protecting Mervin Lopez. The murder victims, a Mexican woman and a Central American man, had traveled in August for research on the network of drug lords using Mi Casa's ranch in Michoacán. El Paso, Texas, police killed Pablo Escobar, a drug trafficker from the Malmecota cartel based in Chihuahua, on January 4, Mexican authorities said Wednesday. El Paso was located near Escobar's ranch because it was known as Villa Caracol, which means "honey" in Spanish, but the city's mayor, Clara Calderon, said the slaying was a violation of law. Cuauhtémoc, New Mexico, has had an ongoing dispute with the El Paso cartel over the control of the cartel's supplies and its drug-trafficking operations, her office said in a statement. Calderon called on his supporters "to unite with us and cooperate in our new efforts to rid the country of the drug cartels." The Mexican Secret Service says the cartel plans to turn in "as many as 27 people as many drugs," according to a news release. Global Community, a network of international aid groups, paid $350,000 to the Juarez Cartel to disrupt its activities during the interview, meaning the smugglers were only trying to make "trafficking drugs from their ship or from people. The extortionist had sent a pool of people to watch the interview," according to the release. The raid against the El Paso cartel headquarters was raided late last month. CNN's Erika Ohonen contributed to this report.
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said Monday that the situation over the massive Ebola outbreak in her country "remains grave."|||She said as many as 948,000 infections have been reported in Liberia thus far. "The Ebola virus is a threat to every human being in the world," Johnson Sirleaf said Monday. "Unless the international community is mobilized to help support Liberia, we cannot live without the Liberian people." Her national statement comes one day after world leaders pledged to support Liberia as it works through its massive Ebola crisis. "If the international community helps Liberia, it will be a great success," said Donald Trump, saying his administration will be working closely with Liberia. WHO: True source of Ebola's transmission could be black African. Ebola is a virus transmitted from person to person and can cause severe, highly deadly fever and other symptoms, according to the National Institute of Health. The virus is spread by infected bats and human faeces. Ebola is not airborne. President Obama's plan was unveiled this month. In the first instance, international efforts were focused on stopping the spread of the disease and the importance of ebola-fighting aid. The West African government passed a national emergency resolution last week to combat Ebola in the wake of the deadly spread. CNN's Amit Mehta and Anumaz Kaur from New York contributed to this report. CNN's George Seaman and Fakir Mushiki contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers, or buskers. Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves. But on Monday, 12-year-old Abby Miller was.|||The buskers in Washington were getting in on the action Monday, with students singing to pay tribute to recent bomb threats in their schools. What happened next will impact the entire country for the next few years, said Greg Sweet, the director of the Washington Communications Center. "What's really amazing, beyond my wildest dreams, is what's happening here with this incredibly talented group of children." Sweet said the children are usually the ones working late to try to help ease the strain of a mass subway evacuation. "They help people, and show kindness to people," he said. "They can do that for our nation and show that America cares about people, about community, about every type of help and kindness. "They have reached such a high level that the only thing people think about is, well, if I was in their situation, and I could not help them, they wouldn't care one bit. They wouldn't understand why I didn't stay up late to stay home, but I would. So I decided to stay up all night." On Monday, while trying to find a place for a group of students in school to practice their lines and songs, Sweet noticed that the bus was too full. Now he's helping some of the students keep pace with the crowd by performing a series of acts themselves. Sweet said the students have been phenomenal. "One of the most thoughtful people was in talking to him about what the problem is," Sweet said. "I think he really cares about people, and he wanted to help people out of their pain." People say it's a wonderful thing that kids are taking up acts of kindness. More commonly, they say the buskers don't always work long hours. "They only do this for a long time," Sweet said. "They don't do it long enough for everyone else to get used to it, and that takes a while." Sometimes the buskers are involved in organized efforts to raise money, or to protect the safety of schools. Tom Frisbie, who performs in Boston, told CNN he was never approached by a busker. Other buskers came to his bus station after a bus on an uneventful bus trip was headed in the opposite direction. "People started stopping to ask if people were all right," Frisbie said. "It didn't matter -- these are amazing kids that are willing to keep going and playing." The buskers' activities on the bus, Frisbie said, go "all the way to the car." When buses are stopped by an emergency, school buses must turn around, he said. "There is a bus station right next to where the bus is," Frisbie said, "so it's not just anyone that can use it." Students perform in school, though. Kids on the bus usually make a point of not stopping on a busy street like a busy bus stop, Frisbie said. "People who are excited, who have been working the bus for a while, who have had a home run on the bus, in order to come down and do a nice thing for the bus station, so it's just an amazing thing to do to help people out. "We help all children, and the people who can't afford their bus fares, go to them. They make the bus stop where they need it the most," Frisbie said. The buskers will continue to be there as long as emergency officials want. Local activists, meanwhile, will take every opportunity to stage challenges, the city council said. "We are going to continue to put up a lot of stuff," said John Nardo, a spokesman for the Harris County Sheriff's Office. "But this will work for somebody. And we'll also continue to make sure we get all the help we can." Green activist Tim Sussman, of Independence, Indiana, told CNN that a buskers' campaign to cover military bases should keep buskers posted about possible terrorist attacks. Buskers want to remind the world of what's at stake, Sussman said. "I think with the number of people that are killed every day in shootings and terrorist attacks, we have to step up and make sure that we go to work every day for our peace fighters that protect our country, so that we're not just playing around, we're actually giving money to them and trying to help them." CNN's Bill Rogowski contributed to this report.
