(CNN) -- The authorities who control Kosovo may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces for control of the territory, European authorities allege in a new report.|||By some doctors working for Kosovo government clinics and pharmaceutical companies, some doctors are suspected of selling organs extracted while the National Autonomous University of Kosovo was under the control of the Kosovo Liberation Army during the Kosovo war. The joint U.N.-United States report calls on Serbia and its government to reopen their "inquiries" into "soldier-related crime" committed in the past. Serbian counterinsurgencies detained about 400 Albanian and Kosovo Liberation Army soldiers, returning from operations, between 1996 and 1999, for suspected crimes against humanity. In addition to the alleged theft and trafficking, the report accuses dozens of others, in Albania, Bosnia, Serbia, Greece and Kosovo, of attempting to embezzle from the North Kosovo government. Kosovo's population sits just over 21 percent black. Human rights group Amnesty International said earlier this year that it had found insufficient evidence for the allegations by U.N. Special Rapporteur Joe Sutton that prosecutors encouraged Rep. Ramush Haradinaj, the ethnic Albanian leader who won election to replace President Fuad Shqipani. Haradinaj's record during his eight years in office hasn't exactly been glowing. Shqipani had party affiliations with Ilir Meta, the ousted president, and denied on June 30 that he was sympathetic to his predecessor, Hashim Thaci. Mehmet Maçlero, a prime minister during the war, insisted the reports were inaccurate. "Serbian forces provided significant services and equipment which were performed under the care of our mutual political colleagues," said Haradinaj. In a statement released after the report was released, Haradinaj said the government has "not been able to find any perpetrators of serious and indiscriminate crimes committed under the guidance of the Joint Investigative Mechanism with respect to the political prisoners. There is a high probability that there were other victims of serious and indiscriminate acts which did not receive the same type of attention and criticism that has been received at the time by Serb authorities," he said. Besides false or outdated evidence, the officials also questioned whether the account's authority was based on the facts, the report said. It was unable to provide a good example of a hospital where many organs were taken, as is often the case with former war prisoners. According to the report, officials in the key state cash handling company announced they are reducing payments from $1.5 million to $3.6 million over the next two years. Serbians are accused of seizing almost $5 billion from Kosovo's treasury and national accounts. They also accuse Albanian authorities of using money to maintain their influence among many Albanians and seizing land and building. "Serbs in Kosovo have done nothing to stop the systematic actions of the Albanian authorities to secure power by illegally moving wealth," the report says. "Instead of addressing these challenges, they have implemented policies aimed at consolidating power and implementing criminal legislation. If citizens do not believe this practice is necessary, they should not pay any tax or registration fees or take any other action against the Albanian authorities."
(CNN) -- In compiling a new George Harrison greatest-hits collection, the idea was to focus on the flow, his widow, Olivia, told CNNRadio Monday.|||George Harrison's widow, Olivia Harrison, posted on their official YouTube site Sunday about the genesis of the solo album. When her husband began work on it several years ago, they decided to do something with it. "George inspired me to begin with the love of music and everybody by other artist, and I started planning," she wrote in a note to her fans, who have become devoted to taking part in the project. "This is a road record for her that she created and wrote on for herself, and I wanted to get that one back out into the world for all of us." John Lennon also shared his thoughts about Harrison's project. "What's great about George Harrison," Lennon said, "is you were always motivated to write the best songs that you can," he told CNN in an interview published last year. Harrison's music writing method featured a unique blend of editing and sound effects. "There are so many things that are lucky in music," he said. "If your music's a love song or a song of your heart, every song is beautiful." Harrison's enthusiasm for the project, which was posted on October 4, has earned the overall approval of the band and record label Warner Bros. Records, which released the song "That's Not the Way" in 2007. His latest album, which appears in stores April 14, will follow a pre-release of the original 1991 work, the Voice album, in early April, according to Warner Bros. music director Andy Roberts. His new CD is available now at www.drewryanharrison.com. Singer Axl Rose, guitarist for The Temptations, contributed to the compilation.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 600,000 coffeemakers are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada due to an apparent brewing malfunction that can release a gusher of steaming water and grounds. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, officials said.|||The 2,237,666 alarm lights went off Tuesday morning at Fastenal Centers in Marysville, Virginia, indicating the noisy brewing didn't stop. "We are extremely saddened by the fact that the product malfunction has occurred and we are working with the manufacturer to re-engineer the coffee pods," Terry Grant, Corporate Communications Manager for Automatic Beverage Solutions, said in a statement. The recall has been put on hold pending the results of a repair or recall investigation, he said. Around 43 people have been treated at hospitals in the past year, including one person in Florida who needed 30 staples. Ten others have sustained broken bones. More than 61 injuries, including facial and hand burns, have been reported, the CDC said. None of them required surgery, the agency said. The hazardous materials team is on the ground in Virginia and in Maryland to assess the situation and determine what action to take, the CDC said. To be done safely, experts recommend that the customer supervise the coffee maker, which is available online through Feb. 26, to determine how it should be restarted. The company says the 17 minute interval between the emergency notification and the first service call for the recall has been about 90 minutes. If the coffee pods not are turned on, the coffee maker should immediately restart, according to the company. Ferrell said for safety reasons, the company recommends not handing coffee pots to anyone else. Fox News' Anne-Marie Slaughter contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The rush to be the first kid on the block with the latest iPhone is on.|||Not not down to 400 numbers. At long last, about 200 customers have signed up for the first batch of the new iPad Mini 2. The timing is perfect. Apple published the app Wednesday, a month after it was released, in time for Prime Day and Christmas shopping. It is also the first time the new iPad Mini 2 has been offered for limited time. It costs more to add to a pre-ordered version and you will likely need a hard disk to get it. Or, if you like to pay for it offline and try to send something in, take an email to diphtheria.com, and you might be fined.
(CNN) -- Garth Brooks, one of the biggest country stars of all time, said Thursday he is coming out of retirement after nine years away from the music business, and will start a concert engagement in Las Vegas.|||Brooks said on his official blog that he would perform in Las Vegas the night of Friday, June 10, to mark his "record 27th anniversary. Our entire country will be humbled by the music of Garth Brooks, Usher and others." More than 350 artists have announced their plans for the new tour, and more than 50 Americana artists have expressed interest, including Darius Rucker, Mark Ronson, Lindsey Buckingham, Christian mega-hitters Stevie Wonder, Aerosmith, Willie Nelson, Boz Scaggs and Michael Jackson.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- America faces an economic calamity. Trouble brews in faraway lands.|||Gow. Users were leaving feedback on whether or not they would publish comments on CNN.com. See the comments list below. The transcript may be found at CNN.com/moneyissues. **Mr. Grillo: The uncertainty of 2010 poses major risks for the nation's business and government interests. It's time to confront the challenges. To do that, we must change the conversation away from the $8 to $10 trillion American economy. This all starts with leadership, but also with the US commitment to foreign direct investment, which continues to fuel economic growth in this vital region. The alternative? U.S. isolation: The Federal Reserve could soon again turn to default if not already reduced by the IMF. Equally to blame: an inadequate tax base to finance fiscal expansion (the "debt ceiling"). As is the case with financial institutions, the U.S. central bank must act now to reduce their public debt. This requires moving away from easy money generation -- from debt creation to low interest rates. How to do that in 2010: Recovering from the sudden and painful passage of the Iran hostage crisis, it's too late to sell our country as safe haven for American diplomatic assets. Hope is still not assured: U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner will continue to avoid overt one-upmanship -- and that could doom the U.S. economic recovery. Government experts advocate policies that reduce barriers to raising prices for consumers -- the way President Obama has for several years pushed his tax increases on high-cost imported goods. Government services should be expanded to include more foreign teachers as the millions of students in the United States travel around with their families. The wisdom of her case should impress upon other American educators.  It's also why Princeton State University established a partnership in finance on 10th November 2004 between institutions that previously rejected the idea of tuition-free, no-takes-off public schools and the American Academy of Public Philanthropy. Professor Conrad Mencken is perhaps the most well known among economists in America: He taught, researched and brought his years of global professional knowledge into practice -- in a field where he was happy to mentor those who learn with and against the best of him. Now, as his students strive to follow his example, other schools and universities may become similarly "opportunistic."1. Financial Armageddon: Helping America find its feet. But we can't afford to keep in-turnending. Of the 34 states, 12 -- just 24% -- are party to last week's large-scale protests, demanding $10 or more, money from public sources, and an end to corporate welfare, corporate media and big oil companies. Another 25 states and foreign governments are on the fence about how they will handle the new turmoil in America. Meanwhile, financial markets and regulators worry about the implications of the declining financial reserves of the domestic economy. They respond to news of the crisis by telling executives to stop spending and start cutting their budgets. Corporations are governed by a system of "responsibility to the state and its people," to ensure the poverty levels in a state and market economy are managed as they should be. Trouble begins when the crisis arises and it persists. While most economists -- even those who love the United States -- realize that the public is suffering, a secondary issue that may not affect those very concerned is that small businesses don't generate enough money to sustain themselves. Today is the first year in which two-thirds of all households are living in California with only $1 in gross income. The University of California at Berkeley's job growth rate was a disappointing 1.3%, but it is a milestone increase over the last decade; first in the population since 1979, and one of three major states in the U.S., in 2002. America is not through being independent. It is not in a place to simply consolidate its fiscal position or declare war. Instead, it must innovate in order to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing world. The potential long-term economic woes come from a modern global economy, and we must act as an advanced nation and develop a system that recognizes basic human rights as vital for the survival of both the people and the country. While more Americans are leaving, we have to ensure the world doesn't become one-world country again. Business gets expensive and it takes longer to change than it used to be. Other nations have turned into places to prosper. Following the turbulence in the Middle East, efforts to achieve a better world are necessary to become more innovative and prosperous. Hillary Clinton -- a leader in the world's capital. While the battle for equal rights is still ongoing -- will be an incredibly tough task for America's future and for the next generation of citizens. The analogy of humanity is just as relevant.
Some Pennsylvania residents who live near a Chevron natural gas well that exploded, killing a worker, are getting compensation of sorts from the corporation.|||A general comment. Remember when the well blew up in Frackville, Texas, killing a Chevron employee just two months after the major oil major's near-identical well exploded more than a year ago? Well, one of those people, Elmer Miller, 19, didn't get a ceremonial ticket, but he was still notified Thursday that a half-million dollars was coming. Miller has collected $45,000 of the $450,000, which he may have to pay back if he misses the next payday, while the company agrees to pay $11,000 of the $43,000 he claims he owes. "I have been told that Chevron owes me, quite frankly, nearly a million dollars," Miller said. "So, I was told that these were going to be 'do-you-dig-in' payments and stuff like that. And now, here we are. Very heartened by what we've been informed about. We'll be calling them dollar signs in the future." Miller is, however, pointing out that they don't necessarily indicate the amount he will owe, should he make such payments, and this policy change by Chevron does not necessarily vindicate the company. In addition, the fact that the well exploded an hour after the event on April 3 does not mean that the wrong side of the well was responsible. "You can't assume at the end of this assessment that Chevron had a link to this," Miller said. "There could be a different story." Still, "the explosion is very serious and concerning for us," Miller said. "We'll use it as a testament to the damage that's done to the community. We'll be working through the process with the state and the federal government to make sure that it happens again." Rep. Frank Lucas, a Republican from Abington Heights, Pennsylvania, proposed the legislation Tuesday. It could clear the road for local oil and gas companies that were considering drilling wells in the area, or potentially for outside companies. There have been reports that the well was well-known and commercially operated. Some residents who live near the well reported a leak or a leak because of the smell, rumors and wrongdoings of workers hired by the company. "We've had a number of issues as a result of the well," said Chevron spokeswoman Peggy Sullivan, who oversaw the investigation. "All of us see the need for strong oversight by the state, federal and local officials as we take care of this issue going forward."
Zachary Quinto opened up for the first time about his relationship with "Glee" and "Boss" star Jonathan Groff in Out magazine's October issue. While declining to give specifics, he said, "I'm incredibly happy, I'm incredibly lucky."|||A 59-year-old Quinto recently revealed what might be the "most important moment of my life" when it came to a proposal, but he did not reveal the nature of it. Groff was asked about his relationship in Out magazine's October issue. Asked if he and Quinto met when they were in college, the actor seemed visibly nervous. "I really don't know where to start," he said. "That could be any number of things. Just knowing one that you've chosen to be with." "He has been fantastic with me, he has. We really respect each other as actors, and we love each other and we're pretty supportive of one another," he added.
(CNN) -- Just like some U.S. officials looking into the mystery, the man who captured video of an apparent fireball plunging from the sky over Texas on Sunday is perplexed about what it was.|||The fireball plumed over Southern Louisiana shortly before midnight on Sunday, according to a tweet sent by Fred Boyle's Twitter account, and a neighbor who captured the video said a man saw the fireball from his bedroom window. "This photo just came in from Southern Louisiana today. It's all kinds of dark, almost black," Boyle, 54, said. "People I know are trying to figure out who this is and they can't do a thing," Boyle wrote. "It was dark, and people were screaming." Boyle's followers tweeted he hadn't seen it at all. But at approximately 11 p.m. Sunday, the man on the Facebook page that he was tweeting from before the fireball was believed to be a meteorite -- the first meteorite to be spotted since September 2001 -- after posting his video. He did note fire and smoke were visible in the distance and a small plane zipped by. The man, Foster King Jr., told CNN that no structures in Texas were damaged, and his post was both iffy and lame-lipped. "I'm kind of shocked, because the fireballs all sky are making a noise around here," King said. He said he flew to a nearby temple to search for the meteorite. "I've got nothing like this anywhere in the country," King said. "Because this is a joke. It's a real kangaroo ball." Boyle's post was shared nearly 15,000 times by Facebook, and many comments were critical. Twitter users, however, said they saw the fireball from several directions in their feeds, while others online had the same idea. They tweeted, "Thanks for everyone watching yesterday. If you saw anything like that you'd think it's some crazy @BushLotter of jerk or something." CNN's Colleen Cunningham contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Police arrested a woman discovered in the Georgia home of music producer Dallas Austin, Sandy Springs police say.|||Police say they found Amelia Austin and her third man at a Sandy Springs, Georgia, home. They are among 12 people arrested in connection with the investigation, according to Georgia Law Enforcement Authorities. They said the unidentified suspect was arrested Tuesday night in Sandy Springs, Georgia, for the crime of attempted murder. Police said the victim, whom they identified as Austin's boyfriend, pleaded not guilty.
(CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot's lawyer has quit defending him against murder allegations in Peru, citing unspecified differences over strategy.|||Gathan Kirk, who is charged with murder in the first degree in his client's absence, told CNN he was "disappointed" in the decision by Van der Sloot's lawyers to take a new position. "There was a mistake in trying to present this case. It hasn't been working for us," Kirk told CNN. "The reason is that the witness' instructions ... had not been made clear enough and they needed to say more. We are very disappointed by that decision." Van der Sloot is still trapped in Ecuador's capital, Lima, with no way out or legally attorn to leave. However, the court in Peru has yet to assign him a defense attorney. "I hope that the new lawyers will be those for the accused," Kirk said last week. Van der Sloot's lawyer has been in limbo since the police opened their investigation at the request of the Dutch anti-terrorism police earlier this month. In court papers, Kirk had questioned the impartiality of the investigating officer. As one of the prosecutors, van der Sloot does not testify, but acts as a forensic witness in court. Lee Rigby, a Swedish lawyer, said he met van der Sloot's lawyers in Peru and spoke with them last Tuesday. "Unfortunately, the attorney and I were not in agreement and disagree on the actual issues, so the case was switched," Rigby told CNN. In his statement, Kirk said he believed van der Sloot should receive the best possible trial, which "plans are in accordance with law. "While this case is thoroughly investigated, we require that the facts be proven to the fullest extent possible, beginning with the testimony of the true perpetrator. "We believe the defense team did not receive proper training, training or advice from the investigator," Kirk said. "The trial will open today. The attorneys will cross-examine another 25 witnesses, including members of the investigation team." Kirk is one of Van der Sloot's public defenders, having appeared before the court of cassation in August 2005. His last court appearance was in 2008, in a hearing in front of Judge Fernando Hernandez. On August 17, the judge ordered Van der Sloot be detained until October 27 to allow the prosecution to build a case, according to the South American country's justice and Human Rights Commission. Spanish lawyer Paulo Pinheiro filed a motion for summary judgment. Jason Jones, his attorney, told CNN in Lima last week that Van der Sloot could go free on bail. "We could not take risk if he is absolved of trial. It is the principle of our argument, but we cannot be absolved of trial," Jones said. Soon after, Jan Koeman, Dutch special prosecutor in Van der Sloot's murder case, asked lawyers to continue the defense of the Dutchman. Van der Sloot had been in South America for more than 40 years. Last year, Brazil banned Van der Sloot's return to the country, saying he had murdered Brazilian mother Beatriz Santoro."Joran van der Sloot cannot plead to ... murder as a crime. We are contemplating our next steps for judgment," Van der Sloot said last year.
Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- A law allowing same-sex weddings took effect Thursday in Mexico City, one day after the second same-sex marriage was performed in Argentina.|||Same- government to be used to legalize gay marriages. One of Mexico's first laws allowing same-sex marriage was enacted last week. The law gives the Federal Agencies the legal power to limit marriage and adoption between same-sex couples to heterosexual couples. It's also meant to enhance internal diversity, allowing gays and lesbians to enjoy equal rights and opportunities under civil unions.
(CNN Student News) -- November 22, 2013.|||Massachusetts State Police said Saturday that an investigating officer was killed Sunday when a car he was in collided with a car north of Richmond, Virginia. The report, released by the Massachusetts State Police Office of Public Affairs, focused on an incident at Bishop Connor Catholic High School on October 9. Police fired at least 25,000 rounds in the car crash that left one person dead and seven injured, according to the report. An 11th state college will also be investigating the crash, MSAPS said.In the report, MSAPS gave information on reports it is investigating at the Dorchester Intercollegiate High School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and at other schools in eastern Massachusetts.
JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Palestinian militants fired more rockets into Israel on Friday as a tenuous six-month truce between Hamas and Israel expired.|||Reports: "Ahmed Qube'am (the Leader of Hamas) is trying to stir passions ... amongst Israeli rocket firing victims. Jabhat al-Nusra, a Palestinian group that wants a war with Israel, retaliated and fire numerous rockets on Israel, experts said. One day earlier, officials said they had intercepted nearly 300 rockets fired from Gaza, but it didn't appear that any rockets hit any Israelis. A Reuters witness on the scene said some rocket fire came from a military school, which is now located in the southern part of the Israeli territory, where a deal to end the decade-old fighting between Hamas and Israel has been implemented since October 1. "A small terrorist group on the border fired rockets directly at an Israeli armored vehicle and into a farm," said Adam Cohen, director of the Maariv Meirad medical charity. The border was partially closed, but the rocket launch also injured eight people. "Tensions have been high for a long time," Mr. Cohen said. The hospitals are open in hopes of continuing to operate, he said. The airstrikes have heightened tensions between Hamas and the Israeli authorities, Cohen said. "When these people quit sitting down, we will continue our advance and we will continue to destroy them," he said. "We will not give them the right to avoid confrontation and to demand the right of return to their own land." Meanwhile, Hamas released a video on its Web site that showed the militants launching a group of rockets at Israel. "If we were not as far away, we would no longer be sitting down and pursuing the path of terror," Hamas said in the video, which posted to YouTube. The video showed men digging with knives and shovels into Gaza Strip in April to create a rocket launch site. The rockets struck at the Israeli Defense Forces' southern border, killing one person. "We hope that in a few days, our people will start recognizing us and we will stop our attacks on Israel."We will leave and return home without them," Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh said in a tweet. The two sides have made territorial gains in recent months. In August, a cease-fire was put into effect in Gaza. Hamas has been under heavy international criticism for repeated violations of the interim deal, including the use of cross-border rockets. On Thursday, Israeli forces destroyed the last tunnel dug under the Gaza Strip's separation fence by Hamas militants, injuring 19 people. Israel rejected the Hamas offer of negotiations. Activists also battled Israeli forces, with several shots hitting or killing two soldiers on the Israeli side of the fence. Israeli officials have blamed the fighting on Hamas. The two sides are fighting for control over a strip of land in southern Gaza, which Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government claimed was seized by Hamas last September.
London (CNN) -- A British man accused of orchestrating his wife's murder by hit men while they were honeymooning in South Africa has lost a High Court appeal to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial.|||Zee-jwaeu, was convicted last year of conspiring to murder her in South Africa, but his appearance at the hearing had threatened to postpone his trial. Those elements -- assassins hired by his wife's ex-boyfriend Paul Wright who lives in London -- were out of sight and were awaiting a court verdict on whether Wright could appear in the case or would be charged in the United Kingdom as an adult. Wright, 35, is due to be tried in South Africa on Wednesday. "Paradoxically, we are sure the whole presumption has been overturned," Stacey Dennis, the prosecuting attorney for South Africa, told the court last month. "If Mr Wright is brought to justice, we must consider whether his presence will affect the course of the trial as he would once have stood trial in South Africa." As the court heard, Wright's first deportation proceedings began after the wife of four friends reported her murdered by two men he knows and trusts. The pair accused Wright of blackmailing her by planting messages on her phone, and killing her on her honeymoon, she and her new husband, according to the prosecution. The 29-year-old was dubbed "Baby Hunter," according to a newspaper report.
(CNN) -- A Swedish citizen of Rwandan origin was sentenced to life in prison Thursday by a court in Stockholm after he was tried and convicted for his role in the country's genocide nearly 20 years ago.|||Rwaco gang leader, which killed between 7,000 and 9,000 people, is to be sentenced for genocide in Rwanda. "I am convinced and convinced that we were the first one to carry out the genocide and that we knew very well what we did," A.M. Repard told Swedish broadcaster SVT. He pleaded guilty to the genocide charges in February. Reporters said Rwanda authorities said in a press release earlier this month that Repard was innocent. Remarkably, Repard is accused by the international community of having plotted against the government and committing murder in exchange for food and other supplies. Reporters from the Central African Republic said Repard is considered a terrorist for his association with the Rwanda genocide. Reporter Maria Grachy told SVT he was sad he had to come forward, "but really more sad is the fact that he would be punished." In court documents released, Repard said he was "guilty" of genocide. The court had approved a plea bargain deal in December in which Repard would plead guilty to genocide. But Repard's representative said prosecutors had asked the judge to resentence Repard for genocide. At a pre-trial hearing, Repard told the jury he had taken the decision due to a mistake in judgment. Reported rape victims in the surrounding areas have had to sue the prison where Repard lived. "The court denied this," Repard's lawyer said. Repard's friend, Florian Lundberg, called the verdict "simply tragic." Reporter Karl Ova Michael said Repard was convicted only because Repard "declared against our native state" and refused to leave Rwanda after the genocide. Reporter Marie Ova Michael said Repard "attempted to destabilize the culture." Reported rape victim talks to organization about Danish exile P.T. Condon, CBS spokesman.
(CNN) -- One of the main suspects in the killings of 49 people in northern Mexico received orders from the top leaders of the Zetas cartel, a military official said Monday.|||The officers found six bodies in a motel room on Sunday. Officials say authorities suspect two gunmen may have rented the hotel to kill 49 people. One suspect told police that he was hired to kill the people, according to U.S. military officials. However, Enrique Peña Nieto, the president of Mexico, and other high-ranking officials, have denied that the violent murders were ordered by the cartel leader, Ernesto Zedillo. The cartel is one of the world's most powerful drug cartels, with local residents calling it an extension of the powerful drug cartels operating in Latin America. Peña Nieto is an ally of the defense in that region, which includes San Diego and Guadalajara, with whom he established the FARC military wing in 1996. Peña Nieto is believed to be in close contact with the Zetas cartel and to have met with top Mexican drug traffickers in recent years, according to Mexican authorities. Peña Nieto also traveled to Texas in December to set up a new office there. "I will be delivering more hand-to-hand, to get professional information, and guarantee everything is not compromised and we have independent working relations with the United States military," Peña Nieto said in December. He added that he was not aware of any connection between the Zetas and the murders, which he said are linked to the Houston market. More than 200,000 people have been killed in Mexican drug cartel-related violence in the last 10 years. The cartel is popular among young and middle-class Mexicans. It exploits growing Latino populations and is funded with large drug profits, including a number of large caches of cocaine in Mexico. Mexican gun and marijuana shipments have skyrocketed over the past decade, and cartel leader Vicente Fox said in March that legalization would help him fight violence. ISIS says it wants to end the violence that has killed nearly 40,000 people around the world.
(CNN) -- Philadelphia police arrested Carlos Figueroa-Fagot after he turned himself in to authorities who believe he is the man who tried to snatch a 10-year-old girl in Philadelphia, authorities said Thursday.|||Figio Reyes-Fagot was not charged with any crime and had no property believed linked to the crime. He was acting on the "endangerment of the children" theory after the girl he approached to make a drop in at a mall on June 2 was spotted by two shoplifters, Philadelphia police said. State police were helping the district attorney's office lead a search for Figueroa-Fagot, 36, of Philadelphia. Investigators believe they will be able to charge Figueroa-Fagot in the case, according to Metro police spokesman Detective Terry Gola. They haven't solved what they say was a crime of distraction. Figueroa-Fagot provided additional details to authorities about the allegations. The girl he tried to kidnap told police she saw a man holding a gun and followed him into a drugstore, Gola said. She was then abducted from a plaza, he said. At the scene, others saw an older man who had the gun in his hand. "There are about 100 or 150 onlookers (in the mall), they all wave and scream as the man takes the girl," Gola said. Figueroa-Fagot threw his backpack onto a curb and broke into the store, Gola said. Ranchers say Figueroa-Fagot took the girl to a friend's family home, where she said the woman lured her to tell her about the man. The girl told friends she was there to drop off bottles of water, he said. "I thought I was in the movie," she said, "but my mom was looking at her and she stopped me, she said, 'don't touch me, don't touch me.'" No children were in the store at the time, the police department said. Gross is a family friend, family spokesman Brendan Mani said. Guillermo Torres Torres, a spokesman for the Spanish Consulate in Philadelphia, said that Figueroa-Fagot is a professional middle-aged man and doesn't have children of his own. Torres told CNN there are no plans to make any changes to the outstanding warrants of Figueroa-Fagot, Four years after a similar police report surfaced that he tried to abduct a woman at gunpoint from another store. Torres said he didn't do it on purpose.
Washington (CNN) -- After spending more than a month in a Houston hospital, former President George H.W. Bush might get to leave this week.|||The Penguin Gatesways is closed until further notice in order to avoid barriers by prison officials, the presidents' officials said. They declined to disclose the cause of death at the request of former President George H.W. Bush, explaining the decision is an "entirely personal one" rather than a "combination of personal and professional actions," the two sides said at a news conference on Monday. The former presidents have been visiting President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama, with the intention of visiting "something important" on his behalf, their aides said in December, the White House confirmed. A spokesman for Bush said he would not go on Monday, but that the Bushes have had extensive communications with the visitors. "It's not my intention to make a political or political statement today," Bush's spokesman Freddy Ford said in a statement. "They recognize the great burden that this task -- its the responsibility of the entire family -- places on the shoulders of our presidents." Per the White House's website, which stated that Bush is not expected to receive medical treatment again, White House spokesman Jay Carney also said "the Bush family has nothing to worry about." The Bush family was almost certainly told to cancel the visit before the effects of a recent pneumonia outbreak, according to staff at Houston's Allen Houston Baptist Medical Center. The president was hospitalized at a fair price while the family members did not. Since Monday, Bush has refused medical treatment, dropping to his feet from several feet in front of the door with nurse Lisa Haley by his side, tossing crisp white powder into his face and urging him to smile. The first woman president, her bald head almost entirely covered by gray hair, underwent surgery, and underwent 70 hours of daily bed rest, according to aides to the former president. If there is no further complication from his pneumonia, including a short-term lung infection, he is expected to continue on the road without anesthesia. An independent evaluation of Bush's condition has been completed. H.W. Bush passed a pathologist's exam on Friday morning. At least some of his labs and tests had come back normal. His condition is expected to improve further throughout the week. The former president's staff at his office appealed his condition to the Houston Baptist Medical Center to keep him comfortable. The ethics committee of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas approved a limit of 72 hours on the length of a hospital stay for Bush, the statement said. He will stay in the hospital at least a night before being admitted to a medical facility at least until at least Sunday. CNN's Traci Blocked from Twitter: @TraciDBellHer ABC's Scott Garrett and Greg Miller contributed to this report.
North and South Korea have agreed to reopen their joint industrial park on a trial basis next week, nearly five months after it was shut down, according to a press release from the South's Unification Ministry.|||North Korea and the United States agreed earlier this month to resume their joint business ventures in a Chinese-developed industrial park that had been shut down in December. The opening of the New York-based Samsung Industrial Park, which is regarded by many as the world's first joint venture of sorts, has been scheduled for April 4 by the two nations, who are part of the PyeongChang Olympic Committee, according to the South Korean Unification Ministry. The South also vowed not to cut the existing framework of a long-standing economic cooperation called the Joint Declaration, written by the two Koreas and signed by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in December 2010. Samsung, for its part, has already laid a base at the facility, including iron and steel manufacturing, and has already attracted foreign investors. It took about four weeks after the reopening of the Korea Industrial Park for the goods export department to find and produce raw materials, either at plants in China or abroad. Tuesday's Joint Development and Investment Agreement included a reopening of the "temporary joint industrial park" in the Chinese mainland and eliminating North Korea's demand for "de-nuclearization." The mission, which included representatives of some North Korean companies, has been working on "stabilizing the climate in the hostile zone," the North's state-run KIA news agency reported.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Despite crushing defeats in the last two elections, Senate Republicans have new "energy and enthusiasm" for winning back the majority, according to their leader, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.|||Remember when McConnell assembled his campaign for President, he said that they would begin driving through the Alabama and Georgia congressional districts in early January in an effort to control the Senate. "People have a willingness to see that we can control what we do and we know that we can do it on the Senate floor and we have the enthusiasm to go back into Washington and do it with conviction," McConnell said. "We feel that we can do this." He cited plans for tax reform and a plan to increase spending to boost infrastructure spending, both Republicans' priorities for the midterm elections. He didn't offer specifics about those plans. "We are considering some potential strategy but that's at the end of the day what the president wants, that's at the end of the day what the voters want," he said. McConnell's remarks were made in an interview with The Washington Post's Maggie Haberman and were not made public until the end of that editorial editorial. McConnell said he was pushing for reforms, including a ban on abortion. "I think that's what we need to talk about as the Senate is controlled by the people," McConnell said. "This country, at the end of the day, has a right to make all the decisions we want to make about how we spend the money on it. "We have no desire to spend money on overreach because of the controversies. "We have the difference between having a controversy and spending money on it because it doesn't produce the results the way the media portrays the stories," he said. And McConnell also said that Republicans feel they can put the House back together and get back into power, but that his party faces challenges in the Senate. McConnell said it has taken a concerted effort from his team to shift members' thinking on some issues: "If Republicans make the same mistakes that the Democrats did, the Senate will come back together and stop them." Republican senators aren't just counting on defeating Obama. Doing that, however, will take a party that has held the majority for less than a decade to do so again. And that will be the Republicans for a long time. "This is a big test for us. But if we win this election with new energy and new energy, I think there is a very good chance we can see the long-term benefit of keeping the Senate united and keeping Congress unified," McConnell said. "We have new energy and enthusiasm." He said he had the energy and enthusiasm he was looking for. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is touring Washington. Ed Royce (R-AL) and Mitch McConnell (R-KY) wait to see where the political winds are blowing for the GOP. They have to start winning a majority again in Senate Republicans again. As millions of Americans vote for their votes in a midterm election this year, a sense of urgency and determination about winning back the majority is pervasive. The number of candidates running has increased in many states across the country, including some who said the Republican party seemed less energized in the Senate than when they arrived there. A key group joining the fight for their own lives.
(CNN) -- Mississippi has kept its U.S. heavyweight title for a fifth straight year, among both adults and children.|||Jack in Alabama. His news conference came just 11 weeks after he won the world heavyweight title, a record sixth time, from Mikhail Gorbachev. The doctor at Alton Medical Center said it's likely that Tyson has kept his title by holding off big-money buys from Russia. The knockout and suplex test was done for free in his native land of Alabama, which has a population of only about 250,000. Although the state has been an anti-Islamic republic since 1960, it has been regularly lumped into a group of predominately Muslim nations. Now, environmentalists and skeptics have joined Gov. Haley Barbour in trying to counter the U.S. government's attempts to disallow Muslims from entering government-controlled countries. The fight over "agreements, or exemptions, by non-Muslims and illegal immigrants who enter or have entered for any reason," is a decision to be made on discrimination. "The issue is whether these statements create conditions to discriminate, on our communities or even within our borders," the New York Times wrote in an editorial Tuesday. It said the current stance has hindered minorities and minorities' chances of voting. Lee took the tournament's most recent win in November after crushing the late Scotana Davison, who outscored Barbour by 48½-28% in New York's Madison Square Garden. Each month the winner receives an award, and that's what the next woman could receive as well. Authorities said in a statement that two more women will be chosen Saturday, with a final decision expected Sunday. Britain retains its heavyweight crown and Donald Young continues his pursuit of "the one fight that is going to decide the world," the British press office said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal prosecutors Tuesday urged a Florida judge to sentence actor Wesley Snipes to three years in prison and fine him $5 million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties.|||Snipes (Photo: Associated Press)MORE COVERAGEU.S. U.S. Department of Justice officials argue that English television star Wesley Snipes should receive prison time for failure to pay U.S. income taxes on his more than $24 million in overseas income and capital gains. "The reduced sentence was long overdue," Assistant U.S. Attorney John W. Kreig wrote in an e-mail Monday. "Such evasion is an unreasonable, severe, and tyrannical act of evasion. Wesley Snipes should have understood that his failure to pay tax, as well as the loss he caused the victims of the un-justified enforcement action, will cause severe penalties. In exchange, he paid no taxes for 2006, which then went unpicked and cost the federal government hundreds of millions of dollars, making it virtually impossible for the IRS to go after Snipes." The United States attorney for the Central District of Florida, Morris T. Arnone, wrote that the defendant showed "in the wake of his frauds the importance of a strong deterrent sentence against the evasion of state income taxes and large-scale fraud. "The four-year conspiracy is defensible," the prosecution wrote. "It clearly demonstrates an unreasonable and unnecessary failure of the IRS to enforce civil penalties for willful or willful, intentional, and avoidable violations of income tax laws." Prosecutors argue the presumptive sentencing should be five years in prison. Van Cleave said Snipes' holiday plans have been furloughed while he serves out the remainder of his sentence. "For the purposes of presenting this prosecution we believe that it is more appropriate to charge" Snipes with a probation violation than a year in prison, he said. "In addition, the sentence the U.S. Attorney's Office seeks is appropriate in light of the significant return of more than $27 million in early-retirement funds and millions of dollars in taxes that are thus remained unpaid for the past year." A Florida magistrate ordered Snipes to report to prison early Thursday. In addition to the prison sentence, the government wants the actor to pay back more than $14 million in tax that Snipes did owe and therefore take full responsibility for his actions. The court will hear arguments from the defense and the prosecution later this week. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida prosecuted Snipes in connection with the housing speculation and break-and-enter cases that ran wild from January 2005 to June 2006. From July 8 to September 2006, Snipes failed three separate tax and credit reporting and license bureau examinations. Prosecutors told the U.S. District Court in Miami that Snipes has spent more than a year avoiding arrest while avoiding federal criminal liability, and that he should be "hoped it will be true for Snipes, the taxpayer, and his employer." Twenty eight million Americans have unpaid income tax in the last five years, according to the U.S. Government Accountability Office. IRS officials have argued that "no private individual should pay more than $130 in tax due to evasion attempts made by individuals throughout the years." Undersheriff Alan Dedman of the Southern District of Florida said he understands the dangers of withholding income taxes.
(EW.com) -- Seth Rogen was recently quoted in an Entertainment Weekly magazine article as saying that there have been only one and a half good movies ever made about frat life: "Animal House" and the first half of "Old School."|||He just need tell the world that Seth Rogen's confident there aren't really any movies like "Animal House" any more. Haim Saban's "Parks and Recreation" is now in theaters. Jim Rohn's remake of "Will & Grace" is already showing audiences what hasn't been seen before."Charlie's Angels," which has sparked fandom in both the United States and beyond, has wowed critics. "This is pretty terrible," says Entertainment Weekly critic Kevin Smith. The sequel, "Arrow," opens this weekend. Rogen and his own brother Seth are working on the screenplay for another film. "Something Awful" has already been in development. But the elder Rogen gave a little update on his future work by declaring it will include a "sex comedy drama." Will it be "sprite, scary, black comedy that's a love triangle?" Rogen is a master of comedy. Let's see how he does it in the bio. Other recent choices include: "All Saints" (the comedy's 2012 sequel) and "The Meyerowitz Stories." Yep, where's the "Something Awful" one about an awkward interracial romance? Yeah, "The Meyerowitz Stories," the film's third stand-alone movie. "Happy Endings" has more zombies in it than zombies. The updated script sounds great. Netflix, which owns both video games and other assets of S&M Films, showed the lead actors in "Old School" and made full use of the characters from "Animal House" as models for the new film. "Arrow" features a sharper dialogue and utilizes a limited number of characters -- not typical for a comedy. "Oliver!" star John Cusack hilariously mistakes Adam Driver for himself. "You're not your usual Adam Driver, you're my old Lassie," Rogen retorts. Oh, there's the cute guy, too. Here's a GIF of Zach Galifianakis from "Losing My Religion." The new movie stars Will and Grace from "Lolita." "We're really excited to make this movie and have fun," Sam Worthington, a writer for "Young Adult," says in an interview with EW.com. "We're excited about the format and we have the whole cast in this thing." Seth and Cameron Diaz, who play parents and siblings, are the stars of "Gremlins," which is set to release next year. The new comedy "The Boss Baby" opens next week. Hopefully, Rogen can use some of the excitement from the name. "The Boss Baby" is currently nominated for best comedy and best live action film (but hasn't yet won a best picture award for the title yet). It's poised to be remembered as the movie that changed the game of acting by introducing a new generation of actors, especially considering they are the first baby-faced actors. The movie -- according to EW -- is set to premiere February 25th on Fandango.com. The site's review of the film includes this: Rogen said he heard from staffers in the casting and cast room before the project was set to begin, and they were thrilled to be working with stars like Samuel L. Jackson, Simon Kinberg and Ian McKellen. "It is a wonderful and light-hearted movie, and I couldn't be more excited to be a part of it. I hope everyone has a blast." With Rogen, "Old School" is based on Brad Pitt's book and has received rave reviews from critics. The lengthy script, based on a collection of essays from 20 associate theater critics, was written for Nicholls Institute.
Thai anti-government demonstrators massed Wednesday outside the Prime Minister's makeshift office, a day after clashes with police in the streets of Bangkok killed five people.|||Thaigovernment is accusing its security services of killing six people when they fired teargas into pro-democracy protesters and looted homes and offices on the outskirts of Bangkok. The four civilian deaths came amid protests in the country's second largest city, Bangkok, against a rule led by Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, a former military ruler and former firebrand. The protesters have been called the Thai Dream, an acronym of anti-government slogans that the interim government has promised to satisfy. They accuse government of ignoring clear orders to remove Prime Minister Prayuth's convoy of tanks, who they accuse of looting shops in protest, demolishing telephone, power and television stations. But there have been no reports of clashes with the troops, although the interior ministry said it would deploy troops "based on an abundance of necessary resources, even today," the official People's Daily newspaper reported. The Bangkok-based Nation newspaper said demonstrations have consumed many of the city's subways, universities and train stations since Tuesday, and vandalism accounts for 10 of the deaths. The U.N. has urged Thailand's parliament to strip Prayuth of his control over his government and National Police Agency, which is known as the National Anti-Corruption Commission. If he is forced to step down, the opposition wants Thailand's parliament or prime minister to take power. Protesters rallied in the general area of Bangkok's Central Palace. Protesters -- usually pro-government -- have barricaded the surrounding streets since Tuesday, according to the newspaper.  Activist and opposition leader Suthep Thaugsuban said Wednesday morning on his Facebook page that he would defend Friday's attack and urged others to do the same. Suthep's face was bloodied and remains covered in black gloves as well as bandages covering his chest. The photo, which was obtained by PNN from social media site My Phuket, shows his left hand, the middle finger pointing up toward his face. He was to be flanked by a police officer. The head of the National Anti-Corruption Commission said on Twitter:  "It is absolutely impossible to suppress protests peacefully as long as both sides are active." Thailand's so-called Blue Shirts or freedom fighters are considered the most extreme of the social movement to assemble. On Wednesday, they waved flags of Thai, French and European Union countries, in defiance of Thailand's authorities. Thailand's election results show that a string of conservative candidates secured a landslide victory. The vote marked the first in three elections for populist parties -- with a majority in all Southeast Asian countries -- not to be challenged in the next election. But there are also worries about long-term stability. Opposition leader Suthep also said he planned to call for a national referendum on his government, which he called an "Orange Revolution." Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha in a news conference said Wednesday that he had received orders from the Interior Ministry to call the elections. A Thai military spokesman said government forces would not allow a special meeting on the election. They would not allow secret meetings, either. In the statement, the Interior Ministry called for "the calm period before holding elections on national and state land, the consent of the nation's civilians." After the elections and on the streets, "if the Thai people are not happy with the new government, the King's dialogue will be halted," it said. Thursday's shootings were the first since December, when protesters opened fire on them, according to the United States. Thai media accused police of killing six people with rubber bullets and tear gas in the capital, Bangkok. It was the Thai military's deadliest day since U.S. troops were sent into Thailand in 1979 after American hostages were kidnapped. Human rights groups said the attacks are now the deadliest in the southern part of Thailand. Thailand is usually a nation caught between a civil war between ethnic rivalries and rulers during its bloody battles for power, which threaten to crack the country.
(CNN)  -- Water pressure is restored and it is now safe to drink in a Baltimore suburb where a huge water main burst, sending torrents of muddy water coursing over neighborhood streets and down highway ramps, officials said.|||Theage occurred around 3:30 a.m. Tuesday, when about 8,000 p.m. Central Standard Plumbing Company broke the main pipe at a site about 2 miles northeast of downtown. The pipe was so big it washed out about 2,000 feet, police said, photos show. "There was a major traffic impact and a lot of trees were felled across a lot of roads, so we had to move cars to a faster backup route to avoid having to try and go around houses that were flooded," Baltimore County spokesman Bruce Coburn said. Two motorists were killed. Twelve other motorists were hurt, Coburn said. Police have said the main broke in a residential neighborhood where residents operate a small coffee shop, bar and grill. They were moved into a high school that wasn't flooded. "Right now, we don't have any worries," Roben told CNN affiliate WJZ. "There is no one more important than the people." The road I-95 interchange was closed and all major ramps on I-95 were closed.  It is closed near Midwood and Woodstock. That is about 100 miles south of downtown Baltimore. Seven other streets were affected. Scattered injuries were reported. 10 people were injured in the incident, although none were seriously. CNN's Jeremy Adelson contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Political consensus was hard to find at last month's Rio +20 Earth Summit but there was at least one group speaking with unity on the planet's environmental and economic future.|||It doesn't mean Brussels had at least some kind of agreement on their view in advance, although Wajdi, in her speech, said the parties "never try not to talk about 'the city'," but a meeting of 40 group leaders in London was like a "The Wonder Years,' she said. "I hope what I do will change so we come out with some stance, understand this. It doesn't mean that I am anybody.' Wajdi had previously lobbied in favor of the inclusion of World Bank members in an ambitious group that intends to "clean up global cities" by 2030. Others brought forward a new list of a wide range of targets that sought to set a new vision of where the world's cities will go, including expanding cities from farmland to rail lines, ports and parking lots, Wajdi said. The push for a "new world" was part of a January agreement made by 40 countries -- half from the Americas, half from Africa, and 40 from Asia -- that aims to create "six new worlds." Beijing said it was committed to "changing global economic structures." Instead of blaming the rest of the world or blame responsibility on the others, it will work harder to win its way out of the new world order. The businesses from the 20 countries working on this coalition called for a new Tokyo-style global compact, or Climate Action Agenda. They want the agreement to "work towards a single common core ideal," and they called for cities to link the two by 2025 to improve transport and feed more people. The proposed climate leadership targets call for carbon reductions of 5 percent by 2030, and for big businesses and the cities of Shanghai and Beijing to limit migration and carbon emissions to 2% by 2020. When asked to provide examples of countries with where they are moving, an environmentalist in the group referred to them as "backers." "That is a different word," he said. "The opportunities we see the implementation of climate action have not been concluded." Spain complained that the climate change pact was working to hurt development rather than protecting the environment, but Madrid officials argued that the agreement would increase the benefits and earnings of the local economy. Supporters of the Rio Climate Conference countered that the climate change agreement was not applied to cities. But Parisian schools have distributed stations throughout Rio -- safe to study during the day and at night. One of the several pop culture events that inspired marchers was the band Choir of the Dead. In Manchester, the guitarist along with three friends wore T-shirts with the band's stage name: "Look, I'm Dictating!" The band tapped into the excitement of Rio as they marched around the Grand Plaza, singing hymns to the meeting's theme, "The City is Alive."
(CNN) -- A missing 12-year-old girl has been found safe after authorities discovered the bodies of the couple she lived with, Arkansas police said.|||Barnings were stopped. The bodies were found in the basement of an apartment the couple shared with their children Wednesday in Tipton, Arkansas, Assistant Sheriff Jeff Young said. The two were pronounced dead by the Tipton County coroner's office about 4 p.m. The children were under the control of the mother. "Our hearts go out to the family, her partner, and her child," Young said. Not a child went missing in all the years that Dahlia Marie Scott lived with her father, Dwayne Scott, in Tipton. In the eight weeks since they moved to Tipton, they brought up two other children. Dahlia never said why she and Alan Scott left Tipton, but was known to be intensely independent. At one point, her father told police that he'd loved her for at least a year, the Tipton County coroner's office said. The family was last seen Friday, David Scott told CNN affiliate WAGA-TV. "They left one son and two daughters at the home," Scott said. While that description appeared reasonable, authorities said the bodies of the two children and the second child had not been discovered until Thursday evening. Police believe the discovery marks the end of the Dahlia West personhunt, U.S. first lady Laura Bush said Tuesday. The dead girl's parents allegedly abducted the girl from her home early on May 1. About 5 hours later, the girl ran off with her brother, who was described as "a wonderful son and a great brother." Her older brother, David Frank, was located and found unharmed, she said. He told WTVA-TV her mother had left for England without telling him where she was going. Police later said the children have been taken in for questioning. Tipton is nine-years-old and three-and-a-half inches tall. She is the youngest living child at her home. Forensics, investigations, and toxicology testing continue, Young said. Wright said it's unclear why the couple left the apartment. Despite recent efforts by authorities, Dahlia's home was not properly sealed.
Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria have been killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram Islamists, according to officials and residents.|||Attackers to be hunted and killed by the Boko Haram terror group, according to security officials from the federal area of Borno and the Borno State government.The attackers targeted two homes and seven armed civilian vehicles, the Borno state government said. They opened fire on unarmed civilians, civilians living in one of the homes and an armed civilian driving his car into another house in Baga, Borno State. The local residents tried to escape but were killed. The government in northern Borno blamed the kidnappers, who it called Fulani herdsmen, for using the victims as human shields. Many the attacks in the northern Borno province are claimed by the terrorists. The Boko Haram group kidnapped more than 20 people, mostly students, and dozens of them were killed in the Yobe attacks in early April. The government blamed the attacks on insurgent training camps. Leaders of Boko Haram have said that they are ready to "fight back" if attacked. The commission is carrying out patrols to "scour the area." According to analysts, the attacks could have been the work of the Islamic extremist group's affiliated fighters.
He's played singers, sailors and serial killers, but there's one role that die-hard fans of Jeff Bridges can't get enough of: The stoner.|||Directrer Jeff Bridges gets laid as part of Team USA military, fighting Nazis and drinking and dealing drugs in the war-torn sands of a desert where they commandeer your fellow Americans. But if that sounds farfetched, maybe it is. Bridges, who turns 40 on January 21, is set to make his acting debut in "The Killer," set for a coming March 2 premiere, in addition to playing a free spirit in the war-torn Middle East, "Lone Survivor" and dozens of other roles in the role. Bridges has endured a turbulent career that has "forced him to rebuild and evolve as a performer in the international filmmaking sphere in ways I never could have," according to his bio on IMDb. There have been a lot of changes for Bridges, who is best known for being an actor in television and cartoons as well as real-life work. He has gotten involved with New Mexico Fish Company as a director, going on to work on the hit podcast "Slam," and recently starred in the TV show "The Reeves Brothers" as well as directing a new movie called "A Kiss Before Dying," which stars Steve Buscemi. Recently Bridges opened up about his wife Tracy Morgan and said he's had a tough time accepting criticism since his wife's sudden death. Bridges seemed casual about making a character like Morgan, "very carefree, exuberant and goofy," he told the Los Angeles Times last year. "The truth is, all men have some aspect of masculinity that they aren't ready to change," Bridges told the paper in 2011. "My friend Ben [Robinson] told me, 'We all have to grow up because if we don't grow up, we're doomed.'" Here's a closer look at Bridges' Woody Allen movie, "Captain Fantastic." Get the story. 3. "Stoner" is realIt's a familiar role for Bridges, who has played actors in football and movies who use marijuana, such as their own hero Mark Schultz. Bridges played a homeless man who indulges in strong marijuana habit when he's onstage. The role has become synonymous with the stoner, at least in Hollywood circles. According to IMDb, Bridges has also played a voyeur who talks about smoking marijuana while posing for photos. He claims to have done the role on more than one occasion. Bridges, in his bio for IMDb, says he started out with five marijuana friends, and he had two of those on his first day of work. "By the time I had my second pot smoke, and there was plenty to do, it started to look like I was hallucinating," he said. While in adult life, Bridges played many characters in "Captain Fantastic" including drug crazed guards and domestic terrorists. One of those roles was Sheriff Nathan Rucker. While in high school, Bridges portrayed a sock puppet wearing a baseball cap and shotgun and wielding a short gun. The fun didn't last long and Bridges began to develop a reputation for being a romantic. Besides Jack Nicholson and Rob Lowe, Bridges has also played a couple of weirdoes with no dialogue. He plays a lot of dumb characters, such as a Blind Girlfriend and a mysterious man without much speech. "A lot of actors have gravitated towards clichés," Bridges said. "Some people roll into a character and say, 'I'm sorry. I'm sorry,'" he added. "I'm a shameless junkie of weed that I'm not really comfortable with." Everyone's opinions about Bridges have varied from hard-core Brownies and Roadrunner, to guys who get into James Franco, Charlie Sheen, and Darren Criss, to guys who will brush up on reality TV and think that all that smoke and weed gets you nowhere. Bridges has a sense of humor that anyone else can relate to, especially on a personal level, but he's a genuine guy who loves to talk about his life on social media. It's time he explore a bit of himself in a country populated by Australian and American royalty, people who love to rock, rock and roll, people who like to have fun, and people who like to climb, believe, eat and kick up a sweat. If you haven't heard of "No Country for Old Men," here's the note from Bridges' IMDb bio:
(CNN) -- At least 40 people were killed and more than 100 hurt Friday in clashes between tens of thousands of anti-government protesters and security forces outside Sanaa University in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, medical officials on the scene said.|||The house in Sanaa contained many scenes of violence, including clashes in some areas along streets set on fire and a governor ordered students and their family members killed. Press television footage showed protesters chanting against the U.N. draft resolution and throwing an object at security forces, and several vehicles in flames and at least one policeman trying to clear the area. Other deaths were reported Friday in demonstrations outside the international medical center in the Yemeni capital and University of Sanaa. CNN's Khaled Boutros and Mohammed Al-Houthi contributed to this report.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The A&E network quickly backed away from an earlier assurance that Michael Jackson's three children "are not part of" a reality show it is taping with four of the pop star's brothers.|||A show that is set to air this fall will, at the very least, have been judged whether the estate can handle the massive demand, Justice Department officials confirm. Jack J.K. Jackson, the son of the late entertainer, has publicly rebuked A&E Television Group saying that the show would be "insensitive to a single family family." But the network said it would produce the series as intended and not "taint" the reports. A&E cast the Jackson siblings in the pilot, co-hosting a discussion with J.C. Hammond who is a veteran of reality shows. "Jackie J. and Michael Jr. are brothers, they're in the business," A&E's spokeswoman Julie Brown said. "That's our scoop." J.C. came out on his own in the interview Wednesday morning, telling People magazine that "they would not be taped on their own." CNN's Jonathan Karl and Richard Cusick contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Kyle Green, a University of Minnesota instructor, feels awful that he asked his sociology class to watch all three presidential debates. He should have checked the calendar first.|||Green, a Minnesota secondary school professor, argued in the school newspaper the other day that only the anchor or moderator of each debate was allowed at every talk to monitor the proceedings. He was on the second and third presidential debate, and it showed in his classroom window, he told The New York Times. "(There was) no time for me to get any work done." He apologized, acknowledging the newspaper article at the bottom of the page. "I should have checked the calendar. I probably wouldn't have gotten to any of the events," Green wrote in his school newspaper. He added, "It wasn't out of character to include a debate, particularly in the context of a class discussion -- it's part of my job description." "It was a first for our country and part of the philosophy behind our campus," Green said. He also said he had planned to introduce some recent students to the presidential candidates. "I watched 'Breaking Bad' with my class -- so I knew what I wanted, I knew who the candidate I was talking to -- so I figured I should do it in a similar way," Green wrote. "Every student should have access to the first debate." Green said he has "absolutely no reason" to be offended or sorry to a "co-ed," who "is wonderful." He said, "I don't know if I can change the fact of my response." His reaction is to "send it back to them that if you can't come to any meetings, you should just go home right now," he said. The incident received widespread media attention and upset online reactions. "Just like with James Brown's "Public Enemy," this is another war of words between his former students and the class. Their abhorrence is mutual," wrote the New York Daily News. "As a former teacher, they feel a deep sense of insensitivity to basic questions about our country's institution." Green later apologized. While he said he was "disappointed" with that piece of writing, he said it wasn't mean-spirited. "I am sure that wasn't the intention of my writing," he said, "but it seemed to be the inevitable because my emotions were so tied up in it." Green said, "I'm so sorry for what I did."
(CNN) -- Penn State University revealed a record number of forcible sex offense reports for the 2012 calendar year, more than half of which it said had occurred years earlier, some as far back as the 1970s.|||The Pennsylvania State University has stepped up its efforts to increase victims' access to emergency medical care, repair damaged infrastructure, and other services, through step-ups in training, procedures and training, announced officials said Wednesday. A massive audit released earlier this month found that 964 victims were served improper care and medical examinations or treatment. Now, 72 cases are on probation or suspended status after their reporting and resolution. While four patients have successfully completed their recommended treatment, the university has said it is investigating the nearly 900 cases for possible sex assaults. One patient who is receiving therapy learned of his alleged sex assault by the university employee who had been severely beaten while in a coma, police said. The woman said she only had symptoms related to the abuse for a year and the trauma has not recurred. Some complain that the high rate of rape and sexual abuse reported to school officials did not start until the victim was 18, while others began after age 18, police said. The report from criminal attorney Nancy Hoffman said the school was committed to preserving evidence and taking action, "rather than ignoring it." Hershey Police Chief Bill Spokesman John Feinstein said his department had 10 reports in June that stemmed from sexual abuse of minors, and four that were hospitalized or reported to child protective services. More than 4,000 other victims came forward through emails last year to urge Penn State to act after the long delay in removing a U.S. senator who was accused of sexually assaulting a young woman. The review, released to the public by Penn State on Wednesday, represents the first comprehensive report into a reported sex assault on campus, and was prompted in part by some of the news stories at the university. The university said the high percentage of unreported attacks increases after several reports come in to investigators. It used unnamed federal investigators in several cases that lead to civil penalties, and it apologized for failing to receive accurate reporting from the complainants. But the university admitted there is more to go, and will take the long, hard road to make improvements. "We need to make sure we work as a team to solve these problems with the appropriate level of detail," Fire Chief Patricia Hardesty said. Penn State officials have been trying to figure out how to ensure all victims receive help and an appropriate amount of support to handle any future abuse, as well as provide evidence of when sex assaults occurred. But reports from the Penn State College Health Care System, which is a big player in the school's health-care program, show there are gaps. Read more on Penn State. In their press release, the university warned that the reported cases could open a new era of investigations into the sex abuse of young students. The revelation comes as dozens more Penn State students emerge as advocates for victims in their ongoing battle against sexual assault. A 2014 investigation by CNN's Mike DeBonis began asking Penn State how it could keep coming up with such horrific statistics. "When you're releasing public information, like we did, it doesn't mean it's the entire story," Dick Brady, president of Penn State, said Tuesday. "The person with the most significant shortcomings is still asking for forgiveness," DeBonis told CNN. "It doesn't mean they will win the moral high ground and pass all of the tests." Penn State said it will do everything it can to find the rapists before New Year's Day. When it would be harder to find victims, the university contacted more than 30 law enforcement agencies. CNN's Lyell Brindles and Scott Craig contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- Coal slag heaps up to 450-feet high may not seem the obvious candidates to join a list that includes the pyramids of Egypt, the Great Wall of China, and Yellowstone National Park.|||St Ahmed Al-Shaani, the country's biodiversity czar, said in a statement Monday that 800 sites exist that preserve sites of great importance. Although there are some unusual sites to choose from, the fact that fewer than 10 people have visited 60 sites means they'll have to be relocated. Al-Shaani, who has lived in Suddah and the surrounding region since 1994, said the institution is cooperating with co-authors on the appeals process, and calls for help to locate sites of special interest. "We will put them all on a list if we are lucky enough," he said. As part of the "ongoing global championing of biodiversity and natural treasures programs," he said the agency will also look to identify and register sites that stand a chance to be raised to historic status by allowing the renaming of areas. Morocco plans to raise in the 2020s to "Atlas," reflecting an increased use of built-up materials over the past few decades. The ash pit is located near Asthma city, where the community of Kiel handles coal mining, smelting and mining. It started when the Dutch east African nation raised about 1,500 tons of slag from a coal mine that was slated to be decommissioned, then after drilling and upgrading it, sent the process to Europe's West and West Ministries. U.S. state and Australian officials hope to see the kilos relocated. "At the moment, sites looking near the end of their life are usually further afield," Al-Shaani said. "But it would be amazing if they're going to still be there in 20 years. We could see it just now." Deep minerals from coal like lead, neat iron, and mercury from Magdalena pore melt lie buried beneath the ash pit. In areas where the slag is covered in snow, similar slag sits at the edge of fields, never seen and far from any developing market. These findings may discourage companies that receive coal from their communities from joining the process. But the consequences could be profound. U.S. and European coal companies will have to accelerate production on their major mines as African countries have done in the past. The United Nations' Environment Program estimates that more than 33,000 people visit the ash pit each year, with 81 million in the United States. Though not in a potentially safe place for children, experts say slag piles can seriously undermine ecosystems and the ability of residents to manage wild areas. Dr. Ashwin Vasudevan, an expert at the Institute for Volcanology and Seismology, said the Giddings coal mine is too far removed from normal life to offer the same hazard as the world's other large coal deposits, which he attributes to its unsustainability factors. It should, however, not be feared. There are other places in the world that would be good candidates for the benefit of the ash pit, including Europe, Austria, Switzerland, Norway, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Sweden, Denmark, Iceland and Spain. According to the World Economic Forum and the Institute of Environmental Health, the same coal pile sits atop the Sierra Nevada mountains in Alaska and the Northern Territory. They feed several large coal seams, providing enough energy to power more than 300,000 jobs. "There are people coming over from the West and reaching up all the way to Canada, and there's an estimated 600,000 acres of slag in areas there. Once it is cleared it will become almost totally worthless," said John Turnes, a spokesman for the local Columbia Coal mine, an industrial park. His estimated ash pit cleanup, to begin in October, could take five years. The deposits could impact the nearby properties in North Elsheny, Alaskan and Eastern Alaska, and the management of the carbon rock in the mine might be a challenge. The rich history of the slag does not end when the deposits are brought into service. Around the world, one may discover dangerous roadside piles of coal, which are stored in an area sometimes referred to as "slag ring."
(CNN) -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "worst number of attacks" in one day in many years, an international maritime watchdog said.|||Authorities and drug barreling through the shipping lanes near the city of Dubali in Somalia killed 18 sailors and three crew members of the Miho Tinto by firing warning shots, Interpol said. International shipping monitor Frantz Fanon said the attacks claimed the lives of seven South American crew members. The suspects are believed to be Somali al Qaeda-linked militants.Freya Maritime Security Agency took a patrol, monitored by former British War Somalis, to Nairobi, where water traffickers have been behind dozens of attacks since October. The piracy networks "seized the ocean and approached the shoreline from where they hit Somalia's sub-regional nations," the agency said in a statement on Thursday. In many cases, they first raided shipping containers and sailed off toward dangerous coastlines. If ships in the areas were taking part in patrols or barreling through the narrow seas, they were sought, the agency said. Freya Maritime Security Agency said the recent attacks are unprecedented in the area. In 2010, some nine crew members were killed in 30 hijackings off the coast of Somalia. And 851 were injured. Maritime patrols and ships patrolling off Somalia have been in operation since 2003, MSA officials said. MSA rules are based on shipping and maritime security assessments made by International Maritime Bureau, based in Djibouti. MSA Director General Attiya Salman urged the parties to pay a high price to settle the dispute peacefully. The Somali forces asked pirates to spare their lives and to stop attacking merchant vessels and other vessels. MSA said the hijacked ships were hijacked off Somalia's western coast, which borders Kenya, Uganda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Djibouti. Before the attacks this week, the attacks were rare, MSA said. In 2012, three hijacked ships off the coast of Somalia's Morogoro region and eight pirates hijacked an MV-797 and a 9-ton cargo ship off the coast of Somalia. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Somali pirates targeted 13 vessels off the coast of Mogadishu. CNN's Kio Mallo and Jason Jordan contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- South Carolina political operatives say Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham deftly figured out how to duck, dodge and parry the kinds of conservative challenges that have bedeviled some fellow party incumbents this primary season.|||Both elected leaders. Since July, GOP senators from Georgia, North Carolina, Iowa, Minnesota, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Florida and New Hampshire are facing challenges from varying constituencies trying to gain a competitive edge in the South's primary for the Senate seat. Both contested GOP primary battles stem from pro-Donald Trump anti-establishment conservatives. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., defeated South Carolina businessman Joe Riley in a primary that effectively ended Riley's bid for the seat. As his rivals ran ads pointing to Graham's anti-Obamacare stance and suggesting that he accept a contract extension, and referred to him as the architect of the failed health care reform bill in the tea party era, Graham responded: "I'm not naïve about how opinions on the constitution and taxpayer dollars can change. I'm not naïve about the position of taxes." And when asked what Graham thinks those polls are indicating, Graham said, "Not a lot." After calling media figures and attorneys during Tuesday's primaries, Graham told CNN's Erin Burnett: "If anything, I think the president has outspent what he sold, because what he said was what a lot of people voted for." "I think on other issues, he bought the ballot box," Graham added. The GOP has criticized Graham's handling of Republicans in the state in recent years, and the party has accused him of being unserious and out of touch with the average Southerner. But the Senate president saw no reason to compromise. According to news reports, Republicans at Tuesday's meeting revealed "a consensus" on Graham as an acceptable figure who faces a stiff challenge from three challengers to his state's 11th Senate District. CNN's Mary Louise Kelly contributed to this report.
Paris (CNN)French lawmakers are weighing a ban on extremely thin models.|||Stytern problems Excess of supermodel. Bodybuilding. Excessive body fat. Social anxiety. Diabetes. Can a person suffer from both if their weight drops below acceptable ranges after a decade? Here are six ideas to tackle a problem that few consider sustainable. How can it be avoided? Weighing in. Applying for an advantage. Factoring in body-image standards. Understanding the dramatic differences between different species. From Britain to Ireland, the standard has made international news but there is considerable change. Hunger for thin models. In western Europe the situation has become worse. Each week of the year, newspapers across the world offer the unwritten definition of what it is to be "extremely thin." This has also led to outrage from France where obese and extremely thin models are heavily restricted by a strict ban. From France to Italy. Even Belgium. Meanwhile, Zurich, Switzerland, and the Netherlands have moved to slap tighter limits on how thin models can be. Dutch criminal Wolfgang Vischer, dubbed the "baby emperor," told Dutch newspaper Le Soir that he already has plans in the works to go after Danish model Miike Snow from Somme clothing store. Details of the Danish ban will be made public in January in a pamphlet circulated by the fashion industry. From Austria to Switzerland, 17 models have to pass extreme body standards. In Denmark, Ibtihaj Muhammad went to six extreme body standards. In Germany, Patrick Hottinger and Josef Kotor found extreme size issues. I've met them in detail, and in Austria. Hair may not be important. So does fashion. Neat. We study the curvature of skin. Style is about everything, from whether to thin or thick. From asymmetrical forearms to cleavage, a woman's angular body or a tight belly. From heavy eyelids to mouth to mouth. From nose and chin to something like their beards, women with thinner curves are encouraged to have longer hair. Suddenly thinner? It's like pregnancy. There is no way around it. If you are skinny, you get extra flab. We shouldn't be ashamed of it. It's not the norm. And if you don't, that's what we don't want. But we want to be able to make a lot of the huge statements in front of us that we are really, really skinny. And I don't think we should have to censor ourselves." Among other issues, there is an emphasis on spandex, which bears no resemblance to the ideal.
(CNN) -- Pakistan finished top of Group A after inflicting Australia's first defeat in 35 matches at the Cricket World Cup on Saturday, a run which has seen Ricky Ponting's team win the title three times since 1999.|||P 25-year-old Sohaib Maqsood, who was an outstanding player with 12 sixes, made 24 runs in 35 balls as Pakistan shipped 133 for five. "The 18-man side were dominating the first five overs and made the visitors want it more. Obviously though the ball hit their bowling and swung in our favour as the kind of things that the Australian bowlers take really well," the quick and furious de Silva said in his post-match interview with the home media. "It was all square for Pakistan at that stage." "But I saw a clear line with both seamers, which set the platform for an end to the Australia innings and Australian innings and fell there. "It was exciting to beat a great team like Australia in front of the home crowd and their fans. "It's always a great moment when your team is lifting the trophy or a great achievement for the fans."
MEXICO CITY (CNN) -- A 44-year-old Bolivian drug addict and alcoholic who describes himself as a church minister was the sole person responsible for the brief hijacking Wednesday of a commercial jetliner, a Mexican official said.|||U, a local police official, told CNN. The crimes, under investigation, began when Cheddi Rinaldi tried to board an Aeroflot jet outside Bolivia and attempted to fire his weapon, in the process knocking the airplane out of balance and making it crash into the Pacific. The hijackers flew the aircraft -- as well as that of three other passenger aircraft -- from Bolivia to Palermo, California, over two hours into the hijacking. Rinaldi had left police control of his National Palace of Bolivian President Domingo Martinez, as well as the Bolivian government in recent months.
SEATTLE, Washington (CNN) -- An outbreak of flu at Washington State University showed few signs of slowing down as more students continued to report symptoms suspected of being from the H1N1 virus, school officials said Wednesday.|||Aim Community Rainbow group held a solidarity breakfast at the Washington State University on Wednesday to show solidarity with students fighting the flu. The national group is campaigning to create awareness about the effects of the H1N1 virus, which is spreading in the United States and many other countries around the globe. The group told students to learn to be aware of their body temperature and breathing and have additional respiratory treatment, as well as an oral thermometer. "The scope of illness was overwhelming, but this number of severe flu cases is quite low compared to some other public school system in the U.S.," said school board member Jay Tietjen. "There will never be a place like this." Tietjen said flu patients need to work to their best ability to keep their temperatures normal. Some students reported feeling sick despite only getting a few small amounts of fluids, he said. Some victims, such as those with flu-like symptoms, said they felt bad and had no fever. In other areas, flu has been continuing at high levels. Some classes were canceled on Tuesday. Meanwhile, the school said it had hired a new doctor to treat its sickness. Health officials in the city of Seattle are also warning students, including upper-class students and those attending evening classes, not to pack because of the virus. "The scale of flu-related symptoms seems to be a little on the higher end," school spokesman Ross Koepp said. Because the level of flu is high, the school is putting on additional rest days and implementing an anti-flu decongestant, said Bryan Drake, chief health officer at the college. The university is also providing free flu-friendly clothing and personal hygiene products. Tietjen said influenza can be hard to treat, as the medication may turn to the occasional pneumonia or affect health care staff members. If hospitalizations occur, affected students can contact the university at 515-660-4789.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Police have arrested a Pakistani teenager accused of writing insulting comments about Muslim prophet Mohammed in a school exam, a senior police official said.|||The Zabiullah wrote: 'If you see the Quran, put the Pakistan in the Muslim holy book. If you are inside it, cast your mind in the mists, put it on your bed.... Muhammad Ali Jinnah is the son of former Pakistani President Benazir Bhutto who ended the world war in bloody violence after discovering Jews were attacking the British Empire. Will King's comments about Mohammed's child bride being taken by the Taliban be taken to trial in Pakistan?.
(CNN) -- A former University of Virginia lacrosse player convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend was sentenced to 23 years in prison on Thursday, according to the Commonwealth Attorney's office in Charlottesville, Virginia.|||E "Brian McManus is serving 23 years in prison for the murder of Shania Kardashian in 2012." Carter had already served a week for a probation violation, the jury on that charge had found him guilty in the capital murder case, the District Attorney's office said. "Brian McManus has served 29 years for the first degree murder of Shania Kardashian," the Commonwealth Attorney's office said in a statement. "Larry Cogen is serving five more consecutive years for assaulting Shania Kardashian in July and August 2012." Carman appeared in court on Tuesday for a scheduled sentencing hearing. "Craig Shepherd committed the violent act of murder in order to [effectively] silence her and get a scapegoat," District Attorney Anna Ramsey said in the release. "He is a 21-year-old, white man and of Asian descent who committed the violent act to wreak vengeance against Shania Kardashian, a woman he loved dearly." A source familiar with the case said the private trial would likely be moved from Charlottesville to Charlottesville to reflect the growing public debate about race in the United States. McManus, 20, was charged with first-degree murder as well as four other crimes including abduction, sexual assault and abduction of a child with intent to commit homicide. He also was charged with reckless endangerment. Carman pleaded guilty in October 2012 to charges related to Kardashian's death and faced a trial. CNN's Heather Fredrickson contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Queen Elizabeth II has a new profile pic. @BritishMonarchy tweeted the image Sunday, noting it was released to mark her 88th birthday Monday.|||A while plotting her next stage of promotion for the Royal American Tour, the pair thought up their 9,000-second Twitter selfie. According to the #Facebookphoto announcement, the Queen will look stunning in the photo, while an Italian film director and British comedian "Monty Python" also shot it. Shortly after capturing the shot, the couple relatable-looking shots were left online, including one of the queen walking alongside eagle-eyed broadcaster Brian Mulroney. In another scene, strolling towards Buckingham Palace, Prince William and Camilla looked up from their television screens and asked, "Where is #RIO?" "Out in the working world," smiled a smiling Richard Branson. "Not currently!" The couple tweeted that Queen Elizabeth II had chosen the current profile pic to mark her 90th birthday. We wish her the best of luck on her big day.
(CNN) -- The Navy identified Thursday the two crew members who died when their F/A-18F Super Hornet crashed during a training flight in central California.|||The Navy on Thursday announced that the crew members had died when the plane they were on had crashed near Martinez in the central California desert. The Navy Command Center said in a statement that a tree came down and hit the skids of the plane before it came to rest on the ground. The two crew members are Raymond O'Brady, 36, and Paul E. Sykes, 33. They were among four airmen aboard the jet during a training flight when it crashed into the ground on January 21. The Navy said they were training at the California Naval Aviation Center in Martinez, and the pilot of the plane, Lt. Kevin Graham, 34, reported to first officer Geoff Fuller of the Marines, later reporting to Quartermaster John Redfield. "This is an unfortunate accident," Redfield told CNN affiliate KCAL in Los Angeles. "I would just like to thank the Coast Guard for their services on behalf of our Airmen that were killed in this accident." A Navy statement said the crew was misjudged and that one of the ejections occurred too quickly. The helicopter was back on the ground and recovered. Witnesses at the scene reported hearing a loud thud. The pilot gave emergency radio commands and lost contact with the cockpit before responding, the Navy said. The two crew members who died were members of Navy P-8A Poseidon Aircrew Air Demonstration Squadron. One of the individuals from the helicopter survived the crash. The Navy chief of staff, Adm. John Richardson, said the fatal accident happened off the base at Antelope Bay. "It's an unfortunate accident and we absolutely regret that anyone was seriously hurt in it," he said. The Navy said the pilots were not wearing life jackets. Media freedom made a public request for specifics on the exact incident, and the Navy referred inquiries to the Coast Guard. The crash was described as a routine training accident.
(CNN) -- Not everyone wishes others well in fulfilling their New Year's resolutions.|||The tree-close stores have not been built since 2001, and their early dates have not been easy, considering they were contaminated. Clips of one fellow worker are still sprinkled on the bright blue beams of the Pantomime tree and its matching tongue tongue. It's like throwing candy at that person. "I am so sorry," says Mr. Ryan. "I just have a stomach ache because of all this. It is horrible and sad." The Palm Beach Post banned the tree's teeth from its website. See exclusive "free -ing the Internet" video. My family is suffering through hurricane Michael -- let's address that. Dicaid Houghton, who was three years old, told CNN last week that he had "fallen through the cracks" -- the first time he'd ever laid eyes on the tree at TAPSOVE in Vegas. CNN: FDOT stops blaze at Louis Armstrong Freedom Center in Las Vegas, where news of massive fire has ricocheted. CNN: Where to buy fireworks and extinguish them.
The first commercial supply mission by Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned Cygnus spacecraft has docked at the International Space Station, NASA said Sunday.|||Obot will bring more than 6,000 pounds (2,700 kilograms) of cargo aboard to the International Space Station on December 10, according to NASA. The Cygnus cargo ship launched in August aboard an unmanned rocket with its first supply for the outpost. It traveled aboard the space station from Virginia in an Atlas V rocket, taking off from Cape Canaveral on August 6. The 11-month mission is the first for Orbital Sciences' new Cygnus in a series of cargo missions. It initially launched from Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, carrying 60 tons of cargo, according to the Aerospace Industries Association. Three other Orbital's Orbital Sciences satellites will follow on the next Antares mission, and another supplies craft would follow two months after that, NASA said in a statement. Orbital is aiming to ship its first cargo to the station in 2021.
(Health.com) -- Women who take fish-oil supplements during pregnancy are just as likely to experience postpartum depression as those who don't, and their babies' minds don't appear to develop more quickly, according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.|||Two women who took supplements during their pregnancy acquired fine motor control issues. They also had vivid menstrual dreams. The researchers say "we controlled for these health concerns by adding fish oil and focused on mental health. They ended up studying over 4,800 pregnancies using a double-blind study, and found that "overall health and behavior weren't affected significantly, and that women continued to enjoy early life." The results were published in August in the Journal of the American Medical Association. People who take supplements can weigh up to five pounds. And in some studies, women not taking supplements went on to have longer pregnancies and smaller children. Substantially older women didn't show any difference in performance, with lighter than average children. Also, despite the benefits of taking fish oil during pregnancy, the data suggests that this group of moms didn't succeed at reducing stress much. This is because depression can adversely impact both mental and physical health. Some of the findings are similar to those published in clinical trials, including a favorable outcome of Alzheimer's. And, another surprising finding was that women who took fish-oil supplements reported retaining most of the benefits of the supplements after the baby was born. The researchers say that prognosis changes too. "Longitudinal studies have shown that fish-oil supplements are associated with fewer depressive symptoms, but patients who have progressed further depression don't have a stronger memory of longer-term experiences. Rather, children do not have a better chance of growing up, according to us," the researchers said. The findings are "important because we believe that preterm infants are children, and that it is essential to share maternal care care. Parenting challenges baby to develop according to its own needs." Overall, the results are similar to those reported in clinical trials. It is a good idea to get the optimal amount of vitamin D, which regulates hormones, in your diet. However, it doesn't mean that if you do take it, you should take it. If you don't, how can you get pregnant again? Far less accurate reading for consumers is suggested, but there are two studies showing that these types of adjustments are important for improving health: a WHO Survey of Health and Nutrition and a US survey by Food and Drug Administration. How do children learn to eat? Because they get their first taste of the nutrients in the body. How do babies' brains develop? Your body and our brains don't coordinate; they have to balance everything. These aren't life-threatening problems. But, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs says, ingesting vitamins B12 and B12 from fish-oil supplements during pregnancy appears to promote optimal health and mental well-being. And fish-oil supplements seem to encourage the body to gather more calcium. When pregnant, how do you prepare for healthy children? The researchers looked at 12 months and six years ago and found that babies show no sign of malabsorption of hormones. About 42 percent of high-fat consumers reported losing weight after giving birth, compared to about 20 percent of those who were given control foods.
Rapper Gucci Mane will serve 39 months in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to a federal firearms charge.|||It is 20-1/4 to 40 years and three months in prison. She won't be eligible for parole for five years, U.S. District Judge Sandra Chapala of Wilmette, Missouri, said. This marks the second time Gucci Mane, 27, has pleaded guilty in six years. In 2012, Gucci pleaded guilty to dealing in stolen firearms, assaulting a police officer and assaulting a U.S. postal employee at a Manhattan parking garage. At the time, he was also arrested and charged with attempting to sell a loaded firearm, driving while intoxicated and threatening his victims with a deadly weapon. She denied the charges when she called police in 2014. He also denied assaulting one of his ex-girlfriends in 2012. The arrests occurred as he was committing robberies around New York. The weapons allegedly belonged to Kim Kardashian, the mother of his young child. Gucci pled guilty to two counts of conspiracy to distribute methamphetamine. A court approved his plea deal under favorable conditions, Chapala said. He was sentenced to 39 months and a fine of $10,000. The rap star had pleaded no contest in February to felony possession of a controlled substance. Grammy Award-winning Rapper, the Los Angeles native, has 561 million records and sold more than 50 million albums worldwide. He is also a leader of the "Imma Go to Heaven" tour, which began in 2011, the Rolling Stone website reported. During his lawsuit with Dakota Johnson, he dismissed portions of the song, including a reference to African-American culture and the Almanack Hotel in New York City. "I never should have said that to my mother," Gucci told Johnson in the song "Sorry," the writer's site reported. "Even though he ruined my life, I am very appreciative of everything he has done for me."
(CNN) -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest.|||QII. “The point of the burqa is not to provide some fake modesty, it is to honor the ideas and beliefs of our Prophet (PBUH) and Muslims," said Arif Al-Garad, director of the store in the central part of Nigeria's capital, Nairobi. "I began wearing the burqa after watching an American secularist newspaper cover my new purchase when I was 18 years old. Immediately, I was aware that my mother was extremely happy, and her face became a particular symbol of her. That, and the memories of her, appealed to me very deeply. And as an adult, I decided it was in my best interest to wear it on more occasions as well as when I traveled in other cities."   "I think of this simple fact that I was born in Sudan and have seen what is happening in the Middle East and what is happening in the Muslim world to them as well," Al-Garad said. "When I look at the whole issue, what looks like the women of my age, I think about my own childhood. When my first love for my mother died two months ago, I spoke to her about Islam because she, too, spoke about my perceived lack of manners and how I did not know how to act, respect women or obey God."     In addition, she said, covering herself "was fundamental to my upbringing and the Muslim faith."      "It was also needed because of my belief that I had failed as a teacher and the opposite of my father."   I told Al-Garad that as a Muslim, I had agreed to be subjected to the same scrutiny as any other person without an alternative and it only taught me humility and that I should not be afraid.     Rather than making excuses for the Muslim woman in front of me, it taught me about the importance of taking the time to study Islam and the importance of practicing modesty. "I've had enough of them shitting on me in this country," she said.    "I lived my whole life in ignorance, guilt, shame and constant poverty. I've come to realize that my parents were great Muslim women who maintained peace in their own way, especially as a woman. They were good mothers, and that is what this decision means." A video of the burqa protests went viral. here. During one of the protests, which lasted several weeks, hundreds of women marched and demanded an end to police beatings and killings. It is hoped that the protests provoke an end to terrorism, the movement told CNN affiliate JTA on Monday.
(CNN) -- At their president's urging, Sri Lankans took to the streets Sunday to rail against a critical United Nations report that found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country's civil war.|||Allied together in a hope to see an end to the fighting. Policing happened several miles outside of the headquarters compound. Police used tear gas to prevent people from entering. Dozens of young boys and adults stayed away because they feared scuffles would break out. Women with babies arrived on bikes and carried signs denouncing the violence. At a state-run hospital, medics brought in sheets to cover umbrellas to keep newborn infants wet and covered in bandages. An assailant allegedly threw a rubber ducky on the guard at a university in the south of the country and wounded two people. From Dunstan J. Athuvila, a police officer who said he was once charged with murder, the camera showed a man coming on stage with a new spandex-clad woman and a boy, both of whom he says have died of exposure. ''[The demonstrators] want a revolution," said P. I. Thirumavalayake, the president of the Muslim Students Association. Sri Lanka has been fighting for peace since the 1950s after a longtime civil war. Sri Lanka's president made a series of populist and one-sided speeches since the war, calling the decades of discrimination by the state regime regime a failure. A United Nations probe that began in early 2001 identified crimes of genocide, mass rape and piracy as chief causes of the conflict in the South. Former President Mahinda Rajapaksa urged justice in 2007. Several people died under torture after the United Nations investigation, a report said. It found the Sinhalese militia threatened to commit genocide against noncombatants and supplied weapons to rebels. The poison gas was used against civilians in an official bombing that left more than 2,200 people dead. Mourners were escorted to the hospital by police in an ambulance.
(CNN) -- A Georgia man allegedly slapped a toddler at a Walmart store because she wouldn't stop crying, authorities said.|||In 2006 photo of Wilson Clark slapping his girlfriend's 4-year-old daughter, Haley Smith, her mother said Wednesday she was "devastated and traumatized," police said. Fox 4-TV in Atlanta reported Clark was accused in the January 31 incident of striking the girl in a Walmart. No details on the charges against Clark, nor the size of his injury, were available. The video showed Clark being held by two women in the waiting area of the store. He had his face covered and apparently was pushing them away from him. Police stopped near the back of the store. "What he did was kind of creepy, and then she began screaming," said Christine Wambach, co-workers at the time. At the time, investigators said Clark, the mother of Haley, was physically and verbally abusive toward her. Clark may have become angry when she didn't like him giving her juice, police said. Some customers had their own versions of the incident. After pointing to the video, an employee yelled "Are you the baby daddy?" but Clark responded, "No, I'm not," Wambach said. "In the video, he slapped her." But something was obviously wrong. When questions were asked of Clark, an employee stepped up. During that time, Clark repeatedly made verbal and physical gestures toward the woman, according to the video. Clark told her she was holding the baby. "Get the baby out," he said. But he asked the woman to release the child. Clark was also arrested at the scene. Each victim had their hands in the air, Wambach said. "The mother yelled at her child and then told the child to shut the hell up," Wambach said. "She wanted to go home and she would hold the baby." Cohen was sentenced to 40 days in jail. "He told me, 'She was mean to you. I said, 'You take the kid and tell her she has to stop crying,'" Cooper said. The victim's mother said she was furious. "I'm just so upset and felt overwhelmed," Cohen said. Cooper surrendered to police.The woman reported that Clark struck her. CNN's Tim Miles and Mike McCormick contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Do you ever look at your smartphone and think it's just too stiff and flat? A growing number of tech giants have, and they're aiming to fix that with what may become the next wave of smartphone innovation.|||What would bring you a nicer smartphone, instead of one that's too flat and far too tightly bundled. This is the biggest microgauge of the patent, proving that mobile users are becoming restless as the new iPhone 5S costs about $2,000 more than a standard model and the next generation of smartphones may not be as compact as they have appeared in the past. The patent comes on two phones, a Samsung Galaxy S6 and a cheaper Galaxy S5 Plus. Critics called on HTC to quickly slow its rollout, but that hasn't happened. Instead, this patent might have introduced the keys to long-awaited improvements. Samsung is among the early adopters of microgauge, with Smart Navigation calling the S5 and S5 Plus a family of luxury smartphones. But HTC, Sony and others have invested heavily in developing microgauge smartphones that can move farther and farther from the flatness of a smartphone. "We decided that the two phones would look more like two discreet slabs of wood in a group," Samsung said last month. The iPad Air 2 is small and soft but has a hefty battery and is compatible with most mobile gadgets with screens at nearly 30 inches to detect if there's a screen gap or whether there's a screen. Android users are touting Samsung's SmartLook premium smartphone, which costs more than a standard iPad. LG's Android Style 5.5, designed in response to a demand for more practical devices, costs $299. And it's ready to debut on the Apple Store's retail site on April 6. But while the original brand made more accessories, the Samsung Dreamstore 3 and Galaxy S5 Plus are on sale now. Meanwhile, Microsoft Corp.'s Xbox One is bracing for another slump on consumer sales after slumping to fourth place during the first quarter of 2017. About 20% of the mobile phone market is made up of phones sold under $25,000 or less, and the majority of those are older models with large screens. Still, millions of customers are defecting to cheaper versions. Samsung recently completed a major facelift, which also makes it simpler and more efficient to store photos and photos on devices.
(CNN) -- A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect, who also died, authorities said.|||Jarr. Scott Martins, 39, and Quinton Haywood, 28, were killed when they were shot near Cade Creek in West Palm Beach County after a fight in December, the sheriff's office said in a news release. The same three others were wounded, and Haywood was discharged from a hospital after pleading guilty to first-degree murder. "Upon exiting the ambulance, the suspect fired at Deputy Murphy's partner with an automatic firearm. Upon returning to his patrol vehicle, the suspect opened fire on Deputy Hunter," the sheriff's office said. According to Capt. Brian Tamplin, deputy Murphy was hit by a bullet. Both were struck in the chest and left for dead. "The weapon could have detonated, and the reason behind the assault may have been the safety of the deputy," Tamplin said. He did not say how the deputy was injured. Haywood was not wounded in the firefight. Haywood's daughter was grazed in the face. Zephy, 22, was shot in the arm, authorities said. Police believe Haywood killed her sister, Deborah Hargrove, and was on the run when she died. Two others officers, identified by police as Tyrone Martinez and Quentin Erlanger, also were hit by gunfire, authorities said. A resident's shotgun was found nearby the shooting scene, but police said no one was injured there. "The shooting is considered to be isolated." The police haven't said how Haywood came to be working in jail, where he was placed several months ago. The sheriff's office said Haywood was well-trained and self-sufficient. Authorities haven't released the names of the other officers who were also wounded. There were no arrests Wednesday evening. In a Thursday release, the sheriff's office said Haywood "admitted knowing that something was very wrong" and that multiple police investigations would be conducted. "Haywood was eventually taken into custody without incident by officers." Haywood faces two counts of murder in the wake of May's killing. He was then released Tuesday. The sheriff's office, citing the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, declined to provide further details on the case.
Philadelphia (CNN) -- A Philadelphia judge threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Dr. Kermit Gosnell, the abortion clinic doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions at a bedraggled facility.|||Green attorney Tom Decker, described Gosnell as "a real malpractice attorney" and "a kindhearted guy." Gosnell, 70, lost his case on appeal to the state Supreme Court when a jury found he was not guilty of first degree murder in the November shooting deaths of five under-age girls in Philadelphia's Schenectady County in May. The killings followed a string of alleged surgical failures that led to his arrest in February. Police have said Gosnell intentionally mistook the children he injured, known as "null and void," for fetuses. Gamsong was arrested in March of this year. He is charged with seven counts of unlawful death caused by negligence. During the murder trial, prosecutors asserted there was sufficient evidence to convict Gosnell of the three counts of second-degree murder. Prosecutors have said Gosnell routinely performed abortions "to meet the dictates of each organization, religion and circumstance" at the clinic and then his pattern of patient retention would ultimately lead to mass, irreversible infections of fetuses that could kill or deform them. Gosnell faces hundreds of possible years in prison if found guilty. While Gosnell's cell is packed, reporters pass by the nearly empty waiting room. Gosnell is confined to his jail cell in a single-story, five-bathroom facility with no telephones, no fans, no television, no contact with even a deacon. The center's main doors and windows face an apparent aim for the late-term abortions that are a bright spot in a clinic already beset by cash woes. When prosecutors came calling for Gosnell to be jailed, he evaded arrest, CNN affiliate WPVI reported. He was arrested at the south Philadelphia clinic where an autopsy found the girl was dead but was not found to be stillborn. The medical records show a chain of events leading up to her death that began before April 20. Prosecutors said Gosnell induced another woman to abort her child after she learned the fetus would live longer than expected, rather than give her help. Gosnell was arrested near Philadelphia Municipal Airport shortly after an incident occurred at the Women's Building. According to Philadelphia police, Gosnell was on a plane to the New Orleans area, and airport security captured him. Four weeks later, police said they arrived at the McDonogh clinic to find the woman's body, covered in fecal matter. She was pronounced dead. Gosnell blamed her family and his clinic for giving her the fatal drugs she needed.
The Somali pirates roaming the waters off the Horn of Africa push global trade costs up by billions of dollars per year and severely affect the economic activities of neighboring countries, a new World Bank report has found.|||The Somalia pirates. Scariest of all, the remainder of the piracy is in Pakistan's waters and, in fact, is more often than not carried out by non-state armed groups like the Islamic State. For the single world bank, the most serious impact of piracy among non-state armed groups is the impact of the piracy. It resulted in the deaths of at least 527 people, of whom seven were pirates, from 1997 to 2007, according to the World Bank. While 2012 was the worst year of piracy in the world, in 2009 it was the worst year. Each pirate attack cost some $3 billion annually, with the immediate impact devastating energy, trade, tourism, and property. The latest report by the bank into piracy cites this year's figures: "The largest amount [of pirates] destroyed in 2012 was from their attack on the Bangladeshi coast, as the key source of 690 cargo ships." The most recent piracy attempt -- in 2011 -- was caused by pirates operating out of the country's southeastern port of Bangassa, at the head of the Horn of Africa.
London, England (CNN) -- Can we all get a better deal by making purchases together?|||The Stakeholders were there to make sure that people would buy next time they were up for auction. "One of the first things that came to mind was the misconception of the idea that a sale was between two people. The assumption is that if a sale is seen between two people it should be cheaper, but typically that is not the case, says Duncan Sykes, co-founder of NewLink. "We, as people, don't believe that's the case," Sykes tells CNN Money. "We believe that we get a better deal if we go out, buy something for ourselves and then as we shop for it, we can use our brains to price-in and discover where the fair price is." Stick with it, says Sykes. "If our thoughts as consumers guide us, it's OK to look for other ways to see the value," he adds. "This approach actually represents how this is better for the customers." Sykes said consumers are more likely to buy less, for example, if a shopping partner has a better gift card. Stocks have turned down that recommendation almost unanimously but thanks to an estimated 1.8 million transactions using the Apple store's Apple Pay mobile app, Safeway/Lidl smartphones have grown noticeably more popular in North America and Europe, which is why retailers are feeling the need to be more aggressive. Read more at: From Parents and Self Care 0 comments
(CNN) -- It wasn't until December 6 that Latinos could access CuidadoDeSalud.gov -- the extremely delayed and poorly translated Spanish version of HealthCare.gov. The thrown-together Spanish website has been a thorn in the President's side with the Latino community.|||Secretary is heading to his first race since becoming president. Barack Obama's campaign may have gotten the elements of his administration right -- but it certainly hasn't prepared for Barack Obama's personal story. The official website, iHop, lost its appeal and finally succumbed to the challenges of figuring out how a once widely successful Obamacare rollout, and Republicans picked the wrong website to blame. The first leak is of a larger shrug that the newest schedule for the site on Obama's watch would only be beginning this week. But some voters will be unhappy with the snail-paced rollout. The priorities this week are driving the final roll out of enrollment and having it succeed for low-income people to get insurance. Inside the first signs of the new enrollment system, various computers will work diligently at writing and accessing web pages. For example, Michelle Obama will be using this new website Friday. So will a few select staffers who chose their own sites from a global effort. Obama's travel to Guatemala on Wednesday was delayed for medical reasons, and another trip to the Dominican Republic was postponed because of bad weather conditions. Obama is officially scheduled to visit Mexico on February 14. The over-reaching rollout also led to concerns over the rollout of other parts of Obamacare, including political initiatives. The Interior Department has said it has canceled another $50 million in campaign promises to border on Hispanic populations. Obama, who is now his country's top health care executive, wants the new Obamacare website to go smoothly. Despite the leaked version of the details, the biggest story in the initial rollout has been the website's botched Spanish translation. Insurers were frustrated with how quickly the new website was going. President Obama sent out a wide-ranging October 1, 2013, message directing people to "Cuidado De Salud," a site dedicated to promoting health care for Latinos. And on November 15, Obama's promised signing ceremony in Guatemala was postponed to January. Latinos were concerned that the launch would be linked to one of the site's biggest sponsors, the initiative's developers said. Additionally, they were worried that the launch was an indication of a pro-Obama atmosphere. The Republican Administration is hoping it will encourage voters to stay away from the site, which is exceedingly unpopular with Latinos. "I don't like sending out a lot of messages for people not to have health insurance," Obama told Fox News on Tuesday. "I don't like making a lot of promises that could be broken." Indeed, it is. Critics say Obama's Web site has been overwhelmed with many, many glitches. Apparently, he sent them up. They told the site administrators to close it down on Saturday. But all of them were out by 1pm on Tuesday.
(CNN) -- Authorities in Utah evacuated a passenger plane Thursday morning after receiving a bomb threat, a spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City International Airport said.|||Officials evacuated the plane on 1311 after the woman yelled "the bomb is in the bathroom," from the plane's wings. "There's no bombs in there," the airport said. Fitch said no bombs were found on the plane, which was bound for Charlotte, North Carolina, and was "an impromptu diversion" after the woman called in the threat, Airline Flight Connection spokesman Clay Skaggs said. Police in Kaysville, Utah, also evacuated the plane, but did not say whether it was there for a bomb threat. "We have deputies on the plane and our pilot and security officers are working around the clock to monitor the perimeter," Kaysville City Police Capt. Matthew Emerson said. State trooper Rob Condon pulled a passenger out of the plane Thursday morning after finding suspicious activity, Phillips said. A bomb squad was called to the airport. "A male passenger informed us, but he stated 'inside the bathroom door on my right,' " Condon said. "He then said 'okay, blast.'" A cordon and the lights of the airport were turned off after the bomb threat, Morris said. A Korean Airlines plane also was called, though officials weren't immediately available for comment Thursday. In another incident, an Afghanistan U.S. Air Force F-16 tactical jet crashed Wednesday afternoon near Twente, Alaska. CNN's Jennifer Griffin contributed to this report. CNN's Kristina Faso contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- A 23-year-old beauty queen and seven men arrested in vehicles loaded with weapons and cash near the central Mexico city of Guadalajara have been transferred to Mexico City, the state news agency said Wednesday.|||The mugshots are not typically that of a beauty queen who allegedly ripped the men apart, says Edgar Flores, executive director of the University of Guadalajara, an American institution of higher education and training in the area. Flores is known for helping set up the school at the University of Guadalajara in December 2005. He also is involved in real-time death certificates of drug cartel members that carry out home invasions. During a press conference, Flores spoke of how he was lured into a body of the alleged rapists' DNA. The unidentified women suspect allegedly cooperated with police in trying to help them rob the women, Flores said. In a statement, Mexican authorities said it was not clear whether Flores, 20, was a model or a teacher or whether he was a student at Guadalajara. Flores was arrested Tuesday at about 9 p.m. in Mexico City, the news agency said. The men are being held on $5 million in bonds. "The faces do not match those depicted in the crime sheet," Flores said, noting that authorities consider them suspects. But Flores said the sum of the charges charges "is an illusion." "We can no longer increase their sentences," Flores said. "Favorably armed crime is not something that we can tolerate." Last week, police captured the cars of a suspect they identified as a former member of the Fedor Mujica gang. The 27-year-old had a scheduled Sunday nuptials at the University of Guadalajara. She said she didn't know how much she would be paid. She added that she was "highly motivated to recover and remove from reality." "You must be motivated by a person's reputation, character and honor," Flores said in an interview aired Tuesday. She also said she will never be convicted of robbery or extortion. "I think the defense is they should be taking into account the kinds of things that I have been charged with: taking a photograph," Flores said. Flores' photographs will be shown Tuesday and Wednesday. She plans to wear a trademark white vest, a free shirt that means "to fight." CNN's Fred Bernardo contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- It took more than five years to build, but since its opening last year, the Guangzhou Opera House has become the jewel among the sprawling Chinese megacity's bland urban landscape.|||Shurgent. The previous ten years and more than $50 million in additional funds laid waste to old buildings here and on the outskirts of China's second-largest city, Guangzhou, including the Grand Opera House in Shenzhen, which is the final piece of cultural infrastructure to be completed before the opening of the 2013 Asian Games. Beijing's Shanghai Olympic stadium underwent a similar overhaul, having suffered from a collapse -- and another imminent -- after the 2004 Games that was the site for the 2010 games. (Sichuan would have become the 27th Asian country to host the games in a week and half.) However, the new suburban air was as welcoming as it was scandalous. Limbing anti-Chinese protests were largely peaceful, with Beijing's official Xinhua news agency reporting on Friday that the lead opposition party urged authorities to restore the Grand Opera House as an icon of economic development and globalization. "It has lost no man-power, but it has been a symbol of restoring the city's economic development since more than 30 years," Shanghai official Hengxue Li was quoted as saying. "Can you imagine the building of this building?" -- according to the opening statement. As Chen predicted, the stage is designed in parts to create the desired show like "The Price of Happiness" from the Dutch movie "The Goodbye Girl" in 1958. Loading The city's stations also include hotels and eateries, commercial and residential locations and even an elevated pedestrian mall. There are even a cash machine, a Subway station, a convenience store and a public toilet -- all here. And coming after a February run of snowstorms, an arrangement that C-NET.org described as "like a roof of sorts," makes Guangzhou look more inviting than it did last spring or summer. "These kind of beauties and charms will re-energize the city -- that's the feel of the city," C-NET wrote. The Communist Party, which is now in charge of the governorship of the city, also has promised that "pure" urban neighborhoods will be immediately designated for special development. It also allocated a certain amount of land for street irrigation and make-up products and materials, and there is plenty of space for a supermarket and a bus station.
(WIRED) -- The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social media sites from its networks, effective immediately.|||The Internet, the Marines: Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, and MySpace, from there joins Yahoo! as social networking accounts hit a brick wall. Bloomberg News and The Verge report that the online dating site has been blocked by the service. "Facebook has received an Interfax blanket denial of service order in an effort to 'help stabilize ... the critical infrastructure of the Corps', not inform or assist," said Pentagon spokesman Maj. Johnny Williams. Since mid-April, the Marine Corps has banned access to the site from its networks, Williams said. Facebook is currently blocked within the service, and in January, a separate Web site, called Yahoo! also went dark. Twitter is Facebook's feed, known as @twitter. But Yahoo! and others have temporarily been disabled. The Internet blackout came at the height of the Conservative movement that spurred multiple measures that have tried to censor the use of Social Media, including Tweets or Disgustingly Flattering Tweets, from Hillary Clinton to former President Bill Clinton. Twitter, Facebook, and Google all use #NeverSettleMatter_TheWar now. "We will subject users, who may have simply innocently uploaded their photos or tweets, to our no-platform rule. What we want to do is to bring those photos back to public view where we can get closer to the issues that went on," said Katie Lupton, a spokesperson for Google. Twitter and Facebook were previously banned by the Marines, and posted warnings about its presence earlier this year. The Corps, and especially private Web companies, can appeal a shutdown, Williams said, in part to "reassure users and maintain effective communication with their friends and family." The movement is organized on forums known as /r/msa, the Marines' anti-Twitter lobbying group, and its "Legal Twitter" page. It allows Twitter to take down tweets and match users' matches with friends who live in a country where any of the services can operate without a government permit. The Royal Marines Honor Guard will handle some media-related violations. "We have verified that all responsible moderators have responded to our inquiries immediately and have implemented a community-wide approach," said a spokesman for the joint services police force. San Bernardino, Calif.-based Facebook took fire Wednesday for using illegal and racist material on its home page. CNN reports:
(CNN)One of Hollywood's most attractive couples is heading down the aisle.|||Withstood on the shoulders of their longtime love, Bradley Cooper got down on one knee and said I do. She did as well. "I do. This is such a wonderful ceremony and evening and a fantastic gift for our son, and our son's friends and family," she told a crowd in London on Sunday. "We are very happy, happy, very special and will definitely have the biggest amazing wedding," she added. The bride, who doesn't mention their boy, is at her Grandma's house waiting for her to arrive. In May, Cooper was 11 months pregnant with his son with baby girl Stella. They celebrated the arrival of their baby in July at one of their ceremonies on the red carpet at South by Southwest. "We want to thank the photographers," Cooper said in May. "We knew it was a tough day because their portraits just took our breath away."
Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) -- Thousands of apparel workers clashed with police in Bangladesh, demanding higher pay on Monday, police and officials said.|||MostIn Dhaka, the textile-clad workers were leading the massive protest -- which included headgear wearing make-up and bedsheets all -- and they set off tear gas canisters and arrested three police, local human rights groups said. Their salaries do not include overtime and they had asked the government to buy them additional days to help, the Human Rights Commission said. Their demands were to be met by demands for a half-price increase on salaries. Tear gas was fired in defense of garment workers in the city, which police blamed on a local "extremist group" on behalf of the province of Rajshahi, said Selim Mohammad, a spokesman for the attorney general. Between 3000 and 3400 people, mainly working as tailors, were arrested during the sit-down in Dhaka. "These workers are demanding pay increases, but they are not getting it," Mohammed told CNN. They marched on the parliament in Dhaka chanting slogans such as, "I want the economy to wake up." Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said he was concerned for the thousands of garment workers injured in the clashes. The militants demanded that Bangladesh send an international delegation to the Bangladesh textile industry to negotiate their pay. Bangladesh textiles ministry spokesman Ahmed G Aadhushi said the government would send around 1,000 additional workers to join the "working people's movement to raise the wages." Besides the textile industry, garments workers in the garment industry are serving time in the army, a military deployment of more than 50 soldiers, according to the government. Many of these are considered loyal workers of the Bangladesh Armed Forces and currently just filled positions at the ministry and state-run air force bases. Bangladesh. Since the Bangladeshi Umar Abdullah was assassinated in October by a gunman in a Dhaka subway station, international security was at stake and amid talk of possible unrest. Bangladesh. The International Committee of the Red Cross and Amnesty International issued a joint statement denouncing the latest protests and predicting more violent unrest. CNN's Brian Powers contributed to this report.
London (CNN) -- The ex-wife of Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood said the precarious finances of L'Wren Scott's fashion business may have played a role in the late designer's apparent suicide.|||The storm of the week that followed the death of Charlotte Scott, who was slain in London's Kensington Gardens on Tuesday, brought back the painful past. The aftermath of the former fashion designer's death has devastated her family, as they try to grieve for their daughter. While creating stunning new clothes and stunning sweaters for the British ragtag crowd, Scott had been barely managing to keep things afloat. A source told CNN the former aspiring singer's business partner, Leo Lohr, had been struggling to secure the necessary funding, managing L'Wren Scott's debts with rival Soho House. "A family member ... knew she was broke and fell on hard times," the source said. The consultant said Scott's family had struggled with debt, but it appeared she could have self-financed it. At a news conference this week, Wood said "losing the business and having to find other opportunities ... in tough financial times, she was doing all she could to try and raise the funds." Scotland Yard said that Scott's murder was being investigated. Her daughter and Brooke Lohr said that her mother had taken a decision to attend a funeral, but that no further details were available. Scott's death has deeply wounded her family. L'Wren Scott's family told CNN they are devastated. Scott's father James Scott said on Thursday that the family would have to consider how to cope with the loss of his mother. "It's unthinkable," he said, "and would be unthinkable had we had to accept this news." Scott's husband, Wood Scott, is also no longer with the family. A trial for Wood Scott has been scheduled for March in London's Old Bailey. Wood's family was also stunned by the news, with her mother in Canada and her sister Carolan being replaced by designer Judith Jamieson. The death had little immediate impact on the fashion world. Top designers like Ralph Lauren and Elizabeth Hurley didn't respond to requests for comment.
(CNN) -- Heavy rains caused flash flooding across the Boston metro area Saturday, stranding cars and causing damage, the National Weather Service reported.|||Def checked a viewing site in Mount Washington to gather video of the aftermath of Saturday's heavy rain and flooding, showing cars split by rising water and five vehicles stranded. Authorities initially found about 60 cars floating in the streets and two overturned vehicles on a freeway overpass near Mount Washington's entrance to Dunkirk Freeway, the National Weather Service said. The National Weather Service reported flooding injuries, one arrest and five missing persons in the area, as well as a single child's death. Water was up to 55 feet (17 meters) above flood-depth along I-95, the center of I-95, the weather service reported.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal continued his domination on clay as he crushed compatriot Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-1, 6-2 in the second round of the Barcelona Open.|||Anderson defeats German Marcel Granollers 7-5 7-6 (7-5) 6-2. On clay. Nadal grabbed his 18th title on his home soil this week, stretching his good form by beating Garcia-Lopez at a third time of asking with a 6-0, 6-1 demolition job of the Spanish world number five. The Spaniard also improved his finals record against fellow Spaniard Juan Martin Del Potro to 18-0 on clay, which he drew one game back from the 11-time grand slam champion. Nadal has never faced a player from the Americas than Garcia-Lopez, who picked up his first ATP Tour title in Florida. But the Spaniard took advantage of chances given to him by his opponent. Despite being out-of-sorts and a nervous first set, his serve has been on form and looked imperious this week. Nadal picked up his first break of serve in the opening game and never looked back. He converted all four chances he received to launch an impressive victory over Garcia-Lopez. Nadal set up a second-set meeting with Poland's Mischa Zverev in the afternoon before winning 6-3 6-3 with great ease after the second set was completed. The third seed ultimately cruised through his opening match to see off Borg at Roland Garros. "It looks like a big win," Nadal told the court as he began his final practice in France. Sunday was the occasion to celebrate the birth of his first grand slam title in three years. "To have started the tournament like this, with Rafael and the guys that we have had are very special players in the process. I'm very happy. Tomorrow, we'll do what we can to do well." Nadal added that his next stop was this week's Stuttgart Open, where he will face US Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka. More set play is set for Tuesday. On Thursday, Nadal faces Bulgarian Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, who left the clay court with a muscular groin problem.
(CNN) -- Lawyers for the mother of a 15-year-old girl suing "The Tyra Show" lambasted the show's producers Tuesday as "reckless" for letting her child appear as a self-described sex addict.|||By Jamey Smith, mother of alleged "missed tape" offender Tanya Meikle, 14, and a host of other viral videos of Meikle and images of her, including adverts for a cigarette, clothing sets, headbands, rings, and hoodies, were used to promote the series. Meikle's lawsuit against Tyra Banks and others calls the gender-neutral appearance "sexually explicit and inappropriate." If cleared of any wrongdoing by Tyra Banks, or by any of the other porn stars who have appeared on the show, Smith said she considers it a "good" example of how "the making of celebrity culture has evolved." The show's producers denied that Meikle and the others were to blame, saying only that television programming was not to blame for Meikle's portrayal of herself. "I think it's the show's responsibility to take responsibility when one of its stars is acting uncannily sexual in an unacceptable and dangerous manner," said Tyra, who opened her weekly "Project Runway" on the show in 2004. "We treat people well. We celebrate people; we never penalize anybody for being their best self." Meikle, who was also filmed in nude fashion, appeared in "Hot Girl Gone Bad" as the lead actress in 2004. That film ended in controversy after it showed a woman repeatedly urinating on herself and self-portraying as a hotel room guest who had urinated on the hotel room. Off-camera, "Hot Girl Gone Bad" involves a man who is crying uncontrollably, reportedly because he wants to have sex with her but "wasn't able to give her that."
The grim search for missing hikers and bodies buried under snow continued Saturday against the dramatic backdrop of Nepal's Himalayas, as officials confirmed that at least 39 people had died in an exceptionally heavy snowfall.|||The death toll of at least 38 hikers was confirmed Sunday after more than six weeks of rain dumped by a system of powerful storms in mountainous Nepal, officials said. The avalanche, set to hit at the peak of Machu Picchu in the Himalayan region of the lower 7,000-meter region, is part of a six-year-old snowmonks' natural migration to New South Wales in western Canada. Weather forecasters said snow was expected to rise and fall throughout the Himalayas in between two storms in late December and early January, with the heaviest snowfall on record forecast for Monday. Five days later, the snow remained fast in places. Although a total of about 5 feet of new snow fell at Machu Picchu on Friday, officials say there was no significant risk to the area because temperatures are rising and there is no risk of avalanches. They canceled most flights Sunday. "We have so many people on rescue and evacuation routes, including buses, motorcycles and UTV [utility vehicles]," Nepalese Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told reporters. "So many people are missing at one point ... every second." A Reuters correspondent sent over his helicopter to the wreckage, where the 8,515-meter (26,070-foot) Mount Everest is carved into a rock, and showed snow-covered trees which the climbers had trekked to retrieve two tents that disappeared in a 2011 avalanche. It appears from the photos that 52 people who were last seen at the site Sunday are the dead, though their location is unclear. Four other hikers were reported missing Wednesday. There were 35 reported avalanche fatalities -- including those from the ambulance service and the Chamundi volunteer fire brigade. The worst avalanche killed 49 people in India in October 2007, most of them from a dam collapse, according to reports. Nepal also has rugged rock ridges, unstable villages and dry mountainsides. This year, the snow is spewing up to about 80 feet (24 meters) an hour, according to the Meteorological Department. In addition to heavy rainfall in parts of New South Wales, two avalanches struck Sherpa Pass on Friday night, killing 18 people. The incidents occurred near the Naryn Gopla ridges, which are dominated by gold and diamond mines. Ski routes and power lines were washed away by the flooding. A giant snowman was seen flying over the wreckage, carrying cars. Authorities said 37-year-old Jared Zweig, a UTV volunteer, was "the most seriously injured."
(CNN) -- Actress Misty Upham, whose body was found in October along a river in suburban Seattle, died from blunt force injuries to her head and torso, the King County Medical Examiner said Thursday.|||Inhead injuries were consistent with similar injuries on anyone else in the Upham household, said the medical examiner's office, who pronounced the body Thursday. The 27-year-old Upham was discovered Oct. 24 in a dark car about 40 minutes before sunrise. She was last seen carrying a heavy blue bag on Oct. 23 and last seen exiting her house on Oct. 30. The woman was found that night in a car along the Snohomish River in Seattle, according to her family's attorneys.
(CNN) -- Michael Strahan loves the mega-romantic film "The Notebook," isn't afraid to admit his fear of snakes, supports same-sex marriage and makes Kelly Ripa giggle like no one else.|||The mess. Happy Passover, everyone! Oh yeah, and Michael Strahan is taking this interview away from people who have told him he made a big mistake by living with a married woman for 10 years. Strahan apparently decided -- after hearing about another guy's own affair with another man -- that this time with his ex-wife and the top guy in the sports world was a good idea. But a closer look reveals a lot more. Strahan supports gay rights. He does not think Tony Hawk has an issue with having two wives. He still attended high school with a handful of people with whom he was having affairs. He decided to open his own restaurant but realized his ex-wife was getting more and more obnoxious. "I don't care if you have two wives," Strahan told the show's guest anchor Melissa Burnett. "The other thing is that when you're 32 and 40 or 50, you should really be free to talk about the pros and cons." Mark Cuban would eventually go to law school. About him,
(CNN) -- A North Carolina man is accused of arranging to have his wife raped through personal ads on the Web site Craigslist, police said Wednesday.|||The accusation, which resulted in a five-year sentence on the Wilmington, North Carolina, man charged with kidnapping, sexual assault, and evidence tampering, was the result of more than a year of searching the Internet, North Carolina police said. Neil Benham, 40, is in custody. "We are very concerned with evidence we have that identifies him as the person of interest in this case," arrest report Sgt. Jeremy Raines said. Investigators determined that one of Benham's partners had solicited help for him. Investigators began looking into his Craigslist advertisement because of an earlier kidnapping and rape, the Wofford County police report said. Several people called police after seeing several videos on the Internet of David "David" Whitman seeking help for his wife, according to police. Zimmerman, 52, appears in the photo above. He was reportedly accused of trying to abduct his wife, Hilda Healy, to rape her. Healy, 46, was arrested Thursday in Chapel Hill, according to police reports. She is recovering in Durham Memorial Hospital. Her attorney, Michael Brown, declined to comment Thursday.
(CNN) -- On the same day that President Barack Obama spoke to the press about possible surveillance reforms—and released a related white paper on the subject—the National Security Agency came out with its own rare, publicly-released, seven-page document (PDF), essentially justifying its own practices.|||On: "Only so much is known about the number of billions of cellphone calls intercepted in secret in secret surveillance around the world from United States agencies while "gun deals" and telephone payments are still going on. You better believe NSA officials have never been less than well aware of that much. On Wednesday, it received a rare in-person confirmation from the White House, along with a very large, very strong pitch sheet by the agency. That document, "White Paper on the Diffusion Rate Doctrine, the NSA Accountability Report and the Improper Activities of Director Zubiri," still allows Mr. Zubiri to continue to conduct "selectively targeted telephone collection, analysis and collection of communications data, authorizing it to conduct vast amounts of investigations and to conduct other investigations by NSA Investigators and Cops." The government, of course, also has just sent out a similar document (PDF) for review. Look for the National Security Agency's response on that document, as well as its related white paper on the subject of FISA Court warrants, in late April. The White House also is expected to make public recommendations in coming weeks for reform of the system over the next three months. The NSA, though, did not release its arguments for why it continues to exist. Read the January 2011 full text of the top NSA brass's new call for legislation. In response, the document, which the White House released the day after it was released, argues that the "overwhelming majority of Americans have already concluded that NSA hacking violates Fourth Amendment rights." But with the previous reports from President Bush about his administration having suggested reforms to federal spying, the fact that NSA officials are using the courts to curtail liberty and privacy is unlikely to affect their explanation. The request to provide a legal justification for their actions, along with other legal violations by a government agency, is hardly secret. We've already discussed this in the past. Ten years ago, former Director of National Intelligence Brennan described it this way: "I don't think it's being done in a professional way, because it's not actually consistent with the way we intend to do it. It's not even consistent with the way we think that the broader public ought to believe it to be done." Translation: Everything was fine up until that point because the agency wasn't doing anything illegal, but it set a standard for years of behavior over the privacy rights of the American public. This did not happen under the Bush administration. To critics of the NSA, this was an outright admission of wrongdoing. It proved true despite extensive evidence that the Obama administration itself was not using proper legal tools to protect American freedom. But it was a suggestion and agreement that should have made plain language known. The bill, which the NSA signed on July 7, was called the Protecting Civil Liberties Act of 2010, but the agency has since refused to take it up. Although privacy advocates say the documents are not legally binding on the agency, it is important to point out that the documents they can hand out are legally binding. "It will be interesting to see the response," one senior administration official told CNN in response to the documents. "It has to be argued as to why the individual, if not all, of these metadata records were obtained and sent into the files," the official said. The papers show a variety of ways the NSA intelligence community is using Americans' communications data, from sending information overseas and across the globe, to tracking phone calls through encrypted cell phones to identifying them to obtaining records that link people overseas and determining identities. The statements said these practices go far beyond what the NSA's official ethics committee says. The document also reveals that the National Security Agency has conducted a wide variety of mass surveillance of Americans over many years and in many countries.
(CNN) -- Anti-government protesters have managed to breach a high-security zone in Pakistan's capital, despite the presence of thousands of security personnel.|||The security staff of Islamabad's army and police, who carried out the surprise announcement last night, have tightened the noose around the area. The cordons around the capital extended a further 10-to-15 minutes, according to a statement by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's office. Protesters who have assembled in South Islamabad have blocked roads and bridges leading into the city for hours. A police official at the Islamabad headquarters said hundreds of protesters, including some armed men, are trying to enter the government-controlled area. Security forces on Monday were ready to cordon off residents and drug dealers who, according to a statement issued by the police, have climbed onto rooftops of residential areas in the city. The incident follows an incident last year at Khanewal, in which young men tried to scale a wall. They were stopped and attacked by police. A police officer was killed. "We have a bigger crowd as security forces were on the upper part of the scene," a senior official at the Information Ministry said. Protesters have also been camping outside North Karachi with grenades in hand. The organizers of the march on Islamabad say they will stop on Saturday as soon as Islamabad President Asif Ali Zardari releases a statement from the hospital about how long the shutdown will last. "In any case, despite these restrictions, protesters can still set fire to what they call a 'martyrs' square on Saturday," the statement said. Demonstrators were escorted out of Khanewal on foot. A police spokesman warned the group of no-holds-barred protesters and said he had no plans to disperse the crowd. Police said the protesters threw eggs and petrol bombs, set fire to several buses and damaged government buildings. Prime Minister Ayaz Sadiq said no arrests have been made. The chief of the NDA government's Defence Security Force has said that security is essential in "stopping the unrest in Islamabad." Watch a video about the protest » The protests have captured widespread attention in Pakistan.
KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.|||The forms the backbone of the left back's team, and left-back Vlatko Ivanovic is a regular starter at Old Trafford despite the club's Champions League campaign. He is United's highest-earning player on the book and has won eight caps for Serbia, and can assume a number of key roles in a difficult position for the Red Devils. The veteran Serbian has been holding out since a physical blow to the right leg in his club debut against Fulham on March 18. Four months later, he returned to the fray, and Udinese achieved a four-point lead in a Europa League group, but failing to win a game, he played out a horror-show comeback as Manchester United drew 2-2 with the Italian side, and limped home. The hosts of Ukraine's capital will face the play-off winners as they also take on Roma's Champions League clash in Kiev on Tuesday. English Premier League side Arsenal are 15th in the table after their 1-0 win at Aston Villa on Saturday. Kylian Mbappe and Raheem Sterling finished second and third in the Premier League, with Alex Ferguson also in charge. The win, which comes after Manchester's weekend 3-2 victory over bottom club Wigan, is their third straight after Champions League triumphs in 2010 and 2013. United beat 10th-tier side Cardiff at Wembley after they slipped to 2-1 in the opening leg. Defender Nemanja Vidic will not play in the Champions League tie. An injured John Terry has suggested that Vidic sit out. "Yes, I will for the safety of the team," Terry told Sky Sports News. Vidic is no longer a regular, but could play in the friendly against Leicester City on Tuesday. "I had a little setback last week and luckily you told me it is nothing serious. I am fine, I have a contract," said Vidic. United coach Benitez has given him an opportunity to start on Tuesday but did not want to risk his vice-captain in the Premier League. "I think, for the sake of the team, I want to get the best out of him. It is his body. His body looks fantastic and he needs to play football," he added. Four-time European Cup winner Alex Ferguson, whose side are also fifth in the standings, says Vidic's shape is on the line in a high-stakes Champions League tie. Ferguson, whose sides are lacking an experienced player and the team's form has plummeted over the past two seasons, said the 30-year-old defender is badly hit and needs to play first in the Champions League. "First, we have to get his body right," said Ferguson. "Secondly, first of all he looks really strong and strong and he can play a big part. For this coach, it is very important for him to see the player. There is no doubt about that."
(CNN) -- The Justice Department on Friday invoked the government's "state secrets privilege" to intervene in a private legal dispute between the owner of a Greek shipping company and a U.S. nonprofit that advocates against Iran's nuclear program.|||The Customs Agents' documents also include a list of alleged Iranian irregularities, even though the facts and figures are both known to be protected by the law. According to law enforcement sources, under the Washington Post, the Department of Justice had the authority under the National Defense Authorization Act to intervene with respect to private contracts, most likely to resolve most cases involving U.S. officials. As part of the settlement of the arbitration, the Justice Department's requests for protective orders and orders against Iranian company Delfina Contractors and officials it was advising did not include its names. The Justice Department said in a letter Friday that its attorneys would examine the facts, despite its decision to stay out of the ongoing dispute. The company in question, Delfina Contractors, was "a U.S. concern subject to an international order," which prohibited all conduct that would jeopardize its important operations, including threatening the lives of U.S. citizens, NDC spokesman Mark Reiff told CNN Friday. In an article posted on this website Friday, the Justice Department's Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA) gave no reason for why Delfina Contractors' documents are subject to U.S. protective orders, including its proprietary information and communications (PIC). The diplomatic immunity law does not protect foreign government officials from infringement of U.S. laws unless, in their words, the United States Government is "under investigation and seeks the removal of such persons, among other things, from office." Zaveen Shahid, the director of Delfina's Project Fund, on Friday said that Iranian officials have taken steps to foil efforts by such a foundation to raise funds to urge lawmakers to pass a sanctions bill that would limit Iran's nuclear program. Say, the lifting of a ban is part of the deal between Iran and U.S. sanctions. The U.S. lawsuit asks for Delfina Contractors to be required to provide adequate copies of all financial data pertaining to Iran. Shahid also said the dispute with Delfina Contractors has been resolved, although he declined to say why.
(CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif stepped to the sidelines for a private conversation at a security conference in Germany on Sunday, according to a senior State Department official.|||Kerry speaks to Zarif, says German security source. "They both want to end this crisis," state department official said. Kerry says European powers shared power since 1979 during the Six-Day War. "If our European allies deliver sanctions that are rational, then people across the world, including Iran, must comply," the official said. Kerry: I'm looking forward to working with our Iranian colleagues to reach a comprehensive solution. Zarif: I can thank the European countries for the participation. "I will work with the European countries to ensure a peaceful solution to Iran's nuclear program -- that is, a commitment no one can make on Iran's own," Zarif said at the Munich Security Conference. "If there was an evidence that the United States and other members of the European Union were not sharing a view of such a plan that was understandable, then it is difficult for our countries to work with the European Union on that. "When I talked to President Obama last year on Iran, he agreed to go to a different route. ... "In addition to the comprehensive solution that the European Union and the United States were discussing, we would also like to see Iran, which is intent on developing nuclear weapons, join this process," he said. Kerry asked for both sides' political views when it came to Russia and the Iranian nuclear program, an official with knowledge of the matter said. "As the secretary of state," Kerry emphasized. The Washington Post and CNN's Alina Seyed contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Americans appear to actually thrive on adversity, according to a study published this week that reached the conclusion after researching the nation's biggest economic downturn.|||Urban: Report. "Everytime you see a need or need advertised, you hear that you are the person that should have it," the report, published Monday, says. The report, co-authored by UCLA economist David Hirschman and Linton Media Group's Michael Deem and Choshu Wang, analyzes how Americans define something, then processes it to determine if that person is an emotional or intellectual hypochondriac, a chronic emo, drug addict or a complete idiot. "These traits are by definition abnormal behavior, and in fact, these traits are consistent with the behavior of people who don't enjoy mental stressors, because they get used to them and adapt to them, and if they don't, they're more likely to do something abnormal," he says. To no surprise, the economists were able to determine that the unpredictable, segmented reality of the E-rate is most common. The top 20 happiest people in the country are those who are experiencing a job loss or who have put up with a decline, according to the report. "While a booming financial sector encourages entrepreneurial activity that has been driven by creative people, it has also made it more difficult for institutions and public agencies to manage economic adversity," the report adds. America apparently does not thrive on financial instability, according to the study, conducted by David and Marc Kass from Babson College. Among the first exceptions: higher income individuals with a moderate to advanced education who -- like Warren Buffett -- do not live in the financial crisis's flashiest city. Those individuals have gone up in the E-rate. "He is entrepreneurial but never has that high of a life expectancy," Kass and Deem say. "He doesn't have the sense of accomplishment when he achieves success. And after you achieve success he tends to be a little self-involved, but not very self-involved." People at the top are those who think they can always get out ahead of the downs, Kass says. "He likes to think he's way ahead of the game, but he's found that over the past 15 years of growth, while in fact, very many of the major growth-drivers have been at the bottom. He's talking about an economic downturn. A recession doesn't provide any time to run things. It hurts his life and his family's." That's how he describes the former AT&T CEO. Elizabeth Warren, who served as chairman of the commission that oversaw the study, described him as "ungrateful, selfish, energetic and deep in debt." "There are many people that need to get the income they are earning, but there is not a lot of satisfaction in a job that might be paid today," Warren says. "Work expectations." During a recession, Americans are expected to give up and skip a great deal of personal possessions that are at most temporary storage -- they're on borrowed time -- and get more involved in the economy, she says. "Rather than simply get that job, they should feel pride in having the work they do, which is one of the sources of their highest paychecks." In 2008, more than 70% of adults in the nation said they felt a sense of personal responsibility for their actions, according to the Pew Research Center. But those actions often lead to a downturn, even after they work hard and show some signs of improvement, like paying a higher tuition or taking a better job. In fact, 90% of Americans say their unemployment rate is at least 4.5% and 72% claim to being underemployed or looking for jobs. Those in the group believe this strategy actually lowers their self-esteem.
(CNN) -- An Obama administration initiative that aims to create jobs and economic growth has been derailed in some states while it speeds along in others.|||Newton, Ohio. The Black Agenda Program is officially complete, with two of the plan's four markers in use. The project, which aims to create 200,000 jobs in rural Ohio, remains stuck in bureaucratic red tape after the veto of Ohio's Republicans' state Senate majority leader. The automatic approval to advance the plan came following Ohio's majority vote to block the Senate rule change.
(CNN) -- Google rolled out a new Nexus 7 tablet on Wednesday. But a much smaller, much cheaper new gadget may be the one that makes a seismic impact in the consumer technology world.|||The cost, um, and is a fraction more than average. New Nexus 7 touches down at the Apple store Thursday for $229.99. Though less expensive, it's not included with the normal $109 Apple reward program. Check out some of the top-notch Android tablets around the world when you can get one for $199.99 on the Amazon Kindle App Store. The price tag is commensurate with the size of a laptop computer, but given that the Nexus 7 is the size of a smartphone -- almost a full-size tablet -- that's more than $2,500. Now that Amazon has gone full HD for its Kindle Fire tablet, hundreds of thousands of people will be wondering if its price has changed. Nonetheless, the company is still taking in big orders. The $299.99 unit is a big boost from last year's $329.99 price tag, and will join a slew of smartphones available now -- most notably Apple's iPad and Microsoft's Windows 7 and 8 tablets, respectively. This is the largest price drop in the Nexus lineup of tablets since the original iPad, when the original was $299.99 for a 2-inch iPad Mini and $349.99 for the original Nexus 6P. You don't have to compare the new Nexus 7 with a 7-inch iPad or Galaxy Note 7. It's a much more affordable device. You can still unlock each of the other three features on the Nexus 7 by hitting Fn/Click and drag. They leave the iPad as the default address key, but you can also access the latest from the website XSpace, which lists 14 new HTC Android tablets. Just take a peek at Google's Google+ profile page for the Nexus 7 today. As now, it's a "to the store" program for customers who have already purchased a Nexus 7, and can access preorders for $299.99 without getting their mobile wallets swiped at the Apple Store. We'd be wondering if Amazon might have snatched up the just-released Google T9 sports-bound tablet for about a third of its original price. It costs about $89.95.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The U.S. trade embargo on Cuba is endangering the health of millions by limiting Cubans' access to medicines and medical technology, human rights group Amnesty International alleged Wednesday.|||The United States trade embargo, an 11th law under the U.N. Convention on Treating Cuba, comes under the microscope once more as multinational companies, Latin America's two largest economies and Caribbean nations -- including some of the world's richest countries -- ramp up commercial trade with Cuba, Amnesty International said Wednesday. European Union leaders have decided to reimpose the U.S. trade embargo of Cuba on Friday. "Economic isolation is a trap from which we have seen no acceptable solution," the group said. "Re-emphasizing the North American sanctions is manifestly counterproductive to human rights and the health of millions of people. We demand that our hemisphere's longest standing agreement be recognized.  See entire article."A condition imposed by the United States on Cuba is no longer permitted. They can reinterpret the provision in the International Trade Organization, but this application is done at their own discretion," the group said. Another seven-year-old U.S. embargo has brought disease, torture and, in some cases, prison, Amnesty said. All of which undermine national security. "U.S. actions in recent years undermine the bilateral relationship that has been developed between the two countries over decades," it said. The group said those actions would further damage the country's ability to bring in millions of foreign workers. The move comes one week after a stunning flood of 7.3 million Haitians died of preventable diseases as a result of Hurricane Gustav, which killed 4.8 million during its first two months. And while there have been signs that medical conditions have improved, "the prevalence of communicable diseases remains high in Cuba," Amnesty said. "Moreover, there appears to have been a significant increase in the number of cases of people who are hospitalized or who have lost their lives due to a lack of medical care." In Havana, governments argue that whatever benefit the United States can provide, Cuban society can provide without discrimination. But that argument is simply not true. "Cuba has suffered a severe humanitarian crisis since the failure of Fidel Castro to establish universal suffrage," the World Health Organization said in a statement. "Much of the political and economic turmoil stemming from the continuing prohibition on Cuban trade with the United States has resulted from the failure of [those] policies." It's been estimated that the embargo has cost the United States $5 billion through 2009. Those economic losses are dwarfed by the $8 billion lost from U.S. business' investment in Cuba, an Interior Ministry spokesman said in June. "The private sector is largely responsible for sustaining the Cuban economy, which is heavily dependent on private sector investment." But the government has seen worsening market conditions since 2006, he said. In those months, foreign direct investment has plummeted, leading other U.S. firms to increasingly reduce investment. The U.S. imposes a similar embargo on Cuba. "There is no political will," the ministry spokesman, Rodolfo Altafari Lopez, said. "The Cuban people have no choice but to comply with the law and the political needs of their country and their nation," he said. Read more: 10 nations with fewer U.S. diplomats. This is why Kenya's Revolution wasn't over. CNN's Kanchana Joshi contributed to this report.
New York (CNN) -- A team of experts will conduct a 60-day safety assessment of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad in the wake of the derailment that killed four people and injured dozens of others, the Federal Railroad Administration said Thursday.|||Metro-2 trains and dozens of cars derailed in a Hudson River stormy road in Staten Island over the weekend. On Tuesday, several North American Railroads workers were working to repair two freight trains derailed in a water-turbine accident that killed four people and injured 20 others in New York state's Hudson River town of Uniondale. "We are working aggressively" to put the repair project in place, said Peter Purzetta, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's assistant administrator for transportation. "We've always talked about providing solutions, but sometimes that solution can be found in unexpected places." Passenger train ended up struck by 20-wheel train at an intersection before listing left the rails in Uniondale, forcing it to circle back on the tracks. Some passengers on the rail line were injured, but no one was killed. Metro-North said Monday that more than 100 passengers and crew were injured in the derailment. The incident occurred about 30 miles (48 kilometers) northeast of Yonkers on the Long Island Rail Road. A commuter train struck a power line. The derailment took place about 7 a.m. Tuesday (12:30 p.m. ET). In addition to the injured rail workers, people walking along the tracks were hurt. They were treated for minor injuries and released. Other rail workers who were injured worked Monday, according to Metro-North spokeswoman Karen Gaither.
(CNN) -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez, his first space flight, scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery, marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies.|||Jose Hernandez flies aboard the space shuttle Discovery with his fellow astronauts during his mission scheduled for the latter part of December. While the Obama administration has made immigration a top priority and staunchly opposed deportations, the Mexican-born Hernandez makes four appearances on the surface of the International Space Station every four months, a routine role that is important for his job and to some degree for the country he represents. Hernandez is the first person from Mexico to have a NASA contract to serve as a crew member and for others, but they have little recognition of their genetic contribution in space travel, especially women. That explains why Hernandez, a science and technology sciences major at the University of Michigan, is on the space shuttle Discovery, part of the International Space Station Expedition 56 crew. He will fly a C-17 cargo aircraft in the company of six other astronauts. Hernandez's one-man design team included Gerardo A. Reitze and Ricardo Torres Torres Torres and when the technicians landed at Los Angeles International Airport last year, Hernandez said they took him on as "a signature astronaut." In fact, their first command was "Find my family." On a recent visit to the Boeing 767-D jet engine plant, Hernandez learned the origin of aircraft. "It was a moment I'll never forget because of the kids there during the flight and all the courage they showed to get there," he said. In any case, Hernandez believes he's going to be an excellent astronaut. No matter what happens during his ascent to the International Space Station, he can put his hands up, despite the relatively high risks, if officials determine that he can afford it, which he has said they will likely. "I have an extraordinary job load," Hernandez said, "but that's not why I went. And I can do it." CNN's Lorne Carter contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A senior manager at Morgan Stanley pleaded not guilty Friday to assault and hate-crime charges in connection with the stabbing of a New York City taxi driver over the cost of a fare.|||Crescent days after surviving a white supremacist motorcycle attack in New York City's Harlem neighborhood, the 64-year-old Cesar Chavez is expected to face charges after police say he was stabbed 16 times by an assailant who appears to be related to a broker with the bank where he worked. "Mr. Chavez, sir, for your own good, I've got some news for you. The guy you stabbed [on Thursday] is in jail," New York City police Commissioner Ray Kelly said after the crime. The case follows the death of Robert Halfon, a Muslim-American man fatally stabbed by a white-skinned man over the road near his Harlem home, police said. That man, identified only as Ali Ahmed, has died. Police said the assailants know each other. There is "a pattern," police spokeswoman Yvette Desjardins said, adding that "they seek more victims and get them." He was stabbed in May. The suspect, a Syrian refugee, is about a half-hour from where a car was attacked Thursday afternoon in nearby Hillcrest, the police said. One of the suspect's adversaries is the driver of a taxi called "Islam" -- a reference to an anti-Muslim sentiment that is strong in the Muslim community, CBS affiliate WABC reported. Prosecutors said the suspect's family watched him die and have pleaded not guilty. The victim reportedly has two other black friends who have been terrorized by the mob.
(CNN) -- In April 2007, UEFA's executive committee voted to accept a joint proposal from Poland and Ukraine to host the European football Championships in 2012.|||Ukraine President Viktor Yanukovych said he "is willing to take more time and further consultations with top European soccer officials, but of course the other parties are optimistic as well." But they will have to demonstrate that their proposals will work," he said, adding that hosting European football's marquee event is vital to ensure fair competition between the continent's top clubs. "We need the best teams from the world with the best football," he said. "Football is what made football possible for the second coming of the greatest footballing nations in the world. "People's game ... can grow" and not "grow apart," Yandriga, Belarus' new president said. "They used to make soccer. The old order in football isn't a strong one any more. Football is a vital national sport." Read more about UEFA's fans organization » Read more about Czech Republic's 17-year cricket rivalry. Read more about European football and the UEFA Congress. Watch Polish President Beata Szydlo's live blog ». UEFA decisions UEFA rules on the country hosting the 2012 World Cup can affect clubs in Spain, Morocco, Germany and Italy. And the fact that Poland and Ukraine currently hold first-round football ties -- two matches each -- doesn't bode well for that hope. However, Ukraine has the poorest football infrastructure in Europe, and it would have to seal off any hostile environment around the Euro 2012 football finals, which will be held in Russia. As Poland and Ukraine are both 92% black, electing more than 9,000 voters per county would mean a league of no tolerance for racism, hatred and homophobia. Also, smaller regions like the villages of the south-west would not have representation in the final squad. And growing demographic trends in some host countries make the tournament an ideal platform for those who would like to promote a more inclusive atmosphere.
(CNN) -- A bus crashed into the side of a mountain Tuesday in western Bolivia, killing at least 13 people and injuring another 26, the government news agency reported.|||Priny at Almagro Road and Taylor Street in Viana Uyama, Bolivia, a government statement said Tuesday. CNN's Siranova Montes told the state-run Bolivian news agency BDI that the accident occurred shortly after midnight. At least one person was killed and 26 injured, including 15 children, in the crash, said Matias Guerrero, head of the Bolivian Civil Defense Office. Another killed in the crash was likely a doctor from Bolivia's civil defense forces, Guerrero said. The country's ministry of defense declined to specify the number of casualties or provide updates. A temporary rescue center was set up in Santa Cruz. The government expects another incident on Wednesday. CNN's Dani Garcia contributed to this report.
(Financial TImes) -- The Bank of Japan has lifted its assessment of Japan's economy, and underlined progress towards its price target by saying that inflation expectations "appear to be rising."|||" financial economists asked if there had been a positive surprise for the Bank of Japan's price target. The answer was what the staff doesn't like to hear: that it was raised. That was "cheap talk. The forecasts were thin with risks and uncertainty still remaining," the team said in its June 2 outlook of the Japan Monetary Policy Committee. The forecast reflected some "cooling" of oil prices in the short term to prompt more aggressive rate hikes, the committee said, and the demand for cash was moderate. "We underestimated the risks to the economy from the yen's impact on consumers, businesses, and the economy's ability to move toward its monetary target," the report said. The outlook also painted a rosy picture. On Tuesday the central bank was happier with the outlook. There was no release that saw any "measuring" of confidence in the strong economy, with some businesses citing caution to back the data. In a statement, the Bank of Japan said if fuel prices remained unchanged, they could be "unlikely to see growth in the near term". Opinion polls take place in Japan and have been showing a tight market for oil refiners. Consumers will remain wary of easing monetary policy, with the hope it will help fuel higher oil prices. The Bank of Japan predicts the average residential mortgage will stay unchanged at 9.88 percent in 2015. As well as lending, the bank will buy both government bonds and gold. Japanese government bonds tend to be less expensive than government debt. The increase in federal deposits could also be an indicator of inflationary expectations, the team said. "The composition of the yen's assets show that some institutions have ample dollars to defend the country's economic growth and markets to get oil prices higher," it said. With assets under their cost, the BOJ may need to introduce measures to temper the overzealous lending and large capital redemptions that are possible in the economy. It has said its arsenal of such measures should include short-term and longer-term strategies such as providing meagre amounts of liquidity and ensuring the timely release of funds. In a separate note from June 2, its staff hailed the recent stabilization of the food market. "We consider it very encouraging that the oil price is falling," the official said. "We expect the demand for food to stay relatively stable even through the recession, and that inflation will stay on track for the long term. "The commodity price is unlikely to change dramatically, given that credit conditions are as good as they are, the Bank of Japan said. The Bank of Japan expects that the falling currency will provide it with enough fuel and some transitory savings, it said. "Local banks have been alerted to the lowering of the real money supply, and asset sales have taken place." The Bank of Japan is among the largest creditors to the government. The government assumes direct responsibility for the banks' taxpayer exposure. Last week, the government also wrote a request to raise capital after the BOJ considered some of their policies -- such as, for instance, buying up long-term government debt from non-residents. Japan's Ministry of Finance compared the decrease to the easing of liquidity by a series of steps between 1999 and 2008, as part of the price rise. "The minister warned against lending too cheaply to households, with a debt based model," the ministry said in a statement. The federal government issue consists of a common tax for companies to lend or borrow to each other to refinance a loan from. That levies a 3 percent tax. The central bank believes this as a considerable amount of personal debt, and asks that others sell their shares to to fund public accounts. "At the moment it is unclear whether the government has the means or has the finances to retain these outstanding assets. Obviously such an issue affects the central bank," the statement said. The news fed speculation on the yen's exchange rate. In a Reuters report issued on Tuesday, two Citigroup economists pointed to the September poll, saying that the financial market perception around the Bank of Japan was "improving." "You have now seen double-digit unemployment rates and high inflation," they wrote, but that "the market expectations may change rapidly." and each time they changed too quickly, it was an obvious mistake. On that basis the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, a trade group was not available for comment on Wednesday.
(CNN) -- A shuttle bus crashed Friday morning at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, injuring 15 people, police said, and temporarily snarling vehicle traffic at one of the world's busiest centers for air travel.|||A shuttle bus carrying more than 60 passengers crashed Thursday morning at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, authorities said. One person was killed and 23 were injured, authorities said. The bus crashed at the busy terminal, where it was carrying passengers from the terminal to the busy O'Hare Park at Old Bailey Field. San Juan residents were aboard the shuttle and were able to return to their vehicles. They were not taken to a hospital. Authorities evacuated the next two and a half hours. The bus driver and front door passenger immediately called for help and the driver of another bus pulled over to help them and no one else was injured. About 3,000 passengers and baggage were transferred to vehicles. Officials said they were waiting for the tour operator to arrive, and the shuttle will be shut down. The bus stopped at the Transportation Lot 2 gate on land between Terminal 7 and Terminal 8. The driver and passengers apparently used the shuttle bus as a way of shifting to other transportation options. Transportation is busy, with planes from Los Angeles, Chicago and Seattle among the times when Chicago leads the nation in passengers.
(CNN) -- Fernando Alonso stretched his lead in the world championship standings with a peerless drive from pole position to win the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Sunday.|||Bde Felipe Massa, Portugal. © AFP In his first race since missing four important fingers in a previous accident, Ferrari claimed victory in his first race back since the Malaysian Grand Prix in February. Massa was joined on pole by Nico Rosberg, with the first joint pole of his career, and Alexander Rossi of Rosberg's Jordan team. It was the 125th podium of his career -- but only his second and his first behind American Michael Schumacher, who was second in the standings before the Hockenheim race. Alonso's victory was part of a remarkable return to form for the Spaniard, who had been plagued by injuries and the 'ring sore' last two years after a triple-header crash in Italy. At his home track, he is a 15-time winner of the German Grand Prix and has won the last three races and dropped just 14 points in the championship from seventh to ninth. "I'm very delighted to have come home on pole. A race of memories for me," Alonso told the official Formula One website. With only 10 races remaining, Alonso and Ferrari face a tricky World Championship season ahead of next season's Canadian Grand Prix at Silverstone in November. Spain's Juan Manuel Fangio won the Spanish GP on Sunday, his second pole position of the season. "I'm feeling a lot stronger. At the end of the day my team did a fantastic job," Fangio added. Alonso's Ferrari team mate, Jenson Button, also won Sunday, with Lewis Hamilton runner-up, seventh in the constructors' standings, with McLaren's Fernando Alonso 10th. "It's great to be involved," said Button, who will race for McLaren at the Autosport Hungaroring in Austria next month.
(CNN) -- Several hundred demonstrators clashed with officers in riot gear in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Sunday in a protest that raged for more than 12 hours, ending around midnight, CNN affiliate KOAT reported. The protesters were enraged by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of James M. Boyd. KOAT reported that Boyd was homeless.|||Anti- Advertisement -SANTA FE, N.M., April 19, 2009 (CNN) -- The Albuquerque Police Department struck back Sunday night with tear gas in downtown Albuquerque -- several hundred demonstrators who were spotted chanting and carrying signs demanding justice for James Boyd. "It was peaceful," a spokesman for the Albuquerque Police Department, Seth Holman, said of the effort, which involved around 100 protesters with a few hundred police officers, according to the Albuquerque Journal. "But law enforcement had other plans." Protesters and police officers surrounded a building near the department's headquarters, where they clashed for more than two hours, but authorities contained them and ended the unrest, Holman said. "Some time between 9:30 and 10:30 p.m. we had officers, tents and people in one area, and we ended up back in the police department a little after midnight with them still in that area, I think. After the clash around midnight, the officers were able to clear the area," Holman said. Numerous tear gas vehicles, water cannons and other equipment were used to disperse demonstrators. Holman was a state trooper who has been on the job for four years, but returned to patrol on Sunday after the mass dispersal, he said. CNN's Deanna Bilinski contributed to this report. Read more about the occupation. The New York Times, which first reported the violence on Sunday, called the clashes "lawful and necessary." A complaint was filed with the city against the King County Sheriff's Department, Albuquerque Police Department, the Bocas Clerks, and Albuquerque Mayor Carl Janus, the Associated Press said. The Albuquerque Journal first reported Sunday's struggle between police and protesters. The protesters were angered by what they called police brutality in the March 16 shooting of Boyd. Boyd's death was ruled a homicide in a court of law. Despite the sheriff's efforts to pull the boy from his bed, the 20-year-old was found hanging in his cell window by his family. Officials have said he was unarmed. Police officers subdued the protesters as well, after a short standoff that lasted about 1½ hours, CNN affiliate KOAT reported. But Albuquerque Mayor Rusty Paul said later the picture showed the man had been struck three times by the car as it cruised along a street near the police station. Paul said the incident left the city "deeply concerned about the safety of our citizens." More to come, CNN's Michael Shaw and Mark Schlichting contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- North Korea warned Friday it would launch a military strike against the South if Seoul goes ahead with live-fire drills near Yeonpyeong Island over the next five days, North Korea's state-run KCNA reported.|||North Korea's official news agency KCNA said North Korea warned the South of a "severe and total" attack on its airspace. The Military of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea told the South that they had taken the necessary measures "to prepare for a potential military action," KCNA said. In a statement, KCNA said the report was a protest against South Korea's claims of atomic testing during the South's Pyeongchang International Conference. "The claimed nuclear tests, conducted by the South, have become irreversible after multiple failed attempts to hide them in a notorious state secret," the news agency said. North Korea warned it would launch a military strike against the South if the South carries out the planned exercises, and that it considered other options, KCNA said. North Korea said it had been preparing for a response for two weeks to the South's planned maneuvers to bomb Yeonpyeong Island on January 29. The South is currently conducting war games in South Korea but has not carried out any action against North Korea. "We will not allow the local forces to redouble the provocation nor all [of] our painful imperialists' suicide," the Korean People's Army said Friday in a statement. Seoul's has been preparing to launch attacks against North Korea as part of a five-day "Road to Denuclearization" drill, which kicks off January 28. The Joint Chiefs of Staff will meet Friday and decide whether to intensify the drills to include long-range artillery and U.S. weapons fired from the ground, which is never allowed by the South. The exercises are a step toward establishing a more co-ordinated defense across the Korean Peninsula. South Korea is launching ballistic missiles from deep inside its soil and carrying out combat exercises with the U.S. Army, the White House said in January. South Korean missiles landed on Guam in February, but South Korea's national defense officials contend it was an accidental situation that no one in South Korea was injured. Another U.S. missile strike on a South Korean military position this month killed five U.S. service members, government officials said. The North has threatened to attack Seoul and other U.S. targets as the military exercises, if it decides to launch them. Yet another military exercise, the Korean Freedom Guardian, holds three field groups responsible for joint drill, the South Korean Defense Ministry said.
(CNN) -- China's National People's Congress (NPC) meets every year and brings about 3,000 national delegates together in Beijing's Great Hall of the People to discuss government reports, pass legislation and formalize appointments of government officials.|||The Chinese National Congress, or NPC, has just concluded in Beijing. The 90-year-old event, with its raucous speeches and roars of the patriotic music of The Beatles, is a showcase for the Communist Party's propaganda machine. This year's body, the Chinese Communist Party, voted in enough delegates from the various regions of the country to assure the rules and regulations will be in place for the 2014 session, in which the nation's heads of state will make final decrees on important issues affecting the lives of citizens and have further positive impact on its economy. China faces several major challenges this year, with an unprecedented drought in rice prices. The soybean harvest is expected to bring a sharp drop in food prices in the future as China has slowed its rice production to 50% of the global average. At the same time, political volatility persists. The government continues to overhaul its taxation system, which has been hit by a string of failed reforms. But despite the frequent conflict with the West, the protesters continue to be a growing threat, with some protesters in hundreds of cities across China. "The United States on Saturday stirred a new movement of the Chinese people against the corrupt economic leadership in China," said a petition demanding more than 900 million yuan ($90.9 million) in compensation for farmers and victims of the violence. "The Chinese people have never before been forced to settle for such a mess," the petition said. More than 70 million Chinese now live outside China, making them vulnerable to violence. The People's Daily reported Sunday that the National People's Congress will also approve hundreds of laws to amend the country's constitution, and that anti-corruption advocates had "justly raged" over the disappearance of a man after the killers fatally shot the man, while his bodyguard was speeding through the capital Friday night. Hong Kong's Financial Times reported that the Chinese authorities are expected to provide compensation of up to $40 million to the man, about 12 years after he was convicted of murder.
(CNN) -- Piracy is expected to pick up in the high seas off Somalia after a lull caused by monsoon season, maritime officials warned Monday.|||The Somalia's Maritime Security Officials told CNN that they had information that a number of Indonesian vessels coming over had entered the waters from Somali waters. The attack came as tourist arrivals to the Horn of Africa maritime territory were being delayed, the Coast Guard has said. Private parties want to leave their ships by the September 4 deadline, but the port operations it had been expecting have since been scrapped. The situation is complicated because of international law -- which prohibits pirates from entering Somalia at all, particularly between the months of May and September. Previously, the border between Somalia and Kenya was shared between Indonesia and Nigeria, meaning Indonesian vessels were operating, according to the World Maritime Organization. The agency warned the groups to obey. "Adverse events or turbulent conditions are likely, with maritime activities from the high seas to the Indian Ocean increasing," it said in a statement. The maritime incident comes as U.S. and Brazilian maritime officials discuss plans to meet the Djibouti port's Piracy Prevention Framework. The board intends to visit Kenyan ports on Tuesday to examine the situation with the fishermen who are charged with attacking the vessels, according to state-run news agency SAI. Despite the recent lull of piracy, a few incidents have taken place. Somalia reported 12 island-flagged vessels to be seized by pirates off Somalia, according to police. The latest ship from Argentina, MV "Simor," was captured in July, Somali police said. The vessel was part of a container ship that "scurried in, took out" two other vessels in the same area, navy officials said, but those vessels were not seized. When the coast guards returned to patrol boats off the Somali coast, pirates were not detected. Navy officials said they tried to protect at least one vessel, but were unsuccessful. The ships were made out of plastic bags to prevent damage to their hulls. Some have drifted ashore. The shipping data was based on 1,500 recent hours, the most recent available.
(CNN) -- Google's technology certainly can map out driving directions and organize e-mail (or even make cars drive themselves). But can its digital tools take down drug cartels?|||" by this writer in the New York Times, Carola Peltzi reports. Armada and Mexican authorities arrested a young woman while she was trying to take out the villainous Silk Road cartel in the southern Mexican state of Guerrero. She was wearing a shirt emblazoned with the letters "DOGS," an abbreviation for Google. The kidnapping wasn't discovered in 2009, but did it happen six years later or so? In that moment, authorities seemed to have found their final drug operative, Lache Figueroa, alias Fidel. "I first learned of the operation when the boys made contact with someone in prison. At that time, I immediately contacted Google and told them about this Mexican drug kingpin," Figueroa said in the Times. "This is all six years later and they still haven't come up with anything." Only a few months ago, we reported on some of the random, dangerous incidents found in Mexican cartels. This investigation revealed a dozen young people arrested for cocaine possession on June 9 and June 12 and demanded a reward in the amount of $1 million. At one point, a sergeant was even captured and booked in front of the Texas congressional chamber in a handcuffs. Last month, a judge found a Mexican-German woman guilty of drug possession in the central Mexico city of Juarez, including conspiracy, aggravated sexual assault and weapons violations. Six of the victims were 8-year-olds. She was sentenced to five years and three months, on February 23. Before the trial, Fergusson was questioned for allegedly making arrests of two men, one of whom admitted to police that he was carrying cocaine -- not marijuana -- at a wedding reception at a nearby liquor store. Her most serious accusations? Messing with an employee's 911 call while drunk. "That's when I shot him," he told jurors. "I just wanted the cops to have the money to go and arrest him." Fergusson ultimately committed no crimes and was fired by his employer, Microsoft, in September 2008. Fergusson had done nothing wrong, he said, and he wanted the phone to be returned to his mother. Google thinks that it can control the answers. In 2013, the web giant said it could stop ice cream sold at a Mexican border crossing. Fergusson's latest posts suggest that this technological might open Pandora's Box. "We can have our product get pushed into the country and for those who care about the children to understand that it is a really valuable resource for those who desperately need it," Fergusson wrote. How would an algorithm being "sent" to a location by a user be used for this? "I will be working on an algorithm specifically for this," Fergusson said. "I will be trying to include how the tool can be used as a tool for informing a decision." And like all successful tech companies, Google has its shortcomings. By today's standards, iReport has been a mixed bag. It states that traffic-related deaths have risen due to violence, but Google says it has responded to these deaths effectively in recent years. Traffic fatalities have decreased in the United States, largely because local police have taken better measures. However, authorities in some states are tracking down stolen vehicles and rescuing them from local police, from kidnapping suspects and from other suspected criminals. A recent article in Politico focused on the direct impact of Google Maps' smartphone app and app store on Black Friday traffic.
(CNN) -- A centuries-old copy of a 500-year-old map that christened the New World as "America" has been discovered at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich -- folded and wedged inside of an old book, according to a release on the university's website.|||Theencyclopedia passed from one human to another as the map was laid out. It was found inside a cloth pouch on the back of a sweater in the library of the University of Ludwig Maximilian's School of Medicine in Munich. The stomach-shaped pack was still in a garbage bag, but university officials took it for a mystery, and later discovered the contents. Inside were fragments of the map and other memorabilia from the various European explorers who traveled to the New World. "The discovery gives us immense hope for the future, especially for Americans interested in understanding the indigenous peoples of our homeland," said professor Dr. Klaus Nendel, head of library facilities. The find, documented in the Munich News Tribune last year, was made in the 1860s, when Nendel and other scientists were building a planned new library in the university, he told reporters. At the time, the map was rumored to be as old as the 19th century. It would have been made at the beginning of World War II and catalogued as the "Map of the New World." About 250,000 people came to the region during the war's initial years, according to the university. "While the find, which was made at a place called Kendenhof in southern Germany, and other researchers, are extremely excited by it," said German President Joachim Gauck. The University of Munich also posted on its Web site a picture of the map, showing a patch of sky that showed it was deteriorating as it was "set against clouds, skies and saltwater," a bit less than a meter wide. Researchers say they hope to study the map, said Kathrin Hertz, the university's vice president and director of research, to help convey the idea that millions of people arrived in the New World during the Spanish era. In addition, they hope to study the "the geographical and cultural significance of the maps," Hertz said. Archaeologists have also found pieces of other ancient maps -- including those found at Topeka, Kansas, and in Berlin, Germany. The books come from the so-called "Munich Bible," the university news release said. The book was originally written about 1675. Now, scholars are working to unearth the underlying source of the maps. "The secrets of map making remain only in the teaching and proofreading of the manuscript, suggesting that a few key events contributed to the discovery," the release said. "Scientists searching the manuscript and other items in the volume prove that the map's authenticity is assured." The fragments were found on October 9 in a locker in the university's Library of Medicine. The library of medicine archives was located in Haufsdorf, in Bavaria. The library specializes in not just rare rare and imported books, but as well-preserved German text books. U.S. maps are based at the U.S. Navy's National Library of Natural History. Homeowners, who may not be aware, were in line to purchase maps. The discovery was made in the museum of Gerlach and Mayermanheim in Leipzig, Germany. Measuring itself at a distance from the Statue of Liberty in New York, the map showed New World nameless territory: land occupied by the American colonists. According to a N.Y.I. report in The New York Times, a map found in a bottle in Germany showed a view of the United States used to describe the New World as a vast world seen from other continents. That map was dated 1644, even before the discovery that the New World was real and that U.S. North America began as a European land mass. But the world of maps quickly changed and new continents began to emerge, according to Bertolt Brecht, professor of philology and literature at Claremont McKenna College in California.
(CNN) -- You might remember the ad campaign "Bo knows baseball. Bo knows football." But these days sports legend Bo Jackson knows charity.|||A response of his record 66 victories, scandal and hope to repeat millions in donations. Bo Jackson, who won the 1996 Mr. Basketball Game in the United States and for the 1992 U.S. Olympic team at the London Games, arrived in London on Friday to meet and greet people for the charity dinner at Wembley Stadium. Jackson hosted the event on Saturday night. "I came here to say thank you and everyone in the wonderful town of Wembley has reached out to support basketball and to help support a future game, " Jackson told the NBC Sports Network. "The goal is to sell as much tickets as possible. "The biggest thing we're doing is helping people in England because sport is a fantastic business." Jackson said about his charity initiative. "I always liked giving at this age -- there is just so much to do." Sporting News posted their interview with Jackson, appearing on the Conan O'Brien show. "I always think, 'Bo knows basketball. Bo knows football," Jackson said at the time. "I have to remind people that, yes, he's very good at the sport. He's lucky for this gig and he obviously has a great connection with the people. He's a great guy, he's gonna go far in life." Showbiz's Robinson Center is working with many sports organizations as well as major sports teams in boosting sports literacy across the U.S. and abroad. "It's a good place to volunteer -- it's a great community," Jackson said. "Your city, it's the greatest place in the world to be," he told the audience. "When I know there is a hole, I'm going to fill it." He named the charity, the Volunteers of America United for America, a nation of diverse families throughout all socioeconomic backgrounds. "We're a community that's not defined by football, not soccer, not basketball, not all the other sports; we are a collection of people we consider friends, we think of each other, we need each other to give," Jackson said. "We work together and we're all connected to a greater purpose and we're all in it together." A bill of goods could be in the works by 2011.
(CNN) -- Opening arguments are scheduled for Monday in Philadelphia in the first case in which an official of a Roman Catholic archdiocese has been accused of protecting abusive priests by moving them from parish to parish.|||DefenseJurors have heard from 24 witnesses, including current and former bishops, about abuse allegations. Episcopal Church authorities have acknowledged that priests have abused over 300 children over the past decade in the country's largest Roman Catholic diocese, although the figure doesn't include cases in Germany. The findings of the American Church's investigation uncovered evidence of the abuse. But on Monday, defense attorneys said the trial should "lay bare clear, decisive evidence" that their church has not adequately investigated its own men, or failed to step in to stop the growing cases of abuse. It's the first time the church's most powerful members have gone on trial. Those trials that have been held previously include former Pope John Paul II's persecution of gays in 1972, the Vatican's move to quash sodomy statutes in 1995 and crimes against children, including drug abuse, between 1950 and 1970. The trial will begin Tuesday. Archdiocese of Philadelphia lawyer Eugene Cosenza, who was brought up in Drexel University, said his client offered evidence Friday. He said Diocese employees, told Cosenza, were the "primary conduits for the abuse."
(CNN) -- China's top banker has pulled out of the International Monetary Fund meetings in Tokyo Wednesday in a move widely seen as a protest for the ongoing dispute between Japan and China over islands in the East China Sea.|||His position was announced by Zhu Yonggang of China's Association of Association of International Finance Superintendents in Tokyo late Tuesday, amid diplomatic tensions in the region. "Jinping made a statement today (Wednesday) night about the foreign countries participating in this week's trip as well as their participation in the upcoming Asian Economic and Security Summit in India," State-run Xinhua news agency reported. Liu said China's board was analyzing the will of the 17-member Group of 20, which represents states with growing economic, political, and intellectual clout. Liu said China may submit a proposal at the end of next week to the full Group of 20 on accepting or declining IMF membership, Xinhua said. China has said it will not send representatives to the council, which has political ties to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and members of the central government and religious leaders. Four senior members of Japan's cabinet also cut their trips from Tokyo, including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Prime Minister Abe cut his visit for the upcoming Pacific meeting in Tokyo late last week amid tensions in the region. He blamed the Chinese for an economic slowdown and their actions in the region, saying there were many reasons for his decision to pull out.
America's food police are patrolling and arresting suspicious French dairy products, which are either delicious cheese or a bacteria-laden menace.  You decide.|||At a French cheesery has reaped the benefits of good customer service as the cheeky conspiracy behind it could force France's cheese industry to clean up its act.  Read more of today's Top 10 Stocks of the Week.
What a sweet snapshot: Mom, dad, the baby boy ... and two charming canines.|||One mom and baby actually got a two-legged prue and a one-legged prissy dog to play with. "Our new puppy was born and we all took the chance that he should grow up," Patrick Brody said at a social networking post. "He was definitely our best surprise." ... "He's a Doberman Pincher," a spokeswoman for the Poindexter Kennels in West Virginia wrote on the post, adding that the family doesn't breed dogs. "Your dog is obviously special, looking at him and loving on him." "We're blessed to be his parents, his doting father and now we have a gorgeous puppy on our hands," Brooke Brody's husband added. "I'm very excited!" Celebrity dogs have taught babies how to spot their siblings. They can't forget about them when a loved one passes out. A photo posted by the Poindexter Kennel's Facebook page shows a baby bear being carried on one of its legs. Phewww, what a surprise. ... The parents clearly love this new addition to their family. Soon after he was born, Brooks Brody tweeted: "Puppy!!" The photo went viral with thousands of retweets, including within hours on Amazon's photo-sharing site. More than 8,000 shares were shared within about a day of the post. Brooks' dog Max made an appearance on the post as well. It's clear that Brooks and his doggy aren't the only ones looking for a good time. Bubby had a play date with the pooch in small town Kansas on June 14. The two, like the rest of the family, were the only members of the neighborhood to attend Brooks' birthday party, which was held June 16. A jogger from nearby Kennedy High School had fun running with the kids, while having fun with the dog walker. "The dog's so cute," the mom wrote, adding that the kids were "thinking of being bad sometimes." Jeff Brody posted a picture of baby Louis, who appears in the photo, wearing a white sports coat and shaggy dog haircut. It seems Brooklyn will be a big dog! ... Yes, we're aware that the dog is actually a Belgian shepherd. They are a three-person household but police officers said the pups are shut together at the moment. "Even with puppies it is really distressing. If you want to keep them quiet and pretend it is fine with your children," said the police. The newlywed has an assistant overseeing the dog walking. "Thank goodness," Oliver Scofield tweeted at first. "Least to wakening the pooch." The babies are cute and so are the parents. It's great to see one another so close together.  Watch them together.
(CNN)In the midst of the color debate, there's one thing the Internet does seem to agree upon.|||Anders have spoken, approvingly or otherwise, of while protesting plans to turn seats in Houston's new Altitude Tower into darkened rooms. "We need to see how many of these, at least, signs come down," said one YouTube user. Another, however, said the decision should go back to the original plan. "Even if it's only a few," added Mica Blake, of #SPAMldown, "the point is that this is how an adventure should look. Looking and feeling the spaces in between is the best place for creating a new paradigm of human interaction." Other users said they would agree about the wicker lights, for instance. "It is hard to envision the day that is dark and out there. You could be blind -- we would make you blind," wrote Tracer, of Houston, Texas. "We have you, just so you could see your past. That's what we came to believe: dark light." The Facebook site also featured an image calling on fans to support efforts to bring back dark colored seats. The images were set to the sounds of “Daylight Saving Time,” along with a message for viewers: "Please stand up for young people who don't have access to color. The future of skin care and self-care must include people of color." The colors are based on the spectrum of indigo, the pastel color of black. "These color schemes reflect a period of the redefined human reality where most (and some white) communities have erased true humanity from their culture," wrote Alana Vigott, of San Francisco, California. And in search of pockets of the modern black community, the person suggested: "Do some soul searching. If you prefer vibrant, intense colors, encourage the designer of your shade of color to create a design that displays all of humanity." "The only thing the president can truly command on this matter is his political positions," concluded Graddy.com and CNN contributor Jimmy Johnson.
(Mashable) -- Apple's production partners are already hard at work on the new model of iPad, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.|||BuzzFeedback has been positive about the latest incremental update to Apple's iPad, but the official first day for Thanksgiving sales takes us by surprise. Here's why:Our orders indicate that a new version of the iPad Pro comes this November in stores. Also, the 10.5-inch model carries an option to replace the present 13.9-inch model on the iPad Pro, which in recent months has experienced production problems. Apple, which first unveiled its new iPad last November, has seemingly lost touch with customers who had reservations. A few early adopters tell us it could be Apple's canceled first iPad Pro. With the rumored changes, customers wonder what will happen if Apple decides to dump its existing iPad Pro lineup. At the moment, as of Wednesday, there are mixed reports about the new iPad 3, although Early-Access models like the 41-inch iPad have also been receiving production issues. The iPhone 6 may run the new iPad Pro, but the model with last year's 12.9-inch model, which had production problems, will still be among the most advanced and sleek at this point.
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Tyler Perry has, for the first time, revealed graphic details about the sexual, physical and emotional abuse he says he suffered as a child.|||" I see that the "decoding music video" could help alter perceptions of what it means to be abused, which keeps me in the process of feeling less privileged than my father. "I'm going to leave the door open -- and probably put more of you on that bus -- to speak up, I'm talking to you!" Perry shouted to us from the front row of his palace in Georgia's capital. He then dismissed a bystander as he exited in front of him, implying that he knew who was trying to pull him down. Perry said the motivation for his video was to have a show about abuse. He didn't stop there, explaining that he was facing similar abuse as he grew up in Louisiana. As part of his autobiography, "The Despicable Me 2," published by Harper's Bazaar in 2009, Perry said he found some answers to some of his most critical questions. As he watched the video, he came to realize what others may assume: "There is a world that I would never be in, and have no idea where it comes from." Perry explained that there was no one explanation, not even the organization he works for, Capital Vision. "This is all me feeling right now," Perry told us. But he didn't say so explicitly and didn't attempt to clear up questions about his father's assault. "He just kind of put that up there," he said of his father. When he was forced to watch. that box "is like saying, 'Watch out, I'm coming in,'" says Perry of when he found out that his dad was going to beat him. "I don't know what it is or how to live with that." Perry said he couldn't do anything about it then. He has said the abuse lasted for years. "It was worse than it was supposed to be. I had no power over anybody in this whole deal, and I was abused in the closet by someone that I loved," Perry said. "I was every bit as traumatized by being a foster child as I was by being sexually abused." To clarify: Perry, who has a few steps to go, wasn't abused. Perry's father was a widower. He had a supportive wife and lived at the owner's of a trailer where the abuse happened. Perry said he was allowed to trust him. It all ended with his father's death. When I was about 9 years old, my grandparents' letters to my mother pleading for help found their way to Perry. "What are you going through?" he writes in the book. "The raw, flesh and blood heartache is brutal." Perry has said it was at a time when "someone inside me was shoving you in the closet with a cardboard box" -- a nickname he didn't use, he told us. So Perry was forced to use psychological counseling, which he still does. During his counseling, Perry went through what he called a "liminal memory." Perry said the tapes, which he said were reported to be inaccurate, reflected his own grief. "I couldn't put words to what happened to me." He also said he blames his parents, because he always believed they would protect him, his brother, two other brothers, a sister and his friend. The Johnson family in Texas "fought for their own lives." Their terms that Perry didn't listen to don't carry over to his movie, said Perry. In February, he was stripped of his Oscar nomination. Perry gave me permission to publish the video for my book. Afterward, I asked for permission to do so. "In my book, the writings that I give represent a person's authentic perspective. And if you wouldn't care to hear about that, that's fine," Perry said. "But I'm going to go ahead and give it to you anyway."
Saudi Arabia has arrested 88 men who were part of a terrorist network, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday.|||MohAbu Bakr Hussain bin Abdullah, also known as Abu Sattar, was behind the attacks, state-run Saudi Press Agency said, citing Interior Ministry spokesman Prince Saud bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud. Two Saudi Arabian men arrested on Monday were already dead. Thirty other men remain in detention. There were five other suspects in prison, authorities said. Jailed men also have been charged over the murder of 13 people, according to the ministry. Some of the officials said the arrests took place in the northwest of the country, in the southern province of Jizan. The news comes after seven major Saudi cities were the subject of raids by Saudi security forces. Authorities executed more than 30 men in central Riyadh. Nine more men were found with real estate deals on the Arabian Peninsula. Arms smugglers also were arrested in the major city of Jiddah, the ministry said. It said at least 48 men were held by security forces and security agencies. The majority of those arrested were men who were members of an al Qaeda-linked network operating in the southern Saudi Arabia, the Interior Ministry said. Al Qaeda said it constituted a terrorist organization in 1999 when it was founded. The following year it attacked targets in eastern Saudi Arabia and killed 11 people, including a Saudi citizen. Later, its leadership split apart, leaving a rift that led the group to to raise its flag at the top of the Supreme Council of the Islamic Supreme Council. In 2013, an Islamic State-affiliated group designated it as a terrorist organization, the Middle East media said. The group says it has gained close ties with Yemen's Houthi rebels, who carried out the attacks on Saudi Arabia, leading to attacks on Saudi homes and mosques. The six years it detained Hisham al-Owaisi also provided support to the Shiite-led rebels. The king, Jaid al-Jaskh, issued a decree in April ending the years of loyalty among members of the country's armed forces. "The party and effort of the Armed Forces in response to the attacks will have no surprise to us," he said. He denied ordering the military to disband the police and praised authorities for the success of the operation against extremists. "The government of Saudi Arabia is alive and well, and our opposition to terrorism is frustrated," he added. The arrests were part of a crackdown on suspected terrorists throughout the country. These included K.O.S.A. and one of the Hisham al-Owaisi brothers, Abdul Ghani al-Jawshi, the Interior Ministry said. The Interior Ministry said in a statement that officials questioned three of the men who were arrested, Qais Harithi, Younis Salim Yousufi, and Hamad. Officials said Al-Owaisi is also behind a 29-year-old man arrested for plotting to assassinate King Abdullah. Ehsan Jabr, who is considered a close associate of the king, was detained at gunpoint last month, the ministry said. Hisham al-Owaisi also admits his involvement in the 2009 Basij-National Security Council, but denies involvement in attacks targeting the public. In an exchange of messages with reporters, al-Jawhiri suggested that he may not have been behind the attacks on Saudi reporters. State-run Press Agency Saudi Press Agency reported that al-Jawhiri also has been summoned to an al-Aziz meeting, but Interior Minister Abdul Aziz bin Abdullah denied this. Police are investigating three additional men for unspecified crimes.
A medical doctor-turned Libertarian Senate candidate in Iowa died when a plane he was piloting crashed  around 11 p.m. Monday.|||A- Advertisement - Political commentator John Czajewski, who represents Iowa, has died in a crash on the airport tarmac in Davenport. Czajewski, 49, was in his plane flying in support of the Libertarian gubernatorial candidate, Joni Ernst. He was heading to the airport in Cedar Rapids for an evening rally. When Czajewski suddenly landed safely, he left the plane and then was heard screaming around the corners. Davenport Police Lt. Bob Wheeler said Czajewski was still on the plane and did not immediately respond to a request for information. Investigators said Czajewski was the pilot of the plane at the time of the accident. However, other details of the accident were not immediately available. The crash happened around 11 p.m. Monday. Czajewski had made it halfway from Oskaloosa to Ames, Iowa, for a political rally where he was scheduled to speak about Republicans and Democrats. Three hours later, the plane began landing again and he hopped out, reaching to check his tire pressure. Czajewski went into the cockpit and declared himself President of the Iowa Libertarian Party and handed in his driver's license, which Czajewski had obtained, Wheeler said. The state received six calls about the crash on Monday and the report found the plane had an extra engine. A person on the ground could hear Czajewski screaming that he had been shot, Wheeler said. Of course, that event played out in the national media. Czajewski had both left in 2015 after the first primary runoff election. So neither Czajewski nor his opponent were in the Hawkeye State for a presidential election until after November's election. Czajewski had been trying to campaign for Democrat Joni Ernst, who lost to Republican incumbent Mitt Romney. Czajewski's death leaves Czajewski without a job. In March, election watchers called on his wife to step down from her health care job. On Tuesday, Reynolds-Gattoni officially withdrew from the race and is now a senator-elect. The race to replace Czajewski as state treasurer was drawn as he sought to resign from his seat. Czajewski had been in the race for about three years, according to the Des Moines Register. Czajewski was the only Libertarian to run for office, which captured four Republican contests this year. He had co-authored a book with John Czajewski. The state said he was not prepared for a statewide election. The cause of the crash is under investigation. CNN's Bob Schieffer contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- You don't find too many happy stories in the aftermath of a tornado, but Spc. Jacob Montgomery is telling one.|||The video is a series of moving images, including a recent one on CNN's All in a Day project, of two men who are married after being "soldered" to help rescue people. Together they work to turn the tornado that came three weeks ago into a shelter of sorts. "Our deployment is a surreal experience but we are thankful that our guys did their job and they are safe," Montgomery said. "We are thankful to have the additional troopers to help us." "There is so much joy in the country and we have the country's support," Montgomery said of the White House Emergency Operations Center. "It's wonderful, but at times it's overwhelming." CNN's Steve Church, Ken Barnard, Jay Barrat and Greg Hutchinson contributed to this report.
The discovery of three young women missing for a decade in Cleveland immediately raised the hopes of the family of a fourth missing woman.|||What's The 99 is missing. The "Thirst" sign stands in four-and-a-half-point town near the Cleveland suburbs, near the entrance to a sewer treatment plant. The First Choptank Group spokesman said the signs along Runyon Rd. hold clues to how Amalia Gilliland -- or sometimes more simply Amalia -- was abducted more than 17 years ago. The family has already gained hope after authorities got two DNA profiles in August -- a girl and a boy from the area. But they remain under investigation. "The most we can hope for is a piece of a puzzle that links our family to justice," said Dan Parent, who lost Amalia Gilliland over 17 years ago and is the 28th person in this Ohio county to be taken into custody for kidnapping, police said. In August, Cleveland police said authorities had a tip of a break in the abduction and put Amanda Guzman, the 27-year-old woman who was last seen fleeing Cleveland with Adairah Corona, back into the Midwest in 2003. Police said a criminal investigation had been launched, but the Michigan native, who was a foster child, has never been charged or arrested. Investigators said they cannot say whether Morgan Prudhomme, 19, was in contact with her childhood home or how she came to be trapped in that complex with the home's animal husbandry and suspected serial killer, Charles Tate. Authorities have stopped digging in the park around where the women's bodies were found -- but expect to find more as they clean it up. Detectives have not found any new evidence leading them to believe that Gary Guzman abducted Gilliland. They are seeking tips to assist in the investigation. The discovery of three young women missing for more than a decade on the grounds of a railroad track also raises questions about where other bodies may be. Aron Jiddow, Cindy Moll and Cheryl Alexander were each reported missing in 2003 and were found August 7 after being reported missing in Lake County. Police told the Cleveland Plain Dealer they did not know what they were looking for or how they came to be located. Investigators have not told anybody else what the teens' names are. The leads from different abductions have been inconclusive because of potential inconsistencies in how they were captured, including reports about eyewitnesses, police said. Three of the six remained missing Wednesday, April 5. The bodies were found about 12 miles (20 kilometers) from Cleveland. The bodies of Alexander and Gamma must be in the woods near the railroad. Moll said she's been following leads after her father told police that a friendly, hard-working man who lives in Wyoming reportedly kidnapped her. "I'm glad these families have found this horrible, awful man," she said.
Caracas, Venezuela (CNN) -- A manual recount of votes isn't possible in Venezuela, the head of the country's Supreme Court said Wednesday, suggesting there is no legal basis for the opposition's push for a ballot-by-ballot audit of the narrow presidential election results.|||Several's last major rally was last week in Caracas, where Venezuela held a disputed election in which left-leaning actor Carlos Almodovar made an unexpectedly competitive comeback to become president. Unimpressive though the polls were, Chavez won almost 72 percent of the votes. Opponents on the opposition side contend Chavez, the Falcon Party secretary-general, needs more votes because of an air pollution outbreak, chronic shortages of gas, attacks on the economy, and soaring unemployment. But U.S. President Barack Obama has rejected the idea of returning Chavez to office while investigating the accusations against him of election fraud, saying such a move would have serious consequences. "This is an issue of principle," Obama said in his final presidential speech in March at the United Nations, his last statement in the campaign trail before his December visit to South Africa. "For the foreign government, electoral fraud never stops." The election has been virtually impenetrable by rebels, with numerous rival party camps charging with voter suppression and widespread fraud. "Who operates here has no power, they have no legitimacy, they have no rights," state prosecutor Tarek Terrell told CNN. He insisted Venezuela has access to the money it needs to pay for an audit. Caracas Mayor Freddy Guevara said he would "disapprove of any constitutional order that will interfere" in the election. The opposition had called on the Supreme Court on Tuesday to conduct a preliminary vote recount of the ballots cast in the December 7 referendum to count only the 2.7 million votes that the Supreme Court counts as legitimate. That vote has been referred to the Constitutional Tribunal, which is expected to make its recommendation this week. "This action has no legal basis," the opposition leader-turned-lawmaker Gustavo Perez told CNN affiliate Universal. "The entire country, including the Supreme Court, is just mad at those [Venezuelan] officers," he said. A four-member audit commission has been created to accept what the opposition leadership's opposition leaders described as suspiciously close elections results. The National Electoral Council and the National Electoral Council say the results of the December election are accurate. The figure of one percent for state-run oil giant PDVSA, which won 64 of the vote-sharing votes, varies between all 19 provinces. Early projections put Chavez ahead of Almodovar and his backers, both of whom say their election winning effort is legitimate. The poll was declared legitimate by independent investigators in Venezuela, Mexico and Canada. Chavez has also called for an independent examination of past election results in a bid to counter allegations of voter suppression in the contested vote. U.S. Gov. Bill Richardson called the alleged fraud a "fabrication." US President Barack Obama was not officially invited to the summit.
PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania (CNN)  -- If you're out of work like Steve Lippe, who was laid off from his job as a salesman in January, you know you already have problems. But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment debit card, he became livid.|||Z.  #drifting," his phone message read. "Please do what you want," he wrote in the text, then left the number and a telephone number. But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment card, he became livid. "I haven't been cut," he said. If the employers don't want you, he urged them, there's no right way to tell you how you could lose your job. "You have to explain it to me, where I can look for a job in the next 20 minutes." "It's overbearing," his wife, Carol, told him. "It's like the flu," he added. "It starts the minute you put the money on the card. It's infected."  . . He said the "eyes on the bottom of the card, and the bottom is sinking into your soul." Lippe, 53, describes his unemployment benefits as a form of federal benefits. He's out $25,000 a month. He didn't expect that many checks. He said he's not paying, so he knows it's going to take at least a year to re-pay the rent or buy a car. "The papers are [expletive deleted], and I am just going to file a class action suit. I have very high expectations to get out of this," he said. No mistake. No one is getting out of this job for free. No one. "It's no joke," Lippe said. "You can't just disappear," he said. "You have to fight for it."  Still, he added, "I don't know how to get out of it." "I have no idea how I'm going to get out of this." After asking his wife and three children to meet him at a nearby company store, he went to a nearby fast-food restaurant. But the owners wouldn't serve him, he said. Lippe went on to say the restaurant then made him "unpayable," saying, "Well, how am I going to pay?" The next day, he went back to his job. According to a news report, Lippe got laid off from American Airlines. There were no outstanding unemployment claims, but a source familiar with the matter said they didn't turn up any liens on his unemployment benefits. With unemployment payments in the millions, the bad letters and blackouts make sense, the source said. They give the claimants a really nice, long rope to pull their insurance benefits even though they may be vulnerable to fraud and significant debt in the future, he said.   = "Pat's Not Getting Off."
(CNN) -- Gonzalo Higuain scored his first Serie A goals since October as third-placed Napoli earned a morale-boosting 4-2 win at Lazio on Monday.|||Alazidi striker Gonzalo Higuain helped his side earn a victory over Lazio in the Italian Serie A for the first time since he returned from injury on November 9. Higuain netted a penalty and a penalty spot-kick before unleashing another on 30 minutes. He completed his hat-trick when he latched on to a low cross from Lorenzo Insigne."We won the game under the difficult conditions," Napoli coach Maurizio Sarri said. "No player was allowing us to leave the pitch fearing conceding goals. I have great confidence in Gianfranco Zola but will work to get the team the win."Bylu added a goal to Stefano Sturaro's opener before Salvatore Sirigu added a third in the second half. Lorenzo Insigne went closest for Napoli when he headed over after a Tomas Rincon cross, but was denied by goalkeeper Fabio Cannavaro in the fifth minute after some tight defending. But the champions did not waste much time, levelling with Victor Valdes a minute before halftime. Roma forward N.K. Milik sent home a brilliant cross just after halftime, which fed Icardi for a fifth after 35 minutes to give Roma an unbeatable lead. Meanwhile, Emre Can grabbed another late consolation to reduce Lazio's arrears. Milivojevic, who had fired home his side's previous six penalties, slid past Bartra, leaving Leonardo Bonucci to turn home a late comeback. "It was a long day for Lazio who have had tough games, a lot of difficult decisions made and I would like to thank coach Garibaldi for his and his staff's professionalism," said Giraudebo Traore, who scored a third for the champions. "I had to celebrate because we battled until the end with the goal. We had been desperate."
You squirt it on your hands as you catch the office elevator for lunch, and then again on your way home. You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen, too -- and you use them often.|||The procedure is complex, so hard-to-understand that it's necessary for you to take an AT&T camera when you're planning a trip to visit India. How do you find out? Well, that's why you need three bottles. Take one that's ready for you to drink. Tap it in the shaving kit and you're good to go. The decontamination usually takes a few hours, though in reality, it's only a matter of a few moments. When you think about it, how many times have you opened this thing? Take the bottles and emptied them on each other -- every morning, before you eat breakfast, lunch or dinner -- each time taking your shower and dressing for work the same way. Sometimes the difference between washing your hands and washing your hair by hand is as much as a few hundredths of an inch. It's more like cutting off the front of a toothbrush at the root, using the tool at the end instead. Most recent experiments confirmed that most people who have bulked up by the obesity epidemic weren't really ingesting enough food to see benefits. Yes, before they quit, they did eat the bad stuff, but then they were already eating the junk food that caused the obesity epidemic. Why pick up extra calories and add more calories after you're done, or are you even aware of the calories you're eating? And why do you even need a shower in the first place? Just give yourself a few minutes and hit the coffee pot. It seems like an afterthought, but it's worth the time to keep using the stuff. Why? Too often, people throw goop in front of you when it's convenient, to miss completely on a surface that's where everybody is waiting to reach it. If you want to minimize the mess, turn off the tap at the same time. Love to smother the problem with soapy water. Watching it in a different light certainly helps, since the last experiment involved two different heating pads that didn't cap correctly. That's another reason to get it in order before swishing it around all day and at night, right? Plus, you can use any frequency to separate the goop from the minerals -- they're not separated. So what makes all the difference if you want your hands to get wet and not dry? Purifying water seems to work. Do I see a problem? Yep, people everywhere use tap water too. You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen, too -- and you use them for many things. One common one, though, was after you finished visiting the state capitol in Canberra. You must wash the front steps (yawn!) of your building three times. Yes, you would have to wait for someone. The easiest way to prevent drinking water is to use a small container, and in most cases, it's only about one liter. The next you have to throw together a supply of biodegradable napkins to use on the cleaning station. This is one tricky "bathtub disease" that falls to the carpet floor, the hills of high building, or whatever. It may not be in the bathroom, but it's definitely in the kitchen, when there's an open plan. These are the bigger problems. Few are easily noticed when you're touching cupcake warmers on your kitchen counter, spraying a few globes of goop on each other. There's no doubt that it's a waste of time and money, and the environment is ruined because of the pollution.
(CNN) -- Lawmakers in Moscow moved Friday to ban Americans from adopting Russian children, passing a bill that imposes a series of sanctions on U.S. interests, state media reported.|||Sunday in a vote that is aimed at punishing the government for the release of the women during "a state vacation organized by the Kremlin." Most Americans adopt Russian children, making many in the U.S. and Europe eligible to adopt them, after the U.S. state department announced its ban in March. Russia's lawmakers passed the bill Friday by a vote of 206-23. State-run RIA Novosti newspaper reported that 100 Russian children -- 57 of them American -- will be banned, a measure the U.S. State Department confirmed. The White House calls it "an unjustifiable measure" aimed at punishing Russia. Lawmakers in the Russian Federation said they are pleased with the bill. "The emissaries of Washington are happy that they can present the legislation now," spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters. U.S. and Russian officials have warned the group not to expand the ban, since some adopting children live in the U.S. and are staying there, Peskov said. The proposed law "reflects our strong and unequivocal position on the level of adoption," Peskov said. The Russian Orthodox Church has urged its followers to join the organization, and the Russian Orthodox Church argues that illegal adoption of U.S. children is harmful to the institution's image, which was brought to the forefront this month. A statement from the Kremlin refused to confirm the legislation. In a statement Friday, the White House condemned the Russian government's move to ban adoptions and said the ban violates the spirit of the new American law. "Our outrage, if not the letter," the statement said. "The unthinkable actions of the Russian state," the State Department said, adding that it is opposed to "any attempt to silence, censor or restrict the free speech of Americans and foreigners regarding their adoption of Russian children." CNN's Marah Stelter, Michèle Rojas and Emma Parker contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The true test of patience is peering for hours into a microscope waiting for a rotifer to open its mouth so you can snap a quick photo.|||Just yesterday spent 12 hours sitting through on the microscope for what some see as an easy photoshoot. Sure, it's good to have a good picture, and sometimes it's even better to have the most wonderful surprise moments that reveal what's really on the other side of the lens. But it's not as simple as taking a photo of a few seconds of light suspended over an insect. A scary meeting with a landed reptile is not just about the long exposure times. There's the ordeal that comes after. And do not be fooled into believing there's no pain when you see the belly of an iguanoid or an otherwise unappealing insect. The infamous 'lizard's jaw' tick opens unexpectedly and weighs down on you. Is the monster brain splitting open or is it something called a "lizard sandwich" that you're keeping inside for the whole day? No, so you keep the brightness low and make a quick photo. You won't regret it. It could be a truly mind-blowing photo op, filled with humor, scientific discovery and kid-friendly adventure. Live dinosaur photos are proof that technology can do wonders in getting a bird on the back of your hand. If you learn anything from the investigation -- and especially if you understand the science -- you may be able to apply the theory to your own backyard kitchen. After all, what feeder animal actually wants to eat? Too bad, though, if you think animals are utterly up to no good. No matter what: to keep them under wraps, hiding from their predators, using predators as cameras. During surveys, scientists will often find that a major threat to others is to the root of the animal's physiology -- a nervous breakdown. It's even worse if it's found that the animal is trying to hide from itself in order to gain food. People are forever taunting them in the bathroom and promising that they'll go and buy new cat food. So in the end, despite the disappointing results, the Pokemon Go franchise is all set to return for another season. This time around, for children. And for the people behind the camera. See what the Pokémon Go team is doing.
(CNN) -- The 2009 snooker world champion John Higgins has said his "conscience is clear" following allegations of match fixing.|||The world champion is not blaming his rivals for the allegations he has been fighting for most of the week. Instead, Higgins has claimed his sporting conscience is against match fixing, which was made against fellow Ireland player Andy Murray on Tuesday. "Yes, I did vote for someone who appeared to be breaking the law," Higgins said on his official Twitter feed. The 53-year-old will defend his record in his next two matches, the usual stage and center stage in the 3.5-match series. The affair, which began in the run-up to the 2013 World Championship, has made the headlines in several national newspapers. Twitter feeds have exploded with anger and indignation. The whole sport is divided. In Europe, some have branded Higgins a dirty player. Many regarded it as his first major defeat as he began the year with a 6-3 win over Stan Collymore in Stocksbridge, West Sussex. The world no. 1 quit the game over the 2009 tournament following an operation he believed was illegal. Murray is battling to stay in contention. "The threat to the sport will always be there," he told reporters on Friday. "It's a great loss to the sport and the game. We have seen the fall from grace over the last several years because of everything that has happened." Sutton has expressed his "deep remorse and shame" for the "horrendous attack on the sport." U.S. snooker nation joins Celtic Celtic as main beneficiaries, but British snooker fan isn't so convinced
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Metallica's Lars Ulrich loves Black Sabbath and Deep Purple -- and so does his 10-year-old son.|||Let doing drums? In front of the supporters, he said he's singing I Get to Try My Hands Like a Better, a medley of his favorite songs from her side of the world. After the new release of Heaven and Hell, a concert with tribute bands is slated to take place next month to mark the 40th anniversary of Alice Cooper's death, the drummer will speak to an expectant crowd at the "Night Center Honors" show at UCLA. The concerts begin April 4 in Los Angeles. The band's hometown, San Francisco, has been somewhat of a Purple Rain paradise for millions of fans. Metallica was nominated for 11 Grammys in 2003, 2006 and 2009 for music that gives viewers a reason to buy a ticket. "I don't think you realize how much people depend on this stuff," Ulrich said of his band's Grammy-winning albums. "When you play for those people with your one love, it's your club. We live very fast, we live by our songs, we live and breathe our records. We are high strung." Lars Ulrich says he finds it "surprising that people like Black Sabbath, Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin still like the idea." "I got to learn about the other guys. I said, 'Wow,' and I realized, 'Yeah, that sort of vibe, I'm gonna do that' and everybody's very excited." Ulrich and son John Maloney have met before. They grew up with Sabbath members and led tours together. Eulogizing the band's past songs and lyrics, Lars says that their current lyrics are very personal and grounded. The Atlanta native noted that his band-mates are "super polite and sweet and know what we're doing and what they want and they understand our business, our financial situation -- like any other band." Two things are certain, says Lars Ulrich. During the blast of his past albums, when he calls out to "dear brother Steve," some fans will stomp and rave. Ulrich, meanwhile, is always concerned about the music's future. In the past year, Metallica has recorded more tracks for the upcoming Anthrax album than its previous hits, and they previously toured with Zane Lowe, Red Hot Chili Peppers and George Harrison. "This album is going to be a very crucial album for our group," Ulrich said. "We're gonna make sure we don't screw this album up." Rick Perry has also credited Ulrich with scoring the band's two biggest hits since "Masters of Teeth." "When Metallica works hard, it's a lot of fun," Perry said in a statement. The singer said that his two biggest influences as an artist are his own songs and that he has added key parts of their sound to other bands. "Now you can build a long legacy in the world by embracing those types of an approach," he said. "They do come in different forms. They're not all progressive and you just keep evolving with them." Perry's older brother, Rick, revealed in a February interview with CNN that he's tuning into live shows with Ulrich -- "Kenny G, I'm doing this ... For Freedom, for fun. (These) are all very important for us." Also, Perry noted that his own son, John Maloney, has become a fan of Black Sabbath, thinking, 'It's catchy, it's a singalong,' and he is thrilled by "the meaning behind it." Eric Church, 39, recalled his childhood dreams as an engineer for Led Zeppelin guitarist Steve Hill. He has since sold his home in Beverly Hills to an unknown man.
London (CNN) -- Three one-time insiders at the defunct News of the World tabloid testified Monday before a British government-backed panel investigating press ethics and behavior.|||The defunct News of the World, which disappeared three years ago, sparked allegations by the allegations last summer about phone hacking at the news agency's London headquarters. A New York Times journalist said she may end up testifying to a British parliamentary committee examining the phone-hacking scandal and give testimony about the problems she faced when she was working there.
(CNN) -- Novak Djokovic swept past Spain's David Ferrer in straight sets to win the Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament Saturday and demonstrate he is in fine fettle for the start of the 2012 season.|||Dokovic would continue to impress, beating third seed Andy Murray in straight sets 6-3 6-3 in the final to qualify for the season-ending Australian Open in January in Melbourne. However, Djokovic served out the match to seal the title with his opponent. Masters champion Murray is seeded fifth in the tournament and took time out to warm up before the Australian Open, which starts on February 2. Darren Cahill, American Davis Cup captain, told reporters Djokovic was "world number three." Asked for a positive reaction, he replied: "Joker is the best I've ever seen him." Djokovic, who turned 28 in October, has claimed a record five titles in November and December. During the tournament, he was beaten by Rafael Nadal for the second time in their three-year run -- and dominated with all his shots. Djokovic beat Nadal at Wimbledon and Spaniard Ferrer in the French Open last year. But after finishing fourth at the end of last year, the Serb is enjoying a rejuvenated campaign ahead of the start of the season in April. "I'm looking forward to 2012," said Djokovic, who represented Serbia in the 2008 Olympic Games and European Championships. "This preparation can mean a lot." Iraqi strongman Rainer Schuerr will be competing in the ATP Tour qualifying events in Sydney and Dubai in March. Former grand slam champion Rafa Delray denied Austrian Marin Cilic a spot at the Australian Open by failing to convert one of his 16 break points -- which, in one match, meant that he had made only two an unforced errors on his way to losing his three sets. Nevertheless, Djokovic, who has won four straight Davis Cup titles since winning his first Wimbledon crown in 2008, said he was hoping to produce more fighting spirit for the start of the 2012 season. Murray, meanwhile, has asked to play a few more sessions in Europe this week, possibly after the season begins. "This is something that needs to take longer than it did in Melbourne," he told reporters. "We're more prepared for the season next year, obviously." Watch video from our Abu Dhabi office » MORE: Follow the action from Abu Dhabi ».
ISTANBUL, Turkey (CNN) -- Police used pepper gas and water cannons to disperse crowds of demonstrators who took to the streets Tuesday to protest a meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.|||"We received less than 200 calls for a crowd to disperse than 850 people were mobilizing in several different parts of Istanbul, said U.S.-based Bloomberg TV. "We decided to work with the organizers and not escalate the situation," added Bloomberg's Istanbul bureau chief, Danielle Gergis. The Cihan Yedal received at least 30 calls during the night for a demonstration. Police officers used pepper gas and water cannons to disperse crowds of demonstrators who were also blocking main highways. U.S.-based Bloomberg TV attributed the demonstrations to a dispute over asylum seekers granted asylum in August 2011. But police said they used the CS gas, water cannons and tear gas to disperse the protesters because more members of the public had gathered before the head of an international organization was supposed to meet. Ankara met for two days with friends and journalists to try to sway the outcome of the meeting. Many demonstrators called for the resignation of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. "A series of voices and events have been heard by people, including many on the ground," said Tag Heuer, a lecturer at the City University of New York. "The diaspora was at the heart of the events. People have been inviting people (to) join the protest." On arrival, several hundred demonstrators were waiting for Erdogan. He was seen walking past the group outside the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul, according to the Haberturk news agency. "He took pictures and videos and it became the focal point of many, including with President Obama, for which we were very thankful," said Yedal. The clashes followed criticism of Erdogan for meeting with the World Bank president at U.N. headquarters in New York. The American-Turkish joint statement called the meeting "a symbolic test" of support for the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, the statement said. "The demonstration remains." CNN's Rima Fazli contributed to this report.
(Rolling Stone) -- Lenny Kravitz chose a life of rock and soul a long time ago and until recently was never tempted by the movies.|||L Monaco's premier music "jazz rock guy" has decided to defend his post-rock music career. Kravitz calls himself a "living rock star." In a magazine interview for the James Taylor Foundation, he noted his decision to do a solo album 10 years ago so that he didn't have to stop rocking. He also gave his take on Dido, saying the affair was "whimsical." Lenny said, "It was like a music lover reborn. That's what it was." King Kong's subject now is "as in "The Birdcage," although in 2000, Kravitz, who is based in India, played a very similar role in the movie. "The guy's everywhere!" Kravitz laughed. "I don't even see what the point was. "People call all these people rock stars, they're sitting around saying, 'Oh look at that musician! His piano's playing,' and 'Oh look at that hook!'" Kravitz said he didn't share any information on how he got into making a solo album. "I'm not sure how to tackle that situation," he said of his desire to stick to playing the kind of music his fellow rockers do. "In the music business, you know: What do you tell people? Follow their leaders? Keep in touch? Work hard? Play the kind of music you play? You know what you're doing?" He elaborated: "In a way, I was obsessed with the music I was making. The same way with movies." The album has continued to trend up the charts since last year. Kravitz grew up on New York's Hudson River, but now lives in Bel Air, Los Angeles. The 59-year-old has had several success stories over the years, including albums like "Genesis," which sampled Jimi Hendrix's "It's Only for a Day," and "Born Yesterday," which incorporates elements of the Jimmy Buffett song "The Seven Quick and the Seven Long Years." "I'm saying that the human condition changed after the Beatles, who started the chart and raised their profile," he said. "I think it caught up to the humans for a bit. People have started to be very open to a different, more emotional expression of music, but with a feel for music and even the meaning of songs that resonate more with the people than on the surface. "The music I play the way I was raised is a musical expression of who I am," he said. "I've never been particular about music or the words that are said. I've been growing up listening to Stevie Wonder and Lenny Kravitz in the seventies and eighties." But something about R&B that can't be translated in rock and roll. "And in my show it's more like new songs, and it's a little bit more like dance. All of it is about love, I'm going to say," he said. "It's something that just takes place in music. It's just a complex thing to say, you have to understand something. And I think that. I feel sometimes like the world around me is a little bit confusing. But I don't really know the answer. I don't really understand the way it is. I don't know. "You might think it's time to think about it. But I think that it isn't true." Kravitz had an amazing 2005, with one of the best solo albums of the decade (he called the Grammy-nominated "Chameleon Mine") and three top-five hits. "Before you get all jazzed up, just get the rock out," he explained. And on Saturday, "I found the keys to the stratosphere." "Songs feel the better way to me, but I still enjoy the music very much because I've found them out there," he said. "You get so many reasons to follow my path, and [they] get me out of it," Kravitz said. "You get a little goose bumps. Some of my favourite songs in particular, I'll say."
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) -- At least 20 insurgents were killed Friday as Nigeria's military carried out an aerial bombardment of suspected militant Islamist camps in the country's northeast, a Defense Ministry spokesman said.|||The attack occurred in Borno state on Thursday near Jos, where two killings occurred the day before during an Abuja-based attack on government and militant groups in a village, said Joshua Mamman, who is overseeing operations in the northeast. According to Vietnam, Nigeria's neighbor, one of the latest to be targeted by helicopter gunships killed 12 people. At least 60 others were wounded in the attack that was the deadliest in the Nigerian military's history, the army said. Eight of the dead were insurgents and three were civilians, Omobode Sibemadi said. The other two were civilians who were wounded. "This is a very serious operation," he said. "A lot of casualties were recorded and we will have more to report later." Al Qaeda has called for a fresh dawn-to-dusk attack on Monday in northern Nigeria. This was the first such attack since April, and it came after aerial raids, which wounded more than a hundred Nigerian soldiers, the military said. The Nigerian Army said Thursday's attack was a result of intelligence information about possible insurgent networks, but those rebels were acting independently. Heavy clashes took place as soldiers searched for further targets in the area and local tribal elders told CNN that the insurgency has stretched far beyond its birthplace.
(CNN) -- "It is so ordered."|||Long before, the Navy had to shoot down shots to get into federal land to prevent war with Mexico. And, of course, the feds had to go through the American Revolution in WWII to win it. One day, 2,500 soldiers were killed in the Battle of Gettysburg. And there's quite a bit more they'll soon kill in wars of empire. The actor Jay-Z made a video tribute to new leaders when he said: "If the country were to stand aside while a totalitarian regime was formed, they'd damn well serve it. Nothing would happen, and they wouldn't deserve the verdict for allowing it to happen." And, before he finished his speech, he said about that belief: "The creation of this constitutional nation was wrong." Obama has zeroed in on the Holocaust, and of course was a fierce critic. He might not need to -- because a properly conceived, designed war against evil would kill millions. But a defunct regime proved to the United States of America the sort of power-sharing model designed to apply a fascist government to social order. The academy was commanded to work as a unit by the United States government, not a bunch of rogue soldiers. Among those who opposed to the Soviet Union in the 1950s, New York has been revamped into a democracy. By force, the university was created and made the head of a chain of for-profit companies that survive partly by federal loans (the items listed above were made from government contracts). That's how we stayed in government after the war. Several programs line up to provide social services, like anti-bullying courses. "We were trying to balance education, health, and employment in public schools and government," the Academy's director, Anne McDonald, said. "We wanted to balance employment and prevention." But leaders, since the abolition of national defense in World War II, have increasingly claimed that the primary responsibility for preventing war rests on the shoulders of the U.S. military. By the 1960s, the Reagan administration authorized the use of nuclear material under its name, programmable armaments and nuclear technology. The defense department aimed to phase out such programs. Officials around the world are appalled. The Pentagon has imposed a temporary moratorium on nuclear weapons production. On August 25 the Obama administration approved a plan to reduce atomic arms production to one metric ton per month in the United States. The policy would also increase civilian space spending by about $23 billion a year. The Pentagon said it would carry out testing of unmanned aerial systems (UAS), as well as lower US troop levels on ships including the USS Abraham Lincoln and USS Missouri. It is unclear how many military aviation officers will travel to those sites. To continue the mission of the commissioning of a new U.S. drone fleet, Tom Price said after the commission's report on bombs was issued earlier this month. The plan, he said, would ask the government to develop a new, nonlethal weapon known as a Disaster Deterrence Weapon, such as a supersonic anti-surface missile, like the unmanned aerial drone (DAWS). Similar to the ones that have killed thousands of drones during conflicts, the military would use smart sensors and equipment to locate, track and destroy targets. It would also use target-hunting robots and seismic sensors to track targets that pose threats. "There is nothing that can't be said about the intelligence of what we're up against," Price said. "This is a top-secret project. People have been told many times that there will be an attack, so we know how to be very careful."
(CNN) -- Bad weather is keeping Britain's Prince Harry and a team of UK veterans stranded in South Africa, their take-off point to Antarctica where they will race U.S. and Commonwealth teams on a trek to the South Pole.|||Iley Radov is missing his pilot, accompanied by 7 Army infantrymen in an effort to rescue the soldiers from the hectic restaurant and stranded in their remote camp in South Africa. Radov did not send help from the U.S. or Canada. British pilot Phil Linde is preparing to row and hoe a 2,000-foot path to take one of the British sports stars to the South Pole. Prince Harry has been using a parachute at the request of his colleague Chris Pendergast to reach the Antarctic in less than a week. "Being that we have seen the highlights of the Antarctic challenge, we were hoping to bring something great together," Prince Harry said Friday in an Instagram post. "But unfortunately it seems that it will not happen." Prior to his arrival in South Africa, "Prince Harry continued to support and aid the Antarctic Expedition and hoped that the challenge, as wonderful as it is, will not be achieved as unedifying as first face-to-face." A British police helicopter was hired to fly Prince Harry from Gullibody South Africa to South Pole Base Port to wait. Thousands have expected to see him at the launch, but for the time being the peacekeepers are required to go the BEEF first, with assistance from Canadian commandos and Danish navigators. The two teams had mixed opinions about whether it was a better-or- worse race, but decided to skip the race. Rough weather around Antarctica forced Britain to announce it would not be sending a member to the South Pole in 2007. They later came to an agreement to cross the borders into neighboring Antarctica where they will race on. The two countries will also have to set aside their differences and work together on the South Pole, where crews were already beginning to construct a permanent base in 2007. Ted Llewellyn, a Canadian spokesman, said the countries are working together and that Britain will have to provide support for the U.S. team to be on course for the South Pole.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The international race among sailors, kite surfers and wind surfers to be the fastest wind-powered boat on the planet is rapidly gaining momentum as speeds reach all-time highs.|||A out at sea, Britain has hosted the inaugural "Wind Sea Challenge" in the second of three events being held this week. Many of the heat tested this week were able to race 60 meters (almost 112 feet) in 30 seconds at Severn Basin, South Wales, and are believed to have been competitive to the highest levels in South West England since 1988. Many of the sailors contested today have virtually borrowed kites, catching the eye of Britain's commercial wind turbines, the manufacturer of the modern craft, as well as world record holders, sailing masters, and Olympic gold medalists. The stronger wind farms allow more boats and supports elite events, especially those that fill the smaller off-the-shelf small boats and land-based standoffs, according to Port Ellen, Britain's wind turbine association. The event began in August 2008 and now includes more than 120 teams from five countries: China, Germany, Australia, the United States and Italy. The teams compete in loops with effortlessness at the beginning and end. Between 20 and 30 sailors are on a 24-hour starting table, gathering in a hot sunlit bay each day to defy the elements. All the teams come with satellite computers that run simulations of wind speeds and wind speeds globally, handing out information regarding speed, wind wind current and other pertinent statistics. Stunning images captured in a team showcase show the incredible speeds that could be achieved, this week. By the numbers, 13 sailboats have made the voyage. Ten sailboats have won the overall world title, including seven recorded by five countries. The new world records will be posted in the coming days. The World Record is difficult to find, with all three nations having won. But several British teams are looking into using the technology to extend the event's length. One of the first events will be held Sunday in Ravenswood. "The result of today's racing show what we can do with wind power, and it should leave a mark in the sails of all the sailing that comes after," said World Sailing Record Holder Nicholas Reeves. "Each sails will have something to say about what the future of wind-powered sailing will look like." Reeves, from Scotland, has competed at least 15 times in windsurfing. He's told CNN he thinks he has "achieved the ultimate goal." "I've been competing for years, I'd say it's a pretty great result for me," he said. "It's certainly pretty competitive." Reeves said he's seen the benefits of this method in the public eyes. "If you can get it right, it's really very good for the public." In the long run, the metric value of wind power is likely to hit $1 trillion and fall substantially, he told CNN.
(CNN) -- Police have questioned a man in connection with a shooting in New Orleans' French Quarter over the weekend.|||Police said Monday that an arrest warrant has been issued for the suspected shooter. A preliminary investigation revealed he was familiar with firearms and the French Quarter area. He was a passenger in the cab while fleeing from someone in the 1200 block of France Street, according to Jean-Marc Tangip, spokesman for the Metairie Police Department. Police did not know how many people were in the cab and he was a passenger, Tangip said. It's unclear if anyone was injured in the shooting, Tangip said. Investigators have released a sketch of the suspect, but no further details are available. The shooter got away when they shot him. The motive is unknown. Police said the shooting was in retaliation for two robberies at a popular bar and bar on the same block.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Listen closely and you'll hear squeals of disgust from a watchdog group tracking congressional pork in the nation's capital.|||A thing can stop a car from running over a body, no matter how much over the seat is a big pile of pork from the middle class or minority. That's the conclusion of The Center For Responsive Politics, the organization behind the End to the Pig Program, which this year is trying to figure out the makers of Parliament's pork wheeled in the plutocrats' home turf. There's currently nearly 200 congressional pork-barrels scattered throughout the halls of the nation's capital and Capitol Hill. The center plans to enter every congressional district in the country with a pork-barrel, but that won't keep most of the hog groups from gaming the system, local reporters and journalists were told. In order for Congress to complete that mission, the center first has to shut down this season, which kicked off with a stop on pork-barrel excursion tours in May and ends in September. The group also aims to bring more transparency to the pork industry, according to it officials. Nearly 40 percent of hog subsidies used by the U.S. government in fiscal years 2010 and 2011 have come from states or territories covered by a federal law forbidding subsidies for agricultural, fishing, aquaculture and maritime interests, the group said. In some cases, these congressional pork programs do little to generate revenue and actually get sequestration-related expenses, as the group found. "For example, for some potato-barrel tours, we typically will have a motorbike, even if it is on a continental road," Brad Rinckel, the group's deputy director, said of Congress' pork bills. The issue of how pork-barrel efforts affect the economy first pervades everything the group does. And the center says other pork-barrel tours that were scheduled to begin in May will have yet to begin and will not be held until late July. Congress is "thinking about how much pork it would be able to generate with this survey," said Julia Strauss, the group's senior director. "We're also focusing on the effect that the pork industry has on the southern health sector." That spending needs to be factored into Congress' budget decision, Strauss said. The group is developing a report to describe how the pork money is being used in the government and how that can affect government effectiveness. On the CPP website, click here for today's blog post. You can also contribute to the site by placing your names in the "green dots" at the bottom of the page that indicates how much your company contributed to the report.
(CNN) -- A Marine based in North Carolina died during a gun battle with police in Texas after authorities said he killed one person and wounded five others in a shooting spree.||| Marines left the gunfight Tuesday, authorities said. While they were on patrol, AK-47-caliber semi-automatic rifles still fired a shots from the car with automatic attachments. The military said the shooter, named Matthew Padilla by local police, was "unable to control" and died of his wounds, officers said. "It's a tragedy," one of the responding officers told CNN. "The man was clearly out for blood." Authorities have not said whether Padilla killed anyone. The U.S. military uses special services to search for special operations, military families say. Six Marines were wounded in Tuesday's shooting spree in North Carolina and taken to hospitals. The Navy killed a Marine in California after a Facebook post released by another service member. The deaths include a Lt. William Hicks of Fairfax, Virginia, and Ronald Kelly of Cabarrus, Texas, in Florida. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano also praised the Marines during a visit to the Pentagon. "Military service in foreign countries is an extremely important component of America's security," she said. The Marine Corps helicopter that lost contact with Padilla was carrying an active-duty Marine who was traveling to a speech conference.
Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Libyan troops are surrounding the city of Bani Walid, awaiting orders to enter what had been a stronghold for late dictator Moammar Gadhafi as those inside appeal to the international community for help.|||The West is now besieged by loyalist forces from the nascent resistance movement, which hopes to push through, seizing as much territory as possible through any sector and area worth grabbing. A final leg of the quagmire is due to emerge Sunday after a series of desperate military maneuvers to dislodge Gadhafi's soldiers, according to protesters and the United Nations. More than 600 men, mostly U.N. peacekeepers and police, have been dispatched to clear the area around Tripoli, said Gadhafi's nephew Muhsin Gadhafi, whose clan controls much of western Libya. The fighting is expected to continue for the next couple of days. Earlier Sunday, a state of emergency was imposed by authorities in the capital. North African federalists plan to fire rockets into the city. In addition, the American Armed Forces (AFLF) have deployed in support of the rebels as the countries most active in combat. Col. Charles Martiny, a tribal leader who pledged allegiance to the uprising and has participated in multiple recent U.N.-sponsored relief operations, spoke to reporters on Thursday. "The people will have to work very hard to stop the extremists. We don't have the strength to withstand them. I'm not sure if there is any hope, but that is the hope." Martiny condemned Gadhafi for attacking citizens, but acknowledged he had been captured in August as troops tried to free him. "This is an act of aggression and that actions will result in further casualties in the eyes of the international community and a huge suffering for Libyans. "Every day, we had prisoners, once released only to be tortured and then later killed," he said. The loyalist forces, of which he is one, are "freaking out," he said. The commander of the operation, Mohammed Tamin, added that his forces would not stick around long, giving opposition forces time to prepare for large-scale counter-surges. Libya's parliament has been in recess, with military officials locked out of their own building. The Gen. Khalifa Haftar's administration is also isolated with a military council of parliament members in Tripoli. Bani Walid's residents -- a number of loyalists as well as Muslim Brotherhood supporters -- have expressed fears for their safety. Gadhafi had ruled the city in defiance of the United Nations-backed Transitional National Council for more than three decades. CNN's Saad El-Hariri and Caitlin McKesson contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is doing well as she recovers from surgery, officials said Tuesday.|||One spokesman said President Kirchner has undergone surgery for orbital dysplasia, a serious breathing condition, and has turned back her hair. The president thanked citizens for their prayers. "All of the support of the people of Argentina was profound," Ricardo Saenz, president of the Buenos Aires Metropolitan Argentinian Republican Party, told reporters in Argentine. Her son, Ricardo Saenz, carried her hand while she hobbled into the president's office. Shortly after, the president was wheeled away in a wheelchair. The president remained with Saenz's family in Buenos Aires, but was rushed to the hospital in a serious condition. All but the tiny minister, Luis Alberto Barbosa, were present, Baldomero Montenegro, who told reporters the girl passed away early on Sunday. Morlina Andres Maevo, an aide to the president, said the girl died Monday. He said Fernandez had a successful overnight trip to Buenos Aires and was expected to return to her homeland Wednesday morning. "She's going to make a speedy recovery and we hope that during that period, there will be no conflicts of opinion and she can finish her term," Almada said. Fernandez has been facing trouble in the legislature in recent years, but she has been appointed President of Argentina, the Judiciary's Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights and Speaker. She serves as a vice president for the Chamber of Deputies. La Casa Rosada is one of Buenos Aires' most popular business newspapers. Next Tuesday morning, it is scheduled to be the day that Rousseff starts her five-year term as mayor.
SPRINGFIELD, Virginia (CNN) -- Georgia Keightley strolled through the religion section at Barnes and Noble in Springfield, Virginia, on Monday searching for a last-minute Christmas gift.|||Keightley donated money for the organization to help cancer patients receive the support they need, according to a spokesman for her office. Keightley, a 35-year-old home health care worker, does not have a degree in theology, but said she found the novel "extremely inspiring" in her office reading. "My husband felt very comfortable that it gave him a perspective that he had not had before," she told CNN. CNN's Shawn Johnston contributed to this report. The Free Thought Project, a nonprofit that helps persecuted Christians, is the voice of persecuted Christians in North America. As the one-time off-duty Navy chaplain went to search for six months for a job as a pastor after he was fired for ethnic intimidation, he met G.K. Chesterton, a priest who was about to be a parade commissioner. Chesterton had beaten Chesterton, a devout Christian in church, and the couple's 11-year-old daughter, Catryn, with wood as a protection. Chesterton said Chesterton's faith has been "unmistakably powerful since its inception." Chesterton "was exactly what you would hope for when you find a place in our church," Chesterton said in an e-mail to CNN. Chesterton said the pastor always encourages people to work together for a common goal. Chesterton's second-in-command was Steve L. Lavoe, the attorney general. "They are a handpicked team," Lavoe said. Chesterton is the assistant attorney general in Tennessee and has been in North Carolina since 2003 for a criminal investigation involving a police officer who was accused of punching and shooting a woman on Christmas Eve after telling police he was "walking the dog" on his way home from dinner. (In May 2005, he was arrested for assault of a married woman and arraigned in a Richmond courtroom in a separate incident. Police were called to the courthouse in October 2005 on charges of gun theft and resisting arrest.) The incident led to its most-recent presidential election as well, which finished with the Justice Department selecting John Kerry as its man of the year.
(CNN)  -- Manuel Neuer captained Schalke 04 to the German Cup with a 5-0 rout of second-flight Duisberg while earlier Saturday Celtic salvaged their season with a 3-0 win over Motherwell to claim the Scottish equivalent.|||First Through his David Mueller, Berlin recorded a 10th consecutive treble, while Slovenia's Manuel Neuer lifted a sixth - with 120 minutes remaining to kick-start the festivities. Neuer found the net from the penalty spot following a collision with Jerome Boateng in the 52nd minute before the Cologne goalkeeper scored twice more in a stunning match for the 2012 World Cup winners. The result completed Schalke's undefeated domestic season, conceding four goals in eight games, but the fact that Costa missed so much game time at a crucial juncture in the title race led to criticism of German football's biggest names from the nation's Football Association. Germany 's coaching staff but also rejected the criticism as "hogwash" as of the end of December. "We're committed to having the best players in the world on show," coach Juergen Klopp told reporters. "And it's going to be the best couple of months of my career for sure." Bayern Munich, Bregenz and Stuttgart are among the teams who will be bidding for glory this weekend after qualifying for Europe through the Champions League final in July. Swiss giants Olympique Lyonnais won the first leg of their last 16 tie at Basel by beating Celtic 5-0 in the second leg in Paris. In the German quarter-finals, third-placed Lille opened a 1-0 advantage on Paderborn and then moved beyond them with a 1-0 win over Red Bull Salzburg in another crucial tie with the German under-21 team. Former Germany winger Reiss Nelson scored twice for Lille as they dumped second-placed Hannover out of the competition. Lyon captain Jozef Koval scored in a 2-1 win at Stuttgart thanks to goals from Thibaut Courtois and Yannick Bolasie, whose efforts were also welcome at Mannheim.
(CNN) -- Three people were killed and two police officers were injured in a gun fight in Brooklyn Monday evening -- the latest bloodshed in a violent holiday weekend in New York City that saw at least 48 people shot.|||"Saturday and Sunday were the height of gun violence for this holiday season, with 34 people shot, including two police officers. According to NYPD Commissioner Raymond Kelly, more than 200 people injured. "Let's work to get the situation under control," Kelly said. Multiple shootings at schools and businesses were commonplace during the weekend, as were the anti-drug protests. At least 14 people died and four were arrested in New York City during the weekend. Many were homeless. Lasses, and even dogs, are fleeing home and an unwanted fence and other items scattered on the streets. "This is something we cannot let go," Kelly said. Black men began ransacking houses for guns shortly after 5 a.m. Sunday, he said, while more people became disoriented. A source confirmed Monday that authorities have been searching apartments and homes in the area for the shooter, whose identity has not yet been released. The shooting comes just three days after similar violence in the borough. In all, there have been 77 killings this year in New York.
(CNN)So now we know. The Germanwings aircraft that crashed earlier this week was deliberately brought down by a co-pilot who had managed to lock himself in the cockpit as he set the plane on a course for destruction, according to officials.|||The mastermind was on the plane with the cockpit door open, taking on the responsibilities of a crew, according to investigators. People on the ground were unharmed when the device jammed, authorities said. But they also still don't know how. The Germanwings aircraft that crashed earlier this week was deliberately brought down by a co-pilot who had managed to lock himself in the cockpit as he set the plane on a course for destruction, according to the German's Transport Ministry. Collapsed fuel tank and nose were found at the scene, police said. All 103 people aboard the Airbus A320-200 all died. Lufthansa CEO and General Manager Tim Geithner, whose family owns the airline, told CNN that it wasn't the co-pilot's intention to take the plane down. Authorities found a memory of texting to make the point, but Geithner had a request: "Let me be alone on my plane." A report issued Wednesday morning said investigators were interviewing the co-pilot of the Airbus about the incident. Geithner, who is German, was on vacation with his family. Investigators were in touch with his daughter. On Tuesday, Geithner tried to fly his jet over two of Europe's largest cities, Stuttgart and Hamburg, to try to reach the site of the deadly accident. But he was stopped from doing so by French soldiers. Police are trying to determine what his Facebook and Twitter accounts look like, and have yet to get any response from him. On Wednesday night, "Team Geithner" posted about the crash on Facebook. "Tunnel vision problems close to 7-10 miles wide -- See below for the location," the group wrote on its Facebook page. The statement also posted a black box image of the crash site.
(CNN)A Montana pipeline burst sent as much as 50,400 gallons of oil gushing into the Yellowstone River, prompting the governor to declare a state of emergency.|||Packing crossed a park near Yellowstone National Park, a remote stretch of land close to where oil from the TransCanada Corporation's Bakken pipeline is located, burning up behind it. The loss of nearby life was not immediately known and no injuries were reported. After the spill Thursday afternoon, Gov. Steve Bullock inspected the cause of the rupture in a small brine tank at a railroad crossing. "I cannot just turn my back on the risk to the public and the environment and do nothing," Bullock said at a news conference Thursday night. When water levels receded Friday morning, the governor gave himself the authority to declare a state of emergency. About 100 firefighters were responded to the scene, the Montana Department of Environmental Quality said in a statement. "In this moment of devastation we are in a difficult situation." Bottoms of oil from the Associated Press pipeline were being removed from Yellowstone, NBC affiliate KBOY reported. Initial tracking found that the amount of oil flowing into the river from the ruptured pipeline crossed 11 miles under an existing interstate highway, said Matt Wollmann, spokeswoman for the Montana Department of Environmental Quality. More than 2,400 workers were being kept at the scene by high water department units.
(CNN) -- The United Arab Emirates on Saturday expressed concern about a German court's decision to release an alleged Israeli agent being investigated in connection with a Hamas leader's murder in Dubai.|||Ah convicted of harboring an alleged Israeli agent, a U.S. attorney said. An Abu Dhabi court granted custody of Shalom Hasan in August to Israel. "We give support to it and welcome it," the attorney general's office said in a statement. "This has nothing to do with Israel," said Saleh Elbazaei, who had seen the brief hearing a day earlier in the court in cooperation with a Mossad forensic identification unit. "However, at the close of today, Dahr Elbazaei is no longer part of the investigation."
(CNN)  -- The attorney for a man whose wife's wrong-way accident killed eight people on New York's Taconic Parkway in July says he will ask authorities to exhume her body to prove she wasn't drinking at the time of the accident.|||You can be returned, Fields said. Child welfare attorneys will be allowed to write to the district attorney to see whether a party was at fault in the accident. Full charges are being considered, he said. The family will know exactly what the trial will look like at the time the body is returned and who might testify in it, Fields said. Authorities will then "verify what the witnesses and medical staff said," he said. "I would tell the jury that what the defendant said was exculpatory evidence." Fields is not talking about whether Jacqueline Dykemper was at fault for the crash at 8:45 p.m., according to the statement. She was driving her 2001 Volvo station wagon north on the New York City's Taconic Parkway. One of the heads of personal security for Dykemper's vehicle struck a bridge pole Tuesday after she lost control, authorities said. That left another high-speed collision that killed 14 people, injured 46 and crushed at least seven, Jeffrey Strada, a vice president and President of the New York Police Department, said. Jayfieldy was driving 15 mph south on the New Jersey Turnpike, Plate 23, when she left an intersection on the wrong side of the road and hit a truck. The crash was caused by a broken tire on the vehicle. The speed limit in that zone is 55 mph. Donald Frey, another passenger in the sedan, was charged Monday with drunken driving, his wife's attorney, Katherine Hill, said. Ford urged jurors not to bring charges against him. The Taconic Parkway's center marked "One Stop" before police and troopers stopped Freeland, who was stopped on a yellow police tape. The driver's name was formally identified after the crash and he was indicted on five charges, including criminally negligent homicide. But the prosecutor said he expects Ford to plead not guilty. The family says it was initially told by police that Felipe Falcan, Abia Dominc, Man, and Gianni Falconeri were drunk and speeding. Joel Field's attorney, Michael Pearlstein, told reporters the transportation system is troubled by multiple accidents on the parkway, and the rules are unclear to how to solve them. "It's sad, to be honest," he said. "Somebody really screwed up and said to a group of people -- 'We can't save everybody.' " Fogle has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter. Runaway, 22-year-old Jillien Aoras, from Queens, was charged with motor vehicle homicide in connection with the crash, authorities said. Authorities stopped the couple's vehicles after they drove too fast for the turning lanes and the speed limit, resulting in the wreck. Deputy public safety director Adam Delveri said they opened a second investigation into their crime.
(CNN) -- Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt has told CNN he can set a new 100 meter world record at the London 2012 Olympic Games -- and could run as fast as 9.4 seconds.|||Obama Obama announced plans in June to hold an extra national session of the International Olympic Committee this summer, which is now a further 10 days before the London Olympics. Obama told Reuters on August 7 that in London he "was going to get the record and I was going to beat it." No surprise, but those comments were met with plenty of confusion from some on the track.World record holder Michael Johnson -- considered an All-Star -- was forced to comment through an interpreter because of the criticism and is not currently part of the committee. However, Johnson, 24, was quoted as saying that he cannot compete at a world level unless he is healthy, so he's "not going to complain about getting another shot at the record." Johnson, Jamaica's number two in the 400 meters, narrowly fell short of matching the 100 meters world record by just one second at the 2008 Beijing Games. In China, he shaved off three seconds from his previous fastest time -- a time he set earlier this year when he finished 17th at the World Championships. People in London were shocked, pointing out that they saw the new world record time. A unanimous reaction of 122 was possible, including one person who commented: "Oh God, U-19 human." CNN's Jim Keating and Rebecca Shih contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A 59-year-old Michigan woman has been charged in connection with the death and dismemberment of the woman's 32-year-old son, a sheriff said Monday.|||The woman, who has also been identified as Shae Roberts, was arrested and charged as a person of interest in Thursday's shooting death of 14-year-old Jaylon Moore. The suspect faces charges of first-degree murder, first-degree sexual imposition, kidnapping and unlawful imprisonment. "The circumstances surrounding this crime warrant the serious actions of this individual," the sheriff said of Robertson. A last update was given on the case Monday afternoon. Responding to questions, the sheriff's office spokesman did not identify a possible motive for the shooting, but described the man as a former firefighter who left his job when he was too sick to continue. A search was being conducted at nearby homes and in the woods, the sheriff said. Detectives identified 20 people who were injured during the shooting, but none of them was believed to have been victims of the crime, according to the sheriff's office. A search of a residence in Byron Center, outside of Benton Harbor, was also executed, the sheriff's office said. Authorities have not identified the suspect or the motive, but the case has been referred to the Allendale County District Attorney's Office for investigation. Earlier this month, the man's mother, Shae Roberts, filed an amended complaint seeking an end to charges against her son in the June shooting death, according to the sheriff's office. The 45-year-old Wood River woman, who lived in Midland, Michigan, has an operating permit to drive, the sheriff's office said. Her lease is now being renewed and she is no longer being under a modification order, according to his office. Because of the charge, a search warrant is being conducted at her home, the sheriff's office said. The search warrant for a residence is out for information on Roberts, the sheriff's office said. In addition to autopsy results, a toxicology report has been completed, he said. The autopsy will be conducted on Monday, the sheriff's office said. Authorities say a search for a suspect is scheduled for Tuesday. It is unclear whether Roberts' husband and one other person will be charged in the case. The video was aired Monday morning on CNN affiliate WHEC in Lansing, Michigan.
An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment for Obamacare warned of a "high" security risk because of a lack of testing of the HealthCare.gov website.|||Officials prepared a memo last month warning that hackers could gain access to customer information that the website provides to the government, even though the site is closed for 30 days. Security, civil liberties and privacy experts said DHS shouldn't have made the technical comment because it created the risk. They even cited the example of the inaccurate captcha "CIE" system, which is designed to intercept text messages from a computer but cannot relay it to an individual. The Secret Service had to make a national announcement about a flaw in one of the systems after 13 million people signed up through the website but did not intervene. Recently, the State Department said it will spend $11 million to help identify the vulnerabilities on the site. A DHS spokesman said DHS is confident that the device is secure. It had been ordered from Homeland Security Inspector General John E. Redfield. Redfield spent days combing the database looking for security issues, but no such reports were found. While they appear to be outdated, the memo cites Microsoft in a December 29, 2014, memo as an example of federal contractors not "stepping up" in the security of the site. They said an engineer said, "the engineer made a mistake in his coding. ... He let the programmer connect the system to the Internet." The memo calls out the whiteboard where the error was made and describes a variety of security flaws in the site. Among those flaws are the "failed backup mechanism" that inadvertently released a case data, and an appearance of instability within the system. For a number of security problems with the system, other hackers are exploiting that weakness. An internal government memo written just days before the start of open enrollment told how U.S. agencies "know of no faults or failures" at the system's security and integrity. The IT Department inspector general is the Director of Homeland Security for a short time this year and has been assigned to assist DHS and acting on DHS Secretary John Kelly. The Justice Department's Computer Fraud and Abuse Unit has since shut down the system for 18 months and fined DHS $25 million. It is believed the hackers broke into the system and shut down the website the same day the website's other employees learned they had been trying to access the system. The hackers removed information about families who paid "cumbersome" money to people to access the site. They tried to take photos of the families' IDs and confidential contacts, but received nothing back. DHS hired additional security experts who were more familiar with the system in hopes of upgrading security. DHS blamed the vulnerabilities on a "widespread failure" in testing at the site, while decrying "system vulnerabilities." The Department of Homeland Security still has no way to verify reports of vulnerabilities. DHS has gone after hackers at specific companies it deemed to be operations such as Dropbox or Twitter, the contractors said. The memo warns that hackers could pick up the information anyway. Click here to access the final draft of the memo.
(CNN) -- At least three people died and seven others were rescued Thursday after their boat capsized off the coast of southeastern Florida, the U.S. Coast Guard said.|||" Five people are presumed dead, after being a victim of a boat wreck off Chumash, Florida, according to the U.S. Coast Guard. The search-and-rescue team went out Thursday to the bottom of the submerged aircraft carrier, 3,500 feet (915 meters) above sea level. It was determined that the capsized boat was carrying about 21 people when it capsized near Guadeloupe, about 20 miles south of Collier. Some on board escaped, the Coast Guard said, though none were injured. Michael Butts, a spokesman for the Coast Guard, told CNN that while it took about 12 hours to recover the bodies and safety equipment, the organization will continue to search for clues, he said. Two survivors remained in critical condition Thursday, but other victims were in fair condition, he said. The Coast Guard began searching for survivors after something unusual happened as the weather turned bad, but found no signs of further trouble, he said.
(CNN) -- Let the extravagant wedding planning begin.|||The married family tied the knot at Kelly's On Living Home in Dartmouth in March. Although not everyone in the United States would agree on the size of their wedding, Phil's planning is going to be big. "He really didn't care about the numbers when he chose our rings," Phil said at the time. "It's overkill, I assure you of it. I was the one who said, 'Let's have four rings' with a 5-star-rated jewel decorating firm to complete the three-ring bacchanalia. Phil said Kelly accepted the invitation with a lavish ceremony and sky-high chandeliers, four rings and enough glitter to almost rival Blue Mink ray's mega wedding in New York City in 2011. Phil called it "honeymooner-in-law" status, and opted for a slant more towards New York City luxury. "Everyone in the world loved me, but who was the most interesting person for me at that moment?" Phil said. It's only natural that Kel now wants the most beautiful cake after executing her bid so, perhaps, she's been thinking of herself. "We want a bride to have four rings. That's unheard of," she said. Phil was originally from Ville Platte, New Jersey, where Harry Sloan performed the same wedding for Disneyland. A fellow NatGeo photographer, Julian Lim, snapped photos of the family on the rooftop of their cottage overlooking a lush ocean.
Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- When I was a little boy, my dad and I would sit on the floor next to his old reel-to-reel tape deck, taking turns talking into it and playing our voices back -- the same reel-to-reel he unwittingly used to gain his 15 minutes of fame.|||An's voice grabs the audience's attention for a single microsecond, and just before the moment of fame fades out, the special effect goes down. At the close of the telling, it was no ordinary scene; it was like playing a lesson in history and is replete with romanticism and tragedy. The sound comes from the earpiece turned down to create the dueling instruments. When it's over, it's hard to imagine a word coming out of the mouth of a child, especially since children don't understand something as simple as the passing of time. Still, I find it amazing that this new and all-too-relevant lesson about motherhood can be delivered through the unusual medium of trick questions posed by young people. And I find that Jon Stewart must have followed all the rules in the book, "13 To Kill a Mockingbird," and, in my own family, everyone's work has been done by younger people. How do we rediscover our innate curiosity when the voice we grew up with is being lost? Why don't we? Stories get told about how people dreamed up their heroes. Some people concoct stories based on their own experiences. Others believe that if they had just listened and taken the time to understand their own personalities, no one would have been born. Of course, in the story, Stewart reveals that the standard part of his book, "The Reckoning" -- the book's cover -- was not a guarantee that he would become a star. But because Stewart fell in love with the music he composed himself, the book became his life and he found himself battling the death-defying taboo of a series of feverish mind games. These were not his only opportunities to reprise his role, and he wisely crafted his story as much as possible. Please continue to pray for the newly-minted president and his family, all of whom are taking a holiday in honor of their fallen father. Read a script for "Reel Star" » The "Land of Make Believe" is a 10-year-old boy who dreams of becoming a big-city doctor. Will his fiction become real? Why, over the coming weeks, will a real-life comedy audience of huge proportions take time to learn all about this country's history and culture? I would also offer a cultural perspective -- I would be willing to look a bit at the 2005 book by the renowned-played-but-not-real-person Mark Iscenic. There's a lot of history and social life in this book. I would ask Will if he can reflect on some of those more personal moments from when he dreamed up "Let's Take a Flight!" or when he found the first time he read a book he thought himself a hero. Will we do a screen-read? What you can find at "Reel Star" » Read more: The 'Village It' series -- now on Hulu.com. Subscribe » How come that I don't remember the show? It's the not-so-elegant new features they put in the movie, "Neighbors of the Hilltop." The first show includes scenes from the gang 'This Is Us,' cut when a woman talks to her brother about making "a little of what he just went through in court in his case."
(CNN) -- The first "cup" was used in hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974. That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain is also important.|||Thelims has been ice hockey helmets for 110 years and more than half a million people in the North American continent wear one of these helmets. It's been implemented in hockey, for a multitude of reasons, but their prevalence is best known for its job as a modern-day safety measure. But the helmet is also the latest part of a major development by hockey's inner core and related science. The research was released Wednesday. The study says that once a player takes off his full helmet, he loses all of the voluntary control over the "body structure" of the lower portion of the brain that they were using before, and therefore the moment when they are told to use a helmet designed for wearing they immediately lost the opportunity. Other researchers called the experiment crucial because it "showed us how weak and impaired the head actually is." There are two details in the study: a study in 1959 and a paper in 2010 on hockey helmets and their role in helping newborns develop. In addition, but related to hockey helmets, the researcher found that postmenstrual syndrome had not yet been invented. Then in 2010, in a paper on two aspects of pediatric brain development, the researchers speculated that part one was related to how a baby's brain grows. Researchers at the University of Rochester could not find any research like this anywhere in the world, so the study in the scientific journal Neurosciences published the findings in 2012. Read more at Wired.com.
Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A Wisconsin Republican official compared the protests over Gov. Scott Walker's attempts to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees to the Holocaust on Wednesday, a remark he later conceded was "a bad word" to use.|||A previous remarks by Johnson were not immediately revealed, but critics allege his remarks were insensitive and "demonize" the governor by making a "Jewish" comparison to the Holocaust. In a statement Tuesday, Johnson said he "didn't intend any of my comments to be offensive or disrespectful." "But it wasn't intended to incite hatred," he said. He said criticism of his remarks were "unbecoming" of the governor. The comments came during a special Assembly session, when Sen. Ben Thrasher expressed concerns about the Legislature continuing to go beyond its job authorization authority and suggested that Walker could lose support. Johnson said he was referring to the physical attacks during rallies that targeted the governor and other GOP political leaders. Last month, a deputy adviser to Walker compared the violence of anti-Wall Street protesters to Nazi German officers killing Jews. Andrew Olson was a floor sponsor of one of those GOP platform amendments on Tuesday. "It wasn't an analogy I meant to use in any way at all. It was a serious thing for our people, it wasn't an analogy. They were murdered by Nazis and their government," Olson said. Opponents of the amendment also were quick to slam Johnson for using the swastika. "There are things you can say about the Holocaust, but don't call it the Holocaust," said John Schnade, president of the Constitutional Convention. "It's not a word you can say because it's in a context that doesn't allow you to talk about the Holocaust. "When we look at the comments -- and it's not nice -- what I'm coming up with -- is a very, very tough comparison." Johnson made his comments while an intern for CNN. Sen. Scott Grassley (R-Iowa) did not have a comment on the January 17 speech. Some protesters had claimed previously that Walker's comments would force him to resign, even though he has said otherwise. Others at the speech shouted "Stop the Jingoist!" and "We support him! We support him!" and "It's not the time to resign!" in a round of applause before the speaker adjourned for the night. The visit to the men's room in Madison's Madison Town Hall Building was short-lived because it was overzealously rushed. Then during the unionizing ceremony, prison authorities were forced to make arrests and take away people's shoes and jeans. Opponents of the legislation estimated that up to 200 people could be fired for the protest and others were arrested and taken to the police station. CNN's Josh Gerstein contributed to this report.
(CNN)From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone, the United States' national parks were made for you and me.|||JoeDuh! Didn't that used to be his favorite? Hey, I want to make an ode to it. Or a picture of it, I guess. That's right. It's time for a monument. The National Park Service has introduced a full set of indelible marks including these in the San Bernardino National Forest, Greenbelt, Arlington National Cemetery, Grand Canyon and Yosemite National Park. The trail will be marked with a black marble pillar that incorporates several African- and Native-American rock carvings. The park marks a key draw for families with dependable travel expenses, as well as visitors attracted to Yellowstone's breathtaking scenery and relaxed, unseasonable weather. It is a testament to how the land is both human and natural, some in a way that indicates the harmony it celebrates. The Land has been rich in natural diversity. But it's also rich in many natural wonders and wonders lost or hidden as our lives are taken from us. Smithsonian reported this week that 18 of the 26 million American residents living in the counties with National Parks have permanent homes. Most have moved to Colorado, California and Nevada. From the Cornhusker town of Brenham, in Montana, they build homes out of debris from homes that once stood there or near them. "The railroad line and the land we laid fell into the process of disappearing," the Park Service wrote. "With the removal of railroad ties, the land we owned was moved deeper into the Nevada and the Virgin Islands and later relocated further inland." After that, Nevada became the American Southwest. In the 1920s, the park service gave permission to relocate miners there. "We saw a limited number of farmers who could still work within the existing resources that they had," it said in a statement. The next decade, the park system enlisted 2,500 people to help create these new national parks.
(CNN) -- Wanda Butts lost her teenage son in a drowning accident six years ago, and ever since then she has been working to change a troubling statistic.|||The boys died when he drowned while floating in July 2008. Adulthood is beautiful, but what about the survivors? Wanda Butts said she's still planning to name her journey to ending child drownings. "I can't look at myself or my kids at the very end of their lives," she told CNN. "That's what I think of: Our role has to change from what it was. Not having people define us." Adulthood, she said, "It will not stop and it won't end until we have a change in society. And then this terrible thing will actually stop." Amanda Wilson, who got involved with Adulthood, was aware of the rise in child drownings and decided to sponsor a play on the issue at Disney's Dream World late last month. Adulthood was launched after the youths auditioned for the show, according to Jackson Spelman, the film's producer. "This is a really sweet battle in terms of how young kids are being impacted by teen deaths," he said. "I do think you have to go make sure they do. And even before you do, you have to understand that -- for kids to die of drowning is not possible." Wilson chose Sarah Williams, a 17-year-old, to represent Aspire Water Guardians on stage at Disney's Dream World in Anaheim, California. Williams said she believed in a program as small as #BrownFree, and it took off. The program is launching Tuesday, with Warner's assistance. To be a part of the effort, runners from the rally must be registered in development, which starts at 3 p.m. PT on Saturday, February 5.
(CNN) -- Manchester United fought back from two-goals down to defeat rivals Manchester City 3-2 in a thrilling Community Shield at Wembley, the traditional opener to the English Premier League.|||United were left one goal ahead in injury time when Jose Mourinho's second-half strike took them ahead for the first time in the competition. In the first half the Portuguese leader's team led through Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but goalkeeper Adrian passed a line-to-line match with City defender Aymeric Laporte from close range to make it 2-0. And once Ibrahimovic equalised in the 82nd minute, United barely saw off second-place City. But Zlatan's 11th-minute strike, following a free kick, levelled the scores with 11 minutes to go. City had looked set to complete the win when substitute Adrien Silva net a late penalty to restore parity, which led to a nervy finish to the match at Wembley. Despite appearing, eventually, to be beaten in the league, the home side will take the points and now celebrate as champions for the first time since 2006. However, Guardiola will be disappointed with the appearance of Mexico's Cristiano Ronaldo, the latest star to make the team with his country as his new Republic have been thrashed 7-1 by Portugal in their FA Cup fixture. "Madrid have made an effort in kick-off and have a chance of getting three points, but it was a tough task," he told BBC Sport. "In the end, I'm always happy to win trophies in whatever competition you open in." The result confirmed the Championship champions' early pre-season claims with 11 points already from the first five games. However, Guardiola insisted a better time could have been played with. "It was better in the first half but after we created a lot of chances in the second half we were surprised," he said. "We should have been out on a double but you never know how these things will go." 'I am so happy' - Mata praises Monaco after win for Manchester UnitedManchester City defended an even harder task, having scored twice in the space of 20 minutes to clinch a 2-1 victory against arch-rivals Manchester United. The hosts led 2-0 at the break when Paul Scholes volleyed into the roof of the net and Benjamin Mendy added a second with seven minutes remaining. But Paul Pogba, who scored in the match to put United ahead, reacted by pushing Raheem Sterling into the woodwork before the visitors leveled with a slaloming strike. Emery admitted he was "still to be fine" after the match. "We didn't kick the ball." Tottenham defeated Manchester City 1-0 at Wembley on Sunday for the Premier League title. Tottenham's Marco Silva scored the opening goal, setting up a clash with Manchester United. Raheem Sterling scored the final goal as Tottenham beat Manchester City 2-0 to move to nine points ahead. Leeds United defeated Liverpool 2-0 at Anfield, while Arsenal thrashed Leicester City 3-0 away to set up a London derby with Leicester City.
(CNN) -- Are you worried that millionaires don't have enough influence in our elections? If you can't contribute more than $123,000 to politicians, are your free speech rights harmed?|||A fine print has become a big problem for wealthy Americans, especially since Maryland has filed legislation that increases the fundraising threshold for millionaires. It is hoped the bill could be proposed in the next Congress, though a spokesman for the state's attorney general, Robert Ray. It's a sign that "Americans aren't coming in this year, and they probably won't," Ray said. A newly released estimated that millionaires made up 57 percent of the United States' "big spenders and spenders" in 2003, according to the National Association of Lobbyists. According to the Working Families Party, the average New Jersey-based millionaire made $3.5 million in tax contributions in 2002. And that figure had not risen during that year alone, according to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Obamacare's current issue, according to the party, was a spending proposal meant to try to give CEOs control of their political message. And if it fails, the group vows to give Republicans more tax incentives than Democrats. The new study also suggests that policies aren't binding when it comes to money. The New York firm York-Warren Asset Managers is a member of the group whose 2003 report, funded by 75 members of the New Jersey Citizens Assocation of Political Directors, argues that "taxing millions" has done little to make the private sector "rich and powerful." According to that report, politicians receive 83 percent of their campaign contributions from foreign sources, including from foreign corporations, in states where they operate and in campaigns without the backing of the Senate majority. In "America's largest political state," there were 111 states with laws that mandated income limits on electoral contributions. Those limits included such rates as $1,700 for a single congressional district. "It was a hard law," said New Jersey State Sen. Catherine Crone, who helped write the law. Another group's report suggested that an economist who favored weak federal-employee compensation rules as a senator also should not have been able to vote and was capable of voting for candidates of his choice. Crone was one of the few psychiatrists who studied the impact of the 2010 financial crisis in Indiana. She concluded, "It went terribly wrong." McCallum Hensley, the mayor of McHenry County, New York, was also part of that group. His law, from 2003, expanded the allowable contribution limit to $123,000. In 2006, the legislature of Minnesota, which recently passed a national income limit on political contributions, also expanded the threshold to $123,000, effectively banning millionaires from making independent or multimillion-dollar campaigns. It was the same law that exempted millionaire supporters from any campaign contributions.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Ten schoolchildren and two soldiers with NATO's International Security Assistance Force were killed Monday in a bombing in Afghanistan, officials said.|||The toll could rise, particularly because of poor security conditions and insecurity.The International Security Assistance Force said in a statement Tuesday that 17 people were killed in Pakistan on Monday in a van after the vehicle picked up a person in the village of Yarakloo. The driver was in a motorcycle mounted with automatic machinegun fire, the news agency said. CNN could not independently verify the report. The nation's deputy interior minister, Abdul Quddus Sayyed Aziz, said Monday morning the four were children, seven of them were police and another two were a teacher, the news agency reported. The accident occurred in province of Chaman. The deaths occurred after they had returned to school after visiting the area, the statement said. In April, a van with six truckloads of explosives detonated near an Afghan base in Balkh province, the military said. About 1,500 people were killed in the city, including 31 civilians, 38 soldiers and five police officers. Six members of the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and a NATO civilian also were killed in a blast near a satellite phone connection tower Monday, a coalition official said. South Africa called for the country's military to send in more troops in the wake of the devastating attack, he said. Seven child models wearing Afghan school uniforms were among the victims, Afghan state television reported. All of the victims were children, state television reported. Surveillance cameras captured the van shortly after the bomb was detonated, the official said. The camera captured what looked to be an empty truck at the main gate of the gate after the suicide attack. The demonstrators shouted "No coalition's rule will extend to others." Seven Taliban supporters were also among those killed, a government official said. NATO said it has provided resources for the Karzai government and local authorities. NATO takes responsibility for all attacks and counterterrorism operations in Afghanistan. CNN's Jeremy Diamond in London contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In all the toing and froing that we have seen in recent weeks surrounding match-fixing -- the Europol press conference that announced more than 680 suspicious football matches worldwide and the banning of 33 players and officials for life in China -- one question has been largely overlooked: just how do you actually fix a football game?|||The Name a specific category. For most people, it's the subject of the game that inevitably gets the least scrutiny. "Many people are not taking the picture, but France's former midfield player played for Panathinaikos and also for London Club, meaning that he was not involved in the alleged match-fixing on January 1, 2000. In the official 2014 FIFA statistics filed last week, 24 teams who had won domestically -- including West Bromwich Albion, Aston Villa and Arsenal -- had been implicated. England's match-fixing squad, FC Barcelona, ran into trouble in December, too, with a match tally between clubs in the Republic of Ireland and the Netherlands being compromised when Paul van Dyk provided a kick during the third minute of injury time at the home game at Hampden Park. Then in May this year, the UEFA office in Rome sent out the second warning of a future competition under the Rome Eight era. In a meeting with a representative of the Chinese team that scored a crucial goal in the 2-1 win against Rubin Kazan, China's Football Association said it had come to the conclusion that it had lost and believed "it could not perform as well under the new regime of the newly appointed Football Association of China." "Once made aware of their findings, UEFA decided that they would have to restructure their inspections. They are looking at the FA's internal measures but haven't taken any further action." The Council of the Football Association of China (of which it is a subsidiary) accepted the report and described the decision as "a wake-up call" and "a real warning." New solutions were designed to find new ways of monitoring the game and bring out the truth, said Valdor Ríguez-Raza. "Europol has been investigating since 2005 and only identified 805 suspicious matches during the Spanish league season, so out of over 500,000 games that UEFA could investigate, they have identified these 56 matches that could be potentially subject to match-fixing by the Chinese Football Association." The European Investigation Agency (of which Europol is a part) said it had identified 20 new match-fixing probes, taking them forward. UEFA confirmed on Friday that 61 matches were found to be subject to match-fixing by Chinese football officials as many matches in Iran and Syria had been discovered. Each probe had by now looked into allegations of match-fixing against several dozen Chinese players, Europol said. Rafael Nadal, South African star striker, told Finnish National Football League (NFL) club FC Volante Bulgaria's official website: "The players could be cheating and our league is not aware of it." Spain take on Arsenal in Europa League. "The FA is asking for Russia to reconsider," Eliaquim Manguiz, France's coach, said on May 13. "We have to reform the internal structures of the FA because there is too much influence (of Chinese officialdom) in the club and the club has become a game-fixing machine." "Can the European Football Association actually identify match-fixing problems in football?" asked Europol spokesman Edk Lik. Interim head of cyber crime, Frank Strupczewski, said. "It's unclear for UEFA but we do have full partnership with the Russian Football Union on an anti-corruption task force. I would not rule out that it could be a tactic." "It's something that there is no question European Union investigators and the international authorities have been looking at," he added. Lik said it was "unacceptable" that the "candidate for putting players at the forefront in their area" of play was Brugge, which has won their last eight championships. The association had not previously used the word "fix" when referring to an opponent -- a situation he claimed in February 2015 was a violation of international soccer regulations.
(CNN) -- This week, Barack Obama will embark on his first trip to Israel as president. The visit will enable him to engage, experience and touch Israelis in ways that move and bolster us.|||AndNIV Associates, LLC, and its co-authors, published the following op-ed: The recognition can't help but be accompanied by an unprecedented speech by the president as well as by praise for what he has accomplished over eight years as commander-in-chief and ambassador to the United Nations. His time will also be marked by noting that, as the nation's first Jewish President, he began the presidency in an effort to help strengthen our most vulnerable citizens. His office says this is the clearest example of that -- that it is working hard to identify the vulnerabilities of groups in our country. We must act to strengthen them by rejecting in advance policies that are "dangerous to Israel's future." As one senior American administration official said, "Our major mistake" was to allow the President to turn away from two countries with vulnerable populations and a supportive foreign policy but with poor leadership. And we must respond now to resolve the problem. Obama is a friend to millions of Israelis at home and among the world's most passionate supporters and critics of Israel's policies. His trip underscores that. The president is serving a simple and important mandate for his team of advisers: to show the world that the values and values of our country are already there and are being lived out by our kids and loved ones. We can do better.
NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- The death toll from an outbreak of hepatitis B in India's western Gujarat state reached 38 on Sunday as authorities prepared to begin a vaccination drive against the disease.|||"In the search for people infected by hepatitis B in Kerala state of Rajasthan, officials from drug makers said a polio patient died after receiving nine doses of a vaccine offered to people from a Japanese firm. On Sunday, testing of over 1,600 newborns in Karnataka confirmed they had contracted the lethal hepatitis B virus, said officials from the health ministry in New Delhi. "All children under 5 months old have received the vaccine," it said. "All the rest, they must have received the shot, which can be administered through any pharmacy in India." There were no other details available about the number of people who have contracted hepatitis B at the moment, officials in the Eastern state of Rajasthan told CNN.
(CNN) -- If you think school starts too early, you aren't the only one.|||A” yep, does the mommy really have to go into town? Certainly I do! This week is another reason to pick a more "school" crowded calendar year. And there are so many reasons. On the horizon: Expected early deaths, illness, fertility issues, affordable housing. Academic programs are slated to open Monday. Plus, many students in student government and other forms of high school are still learning their new names and vocations, which means that in some cases, they don't really start school until Thursday. And schools are scrambling to get ready for the regular season, which typically includes activities during the summer. After high school teachers, professors and school administrators are attending mandatory conferences on college. How they'll know what they can teach, who they should hire and if the system is ready to accommodate. And what to expect when the kids start to move and cut classes. It's a tough game. Although, on the bright side, the transition will offer opportunities for advancement and identity formation. Most importantly, parents will experience the calm, full day that is the kick off for a brand new school year. The kids will have a chance to develop their self-confidence. It's difficult for parents to relax. They'll be quizzing their children in an effort to get answers from their minds and minds. "It's tough, but you have to pull it off," said Debra Hagle, a school-in-training instructor for Utah Valley University. "We love the chance to have a positive experience as a school teacher." Problem for the students is that the teachers may be teaching over two years from when they leave for college. They're sure to get burned out, just like many other kids do. Along with their classmates, families are having their scheduling issues. Amid stricter regulations under the Every Student Succeeds Act, teachers' union President Tom Egan warns parents to be aware of child readiness and parental consent. Due to the extremely challenging school calendar, many families are struggling with affordable housing. Many students in the state of Utah do not have enough scholarships to afford college. Thus, many families cannot get in. Meanwhile, parent anxiety and talk to lawmakers about the latest trend in the cost of housing is creating a "panic." But education specialists say that every state is much farther along than we currently think. "Even with the cost of housing and rental assistance, one need not have to pay a mortgage in order to get a decent education," said Brian Kelly, CEO of Association of Families of Utah County. "If you are funding your child, there may not be any value in the cost of private school." So what is on the other side? Still, Kelly says he is impressed with the students' bravery. "They are moving to an 18-month-old's school plan and have been more prepared for it than we expected. I think it's a really cool study. They have done an outstanding job of making their parents their primary focus in life, rather than getting in the way," he said. "I think what they did with them was very brave." It's a credit to them, especially in the first year. There's no standardized testing, so no scoring. They never have to take tests, but they understand that the decisions they make about what's best for their students is often far more important than a long-term plan. But there are a lot of parents out there looking for a solution for their children. Better yet, the kids are being challenged by educators to figure out how to manage stress during the current time of year because it may be overwhelming. So, to help them deal with frustration and yes, sometimes they struggle. But there's always another lesson to learn: it will always be better. And we can also help them to do the right thing.” What if you aren't tired of dragging your child into the school day? Will you continue to push them through to the end of the year? Kelly says there is an amazing program online that can work every day in a good way to let the kids recover? Watch Student Navigate Unified School District 408.724695. The site also has an iReport.com page to help you with ideas for support your children or school during the school year.
(CNN) -- Aruban authorities are urging Natalee Holloway's father, Dave Holloway, to delay volunteer search efforts in her disappearance until police get better information on the case from Peruvian investigators who have spoken to Joran van der Sloot, prosecutor Peter Blanken said.|||More than 300 volunteers to search. Natalee Holloway's grandmother, Patsy Holloway, also said she never saw her missing daughter. "My heart is broken, my thoughts are full and my heart is heavy. Nobody died when Natalee was lost," Patsy Holloway said. A Narrow Circle Search Response Team (Narrow Circle) team is being activated again this week. "We are here to help with the search until we can go back to the spot to see what we have found, to find any bodies," she said. Holloway is the second child among a group of six missing American girls who vanished in Alabama in May. They have been found in Arizona, California and Alaska. Natalee is the first U.S. female student to be found in a foreign country in 72 years, and the fifth missing person found after those decades. "This was a great honor to bring up Natalee in the U.S. media and help with the coverage," her father, Dave Holloway, said Wednesday at a news conference in Vanuatu, where van der Sloot, 31, is from. The immediate family has used social media to help fight in lieu of taking legal action for assistance, David Holloway said. "'I will not let you feel guilty. If you ever feel guilty in your heart, then just go somewhere else," he said. While the family has asked that the search continue, they're not asking for help searching the area where Natalee was last seen. "This is about looking for Natalee," he said. Joran van der Sloot left five months ago. CNN's Mike Sopel contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal battled hard to overcome Roger Federer's conqueror and give himself a chance of a record-equaling 17th Masters 1000 tournament title in Italy.|||Title, awarded on August 2. Ahead of Sunday's season-ending Rome Masters, the 31-year-old former world No. 1 needed an upset in the final to seal his fourth success of the year. Federer was losing his third match in a row -- beating Stanislas Wawrinka 2-6, 7-6, 6-3 -- after he looked set to win the match but Nadal came back in superb style to seal victory. The Serb had battered away at the retired Steve Johnson to set up a clash with a second-placed Rafael Nadal, who fought back with Murray to reach the final. "You have to do a good job. You have to find a way in a position that allows you to win," Federer said. And the Spaniard was doing it. "There's no doubt. This set we wanted. "We didn't do as good as we should have done in the first round, but later we had to come back." The trophy for the two players who each reached the last eight of the season-ending season-ending event in June. Murray beat three unseeded players -- Sam Querrey, Nicholas Monroe and Tommy Haas -- in an all-atmospheric final to grab the title from his opponent. 12. He was also playing against his former team-mate Lleyton Hewitt, who took the U.S. Open title last week. Hewitt is the fourth year Australian born man to win the Monte Carlo Masters -- the only other. He was the fourth seeded player and was facing his first final since 2006. However, Hewitt will be eyeing to break Timo Glock's all-time mark of 32 titles. The Scot had been holding his own until November, where his 2015 triumph over Marin Cilic allowed him to take the record. "Every point -- in its way, every point counts in a final like this," Stefanos Tsitsipas said. "I'm proud that I've won so many titles." The two-time champion Federer brushed aside top seed Novak Djokovic 6-2, 6-4, setting up a clash with Roger Federer who again played better than expected against Serbia's eighth seed. World No.2 Carling introduced a plan to attack Federer and to slow down the Swiss great. The 18-year-old's first serve was impeccable and he was often converting it. The left-hander, who looked in the zone throughout the match, seemed to win serve consistently, and served for the match at a blistering clip. "What can I say? It's really nice," he said. "I mean, I always try to go out there and play my best. I was never broken and it was just a great serve." Federer served to stay in the match. "Today, I'm still in control and I want to keep it that way," he said. "The win is really important for me." More from Roberto, Geneva.
(CNN) -- Airbus has showed off its new A350 XWB, rolling out its first flyable plane on Monday fresh from the paintshop in company livery.|||Tradiant blue star treated Airbus for the first time. It means that four jets have departed from the paint shop at the Fraport Comoresque in western France. The plane is called the A350 XWB and will be brought to Wallis Airports in southern France for its first flight on July 20. With Mr Jalloh standing there and with his trademark one eye smearing all the way across it, the pilot, Calatrava Cabrera, asks, "What's happening?" "You have your first Airbus A350," he replies. "And you're not looking at the first plane," says Col. Manuel Del Perro, one of Airbus' WPA representatives. "See that. Right there. Because you can look at that." His spokesman said: "The XWB is one of the world's first 32 of its size. And we were very happy to see that there was an event. Airbus was so happy with that that they are expected to continue to welcome these customers at the shows. "This important step in the modernization of the passenger airline industry will not only enhance Airbus' position but will begin to optimize the cabin experience of passengers." CALATAVA said the plane carried over 50 passengers. "These passengers are now currently seated on the plane while a group stands together to take pictures," said Del Perro. "They are watching intently and they have become accustomed to the Airbus A350 very quickly." The planes can fly up to 250 knots and have a range of up to 1,700 nautical miles, lcanopies.
(CNN)Will "Birdman" rule the roost Sunday night?|||Birdman © 1992 Andy James Cameron Www.com
(CNN) -- Charity: water will receive a $5 million grant from Google's Global Impact Awards to provide clean and sustainable water supplies to the world's most far-flung and impoverished regions.|||Mat shelterin Dubai's Empty Bowls shelter is the latest recipient of a Google award for its water conservation efforts. The nonprofit group has developed a sustainable water approach in impoverished countries around the world and is looking for similar opportunities. The program, which will also promote recycling and project financing, will leverage Google's partnership with the government of Qatar in a three-year partnership which will include training and workshops. Khan, who heads the Clean Water Water Network and oversees Water Solutions of Qatar, called the award "the most impressive innovation in the world's water supply sector for more than 50 years," in a news release. "Innovation gives us the chance to show the world what we can and do when we work for the less fortunate," Khan said. The organization will work with two locations -- a northern Yemeni border town where a former resident lived on a makeshift footing before a humanitarian operation -- and source water in Djibouti. "Through our unconventional work, we will also train other energy-poor countries, to implement more sustainable water practices with a greater emphasis on both local community use and sustainable resource management," Khan said. "Without the critical water we will be destitute, and therefore the foundation will transform the lives of those who depend on it." The charity will also be distributing water to more than 20 countries in the Middle East. Khan said the organization will receive a $5 million grant from Google as part of the Google-backed Vision 2050 initiative, which is aimed at aiming to contribute to 50 world clean water solutions by 2050. Khan said Google's grant underscores the increasing awareness of how private sector leadership can help to mobilize public support and market private sector solutions to improve human health. "It's a great opportunity for us to help make a different kind of world where we have such a profound impact on the day to day lives of the entire world," Khan said. "So we will move forward from here and organize the community resources." Khan said, "We will recruit people who will truly commit to making the real difference," in response to today's announcement. He added that the charity will work to build community and preserve water supply. "We have been funded to try to build healthy rural landscapes. We have prepared trenches. We will dug wells; we've made forest beds. We have wells where they are pumping. They are irrigated with boreholes to the edges of towns." Khan will join other champions to develop clean water systems throughout the developing world.
(CNN) -- A "faulty" flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands, an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others, Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday.|||Turkish Airlines Flight 111, which crashed last month in a heavily wooded area near the Dutch town of Essen, was operated by Turkish Airlines. The Turkish Ministry of Civil Aviation told the Dutch Safety Board in an internal report that a mobile instrument showed "mechanical irregularities, such as bad compass bearings in wind speed and incidence. This led the aircraft to abandon course with the Dutch station Akkuyu airport, which he said was situated on a dual-aisle layout. The Milan-Meissen route was nine kilometers from the Dutch airport, where the accident occurred. Dutch investigators suspect that an instrument was fitted on the plane at a previous landing, the ministry said. No one has been arrested for the crash. The plane was carrying 50 people, including two pilots, six passengers and three crew members, the ministry said in a statement. The plane crashed into a wooded area about 50 kilometers west of the Netherlands island of Maastricht. A passenger of the plane was among the crash victims, although the cause of the crash was not immediately clear. The pilot survived, but two other passengers were killed in the crash. 'Faulty instrument' was examined. Turkish representatives said that cockpit voice recorder was the main instrument. "It was inspected under ground, with a description of how it should function in flight," local media quoted them as saying. The plane crashed a few kilometers short of the Dutch-run Inter Air route. CNN's Ghaith Fahmi contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Power-driven wheelchairs are costing Medicare and its beneficiaries nearly four times what suppliers pay for them, and competitive bidding could have reduced those costs, according to an inspector general's report released Wednesday.|||It is projected to cost Medicare $268 million over a five-year period, which includes a U.S. Department of Defense expense and routine monitoring system costing $5.3 million annually. Also on the chopping block: the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services' purchase of several 220,000-pound power-driven wheelchair sets made by Idanco, Ohio-based Xero, a supplier hired by Medicare to provide the wheelchairs. That selection by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality determined that the Xero was not competitive or reliable enough to meet Medicare requirements, the inspector general's office reported. "While many of the current wheelchairs are capable of using electricity to move their legs, we feel an individualized approach is a better approach than either relying on a mechanical assistive system, or using four wheelchairs in groups," said Katherine Toomey, spokeswoman for the inspector general's office. The report notes that the government does not have a manufacturing pipeline to bring the high-end products that are needed to the sick and elderly, and another large supplier, Cruze Inc., has left two production lines at a used car lot not far from the DoHA facility that manufactures the wheelchairs. A body operating company is blamed for that, and the agreement stipulates that the company must sell its product using the vendor contract. Truer bids required, the report said, resulted in a product that sold for a significantly higher rate. The sector has been known to field products that can come in but are incompatible, allowing the government to procure or ship replacement parts. In some cases, those products are so new and ineffective that the packages are incapable of fitting well into supply chains and simply shipped from China. By comparison, wheelchairs on the clock made with incandescent bulbs on a daily basis often cost only about $2 apiece, and foreign-made versions can sell for a fraction of that. At last count, there were 588,000 Power-Drive Wheelchair cases under contract and 1.5 million vehicle components needed. In less than a decade, more than 12 million Wheel-Dogs have been placed on the road -- representing almost 70 percent of all wheel-dressed Americans. The federal government has never issued Wheel-Dogs on Wheels in design. In an effort to hold the suppliers accountable for the cost and selection of components, the inspector general recommends that suppliers submit bids with the fastest possible time to deadlines. Wheel-Dogs were assigned to 11 major Class X programs, all of which are categorized under Medicare. Three Systems Request A-Class Engineering Placement (RSEP) may be necessary for the occupational therapy use of mobile companies that can't physically handle physically demanding situations. In some cases, the riser's "cartilage is weaker and less rigid. As a result, the machine can damage lower limbs when it comes to maintaining position," the report said. The Medicare study also suggests that the purchase of Power-Dogs may not have passed muster with the competition because the suppliers' lowest pricing was 45 percent. By contrast, hospitals had the lowest prices. At most, producers could have made up a price difference of 15 percent. That gives the manufacturer a slight edge over others, but it's very close. Likewise, many medical devices are that a doctor says has little chance of having success. In other words, these purchases are hardly a case of "quality over quantity." "No, the quality is a big deal for us here." "We don't have to worry about producing these cheap vehicles anymore," said Keith Brown, head of the HHS Office for General Services Oversight. The inspector general said there is evidence that the devices are consistent with the customers' needs, and they are not competitive. As a result, Medicare has less incentive to buy from the best, the inspector general said. The agency also said there are benefits to buying online at other suppliers and providing repair services directly. A Borrowings Only Portfolio Discount Plan has been in place. With improvements at headquarters, the program may still recover some costs, according to the inspector general's report.
(CNN) -- Larry, one of the employees you supervise, hasn't been performing his job up to expectations. But you've been reluctant to take him aside and speak with him candidly: Like most senior people in the company, you are white. What if Larry, who is black, takes your criticism the wrong way or, worse, thinks you are racist?|||This paragraph isn't intended to be offensive or insulting. Rather, it's trying to be a source of perspective on the racial dynamics of the culture at play at TechCrunch.com. My dad sent me this letter after he had lunch with several sources in TechCrunch's parent company: "I hear there's some internal fighting -- according to one of the sources, nobody realizes how harmful people's language about people of color can be. So after about 15 minutes, I called my dad and asked if he knew the go-to person to review Larry's record at work. His answer: "No." So I ask your department, is there another man more qualified for this job than Larry? Is there anyone you might trust with this issue? Would you be willing to change your opinion about Larry if he explained? Help me out. This letter addresses a common problem. People of color in the tech industry experience racism in a different way than those who have done business with big technology companies. For instance, it has been proven that the vast majority of people who use social media have gotten paid to photograph and type the most things. Larry, for example, is 5-foot-8. Our favorite photo of him has taken as many as 30,000 views on Facebook. He's always had trouble with his language. His words are dirty, frequently offensive and never quite full of empathy. My father emailed me and told me about his experience. The best way for me to go about this is by publicly challenging Larry, because he will encounter a real problem at his job. I don't want to intimidate Larry into thinking the way I do. He deserves a fair and honest review. And if he is offended, his chief of staff will fire him. Different tactic: Explain to Larry, directly, that other people can do this. "Why should the company do that to your supervisor? How's that fair to you? I can't," he says. My dad, you must understand. Working in tech might require self-perception. Having a differing approach is common among employees. What do you think -- as a boss? As a manager? What should you do when it comes to my job, especially? In your experience, people who do this can look like me, and I could point to Larry if it were me -- and I could be complicit if I were a director or someone else. Have you noticed that my reaction to things would be different if Larry was younger? How could this work? There is a simple way for people who show bias to get fired: on the assumption that they are born with it. And I believe their subordinates were, at least at some point, white. We are white. So an easier solution would be to fire him. And I'm afraid that would hurt me, too. So it is best to change my approach.
(CNN) -- An uncle of President Barack Obama who was arrested last month for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol has been released from custody.|||Out 7:32 a.m. Thursday, his aunt and uncle were in Chatham County Jail for a hearing on simple possession of alcohol. Jon Allen Obama II was cited by family court officials for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, according to Port Orange-Puget Sound police. The speed of the car the two cars were in was 97 mph, Chatham County police said. The Honda Civic-era sedan was taking Chatham County Deputy Chief Roy Osipowitz to a Chatham Municipal Court where the judge determined there was not enough evidence to prove a criminal offense, according to court records. Police said as they took the vehicle it "remained clear that it was not in immediate danger." "This has not been typical of the family. When the officer says to the arresting officer -- 'you put it in reverse, don't reverse,'" Michael Sifuentes, a former Chatham County sheriff, said in the transcript obtained by CNN on Friday. A Chatham County Sheriff's Deputy is issued a citation to watch for alcohol related property within Chatham County limits, NBC affiliate WTSP reported. The procedure doesn't apply to police departments in metro Chicago. The owner of the Honda where the car was allegedly found was set to turn in custody Friday morning. Obama's younger brother is Barack Obama who was charged with drunk driving and conspiracy with the intent to impair his uncle. He was charged on March 20 with misdemeanor drunken driving and driving under the influence of drugs, a misdemeanor aggravated class B misdemeanor, Chatham County Sheriff's Department records show. The car was in Normanville, a Baltimore County town of about 35,000 residents, police say. Al Ibarra, 53, was arrested on March 14 for allegedly operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol and drugs. He was bailed out by the Chatham County Sheriff's Department, authorities said. Last month, the police reported his uncle also drove while impaired on November 12, only to be back in November when the same driver was stopped and accused of drunken driving and driving while in the same condition. In early December, law enforcement officials seized an Obama family fishing boat from Lake Lanier in the Baltimore suburb of Waco. That boat was later impounded. Police said the boat was towed after two women inside were taken into custody for their alleged offenses.
(CNN) -- A rare snowy owl was in stable, but guarded condition on Thursday after apparently being hit by a bus just blocks from the White House.|||" a vehicle struck an owl"at her feet as she was walking to her mother's favorite place to eat dinner on Pennsylvania Avenue. The bird, said medical officials, suffered only bruising and internal bleeding. Pico Staff, the Seattle Zoo spokesman, said he could not disclose how the owl was hit. The bird, which resides on the White House grounds, was released about 8 a.m. Thursday, after a hit-and-run motorist was grazed. Fish and Wildlife Service spokesman Peter Fisher said the bus driver cooperated with police and provided necessary information. No further details were provided. "The road wasn't reported," Fisher said. The president also called for the Owl Protection Fund, which manages animals deemed endangered. "There is no likelihood the plane will have to be removed," Obama said on Twitter. "I'm especially glad this happened without any further incident. I know the iconic symbol "Hoover" has already been taken over and the White House is the best place for it." "A witness said the animal's head was broken and its head was bruised, but it just skidded back into the street," Fisher said. "It didn't hit any cars or other vehicles." "There were no injuries on site," Fisher said. CNN's Eliana Golub contributed to this report. White House spokesman Josh Earnest.
(CNN)What if a dachshund and a pit bull got together?|||The puppy walk began in the park. It stretched from a former park to what's now the public viewing area of the park in the neighboring high rise of the Anneapolis Academy in Atlanta and it continues to progress.  Ghassan mentioned that his family has a dachshund on campus and that they hope they can keep it from settling in a neighborhood in which there are people who look suspicious. "We were lucky they didn't target the neighborhood; it's the neighborhood of Danbury High School," Ghassan said. When the Chicago police found a group of adults that looked suspicious, the dog owners called 911 and claimed the pair belonged to the city of Danbury. They headed to the park so they could "check them out," Gassan said. Two men then showed up with a 4-pound Zebulon, a 4-year-old wiener terrier named Huey that was in great shape. "The dogs needed help moving forward, they needed to feed," Gassan said. "This puppy is a pit bull." Recently, the ABC affiliate's Paula Johnson reported that the bully sent the dachshund a message on Craigslist -- something that puts them at odds with other human traffickers who are armed to the teeth. CNN's Harry Smith contributed to this report. Read more.
(CNN) -- Claudio Ranieri has resigned as AS Roma coach following the Italian Serie A side blew a three-goal lead to lose 4-3 at Genoa on Sunday.|||Rancum ad-Which. Led with aplomb. With an injection of energy from the goalkeeper behind the line, they took the lead at the start of the second half, after recovering from an early two-goal deficit. But they couldn't hold on. The victory was sealed by Riccardo Di Francesco's goal five minutes from time, and another penalty from Maxi Lopez gave Genoa a three-goal lead after Rochini had gone close to equalizing. Ranieri, who looked strong in the lead as Roma attacked, lashed home a fine strike a minute before halftime to pull a goal back for Cesare Prandelli. Eventually, they sealed their four-point gap ahead of Sunday's game, but only two points clear of Milan, who lost 3-2 at Parma.
(CNN) -- The head of Homeland Security travels to Arizona Friday, a day after Mexican authorities questioned two men in a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border.|||" officers -- all three men appear to be from Las Cruces, New Mexico, but one is Mexican, the other is U.S. Mexican. Their names have not been released because they are in custody in Tijuana, Mexico, the Nielsen Companies said. The shootings occurred Sunday near the international community border, the company said. That said, as law enforcement officials in both countries work to determine a motive, authorities have said the agency is investigating. The teams are cooperating with police and immigration officials in California, the company said. None of the three Mexican immigrants arrested Monday was from the U.S. They included two Mexicans known to the U.S. who belong to different tribes, Nielsen said. "It's unclear why we brought them in to Mexico, because the current circumstances are not at all consistent with lawful immigration." People involved with the case were questioned this week, Nielsen said, although neither of the men faces criminal charges. Some federal officials questioned both men Sunday, Nielsen said. But it appeared more men were later detained on unrelated charges. After both men were questioned, fingerprint tests were conducted on the bodies, Nielsen said. The FBI is working closely with the Mexican authorities, he said, and is conducting interviews to determine whether drugs were involved and how they will be distributed. Johnson said Friday that the investigation is in full swing and he was "full of concern and relief."
Cairo (CNN)ISIS has a new residency in Egypt, according to a YouTube message posted Sunday.|||British Overseas Islamists, known as ISIS, have declared a new home in Egypt, after extremists had moved there from Egypt, the Egyptians said Sunday. Protesters set fire to tires and threw rocks at police attempting to break up a demonstration of activists in Egypt, they said. ISIS is a Libyan-based militant group believed to have been established in Egypt in the late 1990s. It was officially launched by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in March of this year. The militant group has claimed over 1,500 attacks on Egyptian soil and more than 10,000 people have been killed in the turmoil since then. Terrorism in Egypt is changing over the last few years as anti-government groups take charge, the Egyptian government warns. There has been an increase in kidnappings, extortion and mayhem in the country. The likes of Salahuddin and Hisham al-Ahmad have died over the past years, and in 2011 The Islamic State killed 45 Egyptian soldiers in an attack on Maadiya, a border crossing on the Sinai Peninsula. The international community is largely focused on combating the mounting violence that has broken out in the region. But toppling Egypt's long-standing Islamist leadership has been hard on the extremists. It has led to calls to ban arms sales and confiscation of property, cut salaries, investigate victims, and open the borders to recruits. CNN's Sherif Ahmed and Sagar Sahloul contributed to this report.
The military's equivalent of the Supreme Court overturned the conviction Wednesday of a Marine found guilty of murdering a civilian during the Iraq war, saying he was interrogated after asking for a lawyer.|||The Honorable Travis Barrett was convicted of "two counts of manslaughter" after police found him lying on the ground after touching a fourth-floor floor of a building where a civilian is believed to have been being murdered. A plea bargain and three years of pretrial diversion were later accepted, leaving Barrett, 31, in his fourth term of confinement. He was released in 2011 and sentenced to 30 years in prison. His wife said her husband felt like he had been unfairly punished. She appealed the convictions to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, which set aside orders for a retrial that could have given Barrett a second chance to face justice. Barrett himself has said he did not know he would be held for life. His lawyers filed a motion calling for a new trial and said Barrett had been mistreated throughout his entire time in prison. Barrett appeared in federal court in Virginia the day before being released from prison, arguing that his removal was "without merit." He had complained that he had been shackled to the same railings for more than two years, he said. Another military judge issued an immediate order that Barrett be kept on house arrest. Barrett was sent to a federal prison in Mississippi in December 2011. His attorneys followed his release and saw no signs he had resumed his life in the military. He was detained at the base of the Marine Corps Auxiliary Force in Atlanta, Georgia in late 2006. His lawyers kept their client jailed, accusing him of leading a secret, anti-American shadow society and a leader of the U.S. torture program. In mid-2012, Barrett was in the command of the 9th Cavalry Regiment in Atlanta when he was detained while in the office. His defense was based on the testimony of U.S. State Department prisoners. The Army retorted that Barrett was a private who was illegally placed in the prison system. Following that incident, the Marine Corps moved to hand Barrett off to a U.S. Marine Corps brigadier general, according to the Defense Department's Legal Opinion Group. Barrett was denied leave for house arrest during sentencing and resentenced to 30 years to life. His final words: "You will have a life sentence for this trial."
(CNN) -- The Okavango Delta is one of earth's remote places; it is not easy to get to, and it is quite wild. Independent travel there is not for the inexperienced or the faint-hearted.|||Thevar, ©Lindsay Ulbricht, CNN. All rights reserved. CNN, in no particular order: Susan Sayers, Liz Watson, Rande Gerber, and Ruta Nitschke all have suffered from incurable human conditions linked to the Deep South. Click here for a brief timeline on each of the World Heritage sites. Each site indicates its rarity, and no exaggeration is allowed. Plus: The light pollution that they are suffering from, an ongoing pressure to clear those contaminants, and the prospect of a vicious climate. Their plight is extremely serious. Their journey from Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, to van Steen, Namibia, has been the subject of attention since President Bush issued a proclamation authorizing his travel there in July 1998. The land, known as the Okavango Delta, is one of the world's largest.
(CNN) -- Some headlines are hailing her as the bravest woman in Mexico. Marisol Valles Garcia, all of 20 years old, says she's just tired of everyone being afraid.|||Vilandia, one of the areas hardest hit by the ongoing insurgency, voted Monday to let the public reclaim the name and address of Valles Garcia, rather than putting it on a parade podium or calling her the "barrio's finest." Hours later, a visibly moved Valles Garcia was photographed striding on the beach, taking in all the festivities surrounding May Day. Some of her images quickly gained attention worldwide, drawing comparison with the protests in the United States. But it's the woman whose story is being much more widely known. Words no one predicted become the lyrics of Michael Jackson's "Let's Go Crazy." Most of the comments on newspapers back home have been supportive. On national television,, celebrities like Aerosmith frontman Carlos Santana congratulated Valles Garcia, adding, "Let's keep it real.""This is what it is. We are all so afraid," Valles Garcia's sister, Parriz Valles Carrasco, told CNN affiliate Univision. "I am so saddened by the terrible conditions that will only continue until we all are displaced from our homeland. We are going to go back to Mexico, and until we can get over this fear." Valas Garcia, a dentist, is staying at the state mental hospital in Altamira, Tabasco. She's receiving counseling and speaks periodically in Spanish. An interpreter, Emely Godinez-Ortiz, translated by CNN's Gabriel Garcia, helps her with her English. Valles says she feels the need to focus on the future and not worry about the pain and suffering she'll be forced to endure. "It is not about me, it is about what happens to my family. The war, it is killing our community, killing our country," she says. "That is going to happen -- it is the war." Valles says the festival will not take place until June. "Now we need to start supporting this country," she says. "It is clear we don't have a government to address this problem." Mexico's rising militarization and violence has shifted its focus from the city of Mexico City to the surrounding areas. "It has pushed us into this porous border that is becoming very dangerous," Valles said. "Everywhere, there is a problem that is possible to a very high degree. I believe people are afraid to say it out loud, I think that's why they want to be violent." In a statement, Prime Minister Felipe Calderon of Mexico, issued no formal comment on Valles Garcia's heroic actions. "I applaud the brave step taken by this young woman for standing up to the extremist elements in her community. She represents Mexican youth. "Children of all ages are encouraged to stand for what they believe," Calderon said. "If you feel that you are under threat, you should speak up. It is up to you. People think we have no choice but to take action and we do have to do that." Valles puts her actions about staying positive. "They want to make the public believe that every time there is one, and then they will forget," she says. The construction, she says, is annoying. "I feel sad at times because I feel like it does not happen often enough. Everyone sees us walking out and realizes that it is one thing, but it is because of us that they don't believe we are so brave."
Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant experienced full meltdowns at three reactors in the wake of an earthquake and tsunami in March, the country's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters said Monday.|||About one-third of the nuclear reactors on the world's most sensitive nuclear infrastructure remain offline, according to Japan's Nuclear Regulatory Agency. On Sunday, the agency notified Japan's Daiichi plant authority that the core reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Power Station had halted in their cooling systems, the NRA said in a statement. The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant has three reactors -- Kashiwazaki-Kariwa and Kansai -- located north of Tokyo. Kansai boasts the world's fourth-largest population of geology, and three have long been designated as a particularly vulnerable to nuclear decomposition. Then there's Fukushima Daiichi, a 25-story high residential hillside in west Japan, the oldest power plant in the world, which has employed workers there for more than 120 years. Survivors have been moving day and night to lower-temperature areas like the Tokyauyama Dome and its neighboring location as preparation for an evacuation zone. They also have to contend with three reactors at some places -- Ōta, Hyogo, and Tokisha -- where reactors are running at low temperature and vulnerable to radiation. The three reactors -- Kashiwazaki-Kariwa, Hokkaido, and Kansai -- are part of the facility at Kashiwazaki-Kariwa, and Nagasaki, the area surrounding the plant, are the second and third largest all-nuclear plants in the world, according to the Department of National Defense. The safety zones around the Fukushima Daiichi plant are set to go into effect on May 17. CNN's Jim Perry and Priscilla Foster contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa.|||P Power, effort, and raw material are all on the agenda for Bahrain's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. Al Khalifa is facing the pressure from the investors, bankers, energy utilities, and those with their pockets stuffed. "We have to urgently increase the mannet (the quality of work) and our staff and expand the economic horizons." The Prince of Bahrain has long been a key player in the growth of the country. "We are delivering a strategic vision to the market," Al Khalifa said earlier this year. The king and his wife visited Bahrain's largest company, Bahrain Telecommunications Corporation, a week ago in a city he regards as one of the best in the world. "They are fine with us, it's their strong will that has given us the power to make it happen," he said. Saud al Abdulla, the chairman of the board of the Bahrain Institute of Finance and Development, has also visited. "The projects, they create an environment for investment." And so, the story goes. The Hebrides are drawing roots of their own success thanks to the calmness, investment and stability that Al Khalifa has poured into the economy. One of MME's main contributors is Christopher Jensen, a journalist and commentator based in Dubai. Every Friday and Saturday during November, Chris Jensen hosts a show in U.S. cities that challenges stereotypes about Bahrain. CNN's Grace Jones Jones, who spent 11 years reporting in Bahrain, has been travelling around the kingdom behind the scenes with the King to ask the country's top questions. Click here to access video from CNN in U.S. cities. Jordan's Jordan is an innovator, producers, innovator, and innovator. It also has a strong entrepreneurship streak. In fact, it is the only country in Jordan that has a government-led trade promotion board, according to ICIJ. Jordan is the only Arab country where foreign investment is legal, which enables the export of merchandise both domestically and abroad. With that, Jordan can fully engage with its local people on a regular basis. It also gives them a destination. Jordan has a military base that was established in 1899. D.J. Ismail is the daughter of the independence hero King Ali I of Jordan. Jordan's leader was a young prince during the reign of Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Khalifa, who died in 2005. Sheikh Tamim was made the crown prince by al Khalifa. In 2011, he became prime minister of Bahrain, which became the 10th Arab state. He is widely considered to be the more stable of the two. CNN's Brent Jellison contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Traffic was halted briefly Friday afternoon on the Bay Bridge -- between San Francisco and Oakland -- due to what the California Highway Patrol described as "police activity."|||" and four Marines on the San Francisco Bay Bridge were shot near Oracle Arena, the second-largest in the United States, according to the California Highway Patrol. But no survivors were found. Police say they hit one of the drugs and bullets outside the arena, located between the Oakland entrance to the Downtown Bridge and the Golden Gate Bridge, the bureau said in a statement Friday. Several "high-profile cars were damaged," the CHP said. A CHP spokesman earlier said officers were on the scene but that no one was injured, CNN affiliate KGO reported. Bay Bridge cars were pulled over around 4:30 p.m. in a heavily traveled area between San Francisco and Oakland -- nearly a mile farther north than usual. The videos showed about 200 of the drivers leaning out of parked cars, focusing on their cell phones while trying to catch a glimpse of the interior of the span. Some of the cars were broken down, police said. CNN's Susan McLaughlin contributed to this report.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistani armed forces have killed 80 militants since launching an assault on a region recently held by the Taliban, the military announced Sunday.|||Speaking identified three Pakistan Taliban militants — two of them Taliban -- who have been killed, while the other died of battle wounds. Their spokesman said that both Taliban fighters and six civilians have been killed during the recent operation in North Waziristan Province, but the death toll rose to 15 because the Taliban wanted the figures for the Saturday operation to be kept secret for fear of retaliation. The Taliban said it has killed 80 Pakistani soldiers and 150 civilians. President Pervez Musharraf, who authorized the operations, said the attack "purged all sanctuaries" and confirmed that more than 400 militants were killed.But security experts say that the most crucial threat to the peace in the South Asian nation, including to security forces, is from militants engaged in cross-border attacks, tribal and religious affairs, and militants that are inspired by either ideology or ideology to pose a threat to Pakistan's security and security.Media woes in the country are likely to push Islamabad to extend the ceasefire agreement that has been in place for more than three months. The Islamabad government says it was not meant as a reward for eliminating the militants, but to bring them to justice. The surprise announcement came ahead of a conference of the political leaders on Saturday in Lahore. "The political parties in Pakistan have been against" any moves by security forces to establish the cease-fire with the United States or other countries, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said. Without the agreement, coalition governments have not been able to get troops or equipment into the region where militants have captured the region. News of U.S. airstrikes in July helped ease tensions, though the public had been doubtful about whether they were imminent. The Pakistani military would not confirm any such strike, saying it was not a military operation. But on a trip last month to the South China Sea, U.S. Fifth Fleet sailors said they were offered up in exchange for their lives and treasure. Some 10,000 aircraft have also been directed to drop supplies and troops in the area -- including about 2,500 B-1 bombers, U.S. officials said. "We launched the offensive against these terror organizations," said a U.S. military official, who asked not to be named for fear of reprisal. The Pakistani military's spokesman said the cease-fire was not ending. "We still have a number of militants in the area," the spokesman said, adding that Pakistani forces have begun a new offensive and dispatched advanced troops to free their brethren. "Those militants will be killed," he said. The Taliban spokesman did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment. "There's a lot of good in there." Qureshi said Pakistan has started a new campaign to focus on its war on terrorism and is holding in Afghanistan against the group the Haqqanis and the Pakistani Taliban. Pakistan's military spokesman said Thursday that Pakistani air strikes against the Haqqanis would continue, and officials planned to begin training, equipping and equipping forces. When the Haqqanis also launched operations against military targets in Kabul, Western TV stations carried images of Taliban children brandishing AK-47s. These images were taken in the Chahbarchi area of northwestern Afghanistan, where Taliban fighters were trying to take over schools and checkpoints. Seven kilometers from the Chahbarchi-Barmachi cross-roads, police closed a section of the town of Gujranwala to prevent them from stepping out of their hiding place, resulting in the deaths of 22 police and soldiers and wounding about 45 civilians. Police said they left some 60 to 70 people dead and hundreds wounded. The Haqqanis had recently seized the area -- their leaders demanded negotiations. Residents say that many area commanders and local administrators turned to guerrillas, who then surrendered, in such large numbers, that life has improved on Pakistan's southwestern border.
Las Vegas, Nevada (CNN) -- It's not just t-t-t-telephones for Lady Gaga.|||But Lady Gaga calling the number as she sang about it at the Super Bowl on Sunday night for the live stream. "It's really sexy, I'm sorry, about the situation, I know, now you know," she said, "But man, I was the one that got caught. This is really terrible, I know you've been worried." More than 60,000 people registered at the Super Bowl Monday night with their phone numbers, according to the FCC, a watchdog group that tracks cell-phone volume. And after her appearance in Atlanta and the subsequent apparent ripoff of a halftime show that hit Sin City, Florida on Sunday, Gaga spent her night on the phone. In fact, her entourage was assembled for her on The Marilyn Monroe Show in the resort's MGM Grand Showroom, where she appeared with John Legend. The singer sold in excess of 350,000 tickets. But there were numerous dropoffs at the AMC ticket window. Gaga later claimed she didn't check into the MGM hotel for two or three hours during the performance, but went straight to the celebrity casino known as Caesars Palace. So what happened to Gaga -- or worse, where does she go to check out her other shows? "Oh, I come here and I feel like a chicken shit," she said, flashing a light in the hallway. "Where did my last piano and my coat come from? No, I'm in a cave. I don't know where they live." She did, however, answer questions about her own song, staying true to herself even in an enormous touring show that boasts country star George Strait and Michael Jackson. She: "I feel really exposed by God's touch. There's nothing of my blood on this stage tonight ... I love my God and I love this feeling so much." There: standing by his side, a man she's saved and sometimes sworn to protect. And next to her, a man the same age. She's referring to Mariah Carey. The singer, for once, wasn't married. And she doesn't talk about marriage while singing. "This night will be very sacred," she said. "There's nothing I won't do for anyone." Even though the event isn't a working venue for Gaga, she and her family are expected to attend. Her team has already arrived at the resort for her follow-up tour. A group of Gaga's hit dancers, including Lauren Cohan and Wes Bellamy, have been working around her. According to Conan O'Brien, it's "a first-class residence, and I think that's an important thing to note." The Jimmy Fallon Show, which will run from June 21-24, will show off some new feats of Gaga's stage work. The show is tentatively scheduled to start Friday and will run for an entire Sunday night. Brad Pitt: Gaga will lead the American Super Bowl halftime show on Sunday night in Las Vegas.
Beijing, China (CNN)  -- President Obama intends to meet the Dalai Lama even though China has warned that such a meeting would harm bilateral ties, a White House spokesman said Tuesday.|||Ambassador Tung Salatungo said Monday that President Obama, who has visited the country at least five times since taking office in 2009, welcomes any offers to meet with the Dalai Lama if China can guarantee a lower level of ties."We certainly welcome any offers to join hands and work together in more substantive dialogue and engagement," he said. "The parties in fact have each already started." Some in Beijing have called on Obama to cancel the meeting but the White House has not responded. The Dalai Lama's government has threatened action if the Dalai Lama is not invited to the White House, according to Tibetan leader Gautama Buddha. In a series of highly anticipated tweets, the Dalai Lama accused Obama on Sunday of "threatening, inciting and abusing human rights for his personal gain." Obama has been saying that his administration wants China to respect Tibet's sovereignty. Political and cultural ties between China and Tibet are frequently in jeopardy and taking pains to point out the political undertones and concerns of Beijing. Despite these tensions, Obama has kept relations with China alive and appears to be continuing an openness that builds on past contacts. In December 2009, Chinese President Hu Jintao surprised the world when he and Obama spoke on the phone. At the time, Hu said he hoped that the president's Asian trip would not cause a crisis. Shortly afterwards, he called Obama a reformist who demanded Beijing recognise the Dalai Lama as a legitimate leader of Tibet. The top two leaders of China and Taiwan have followed through on their requests to free the Tibetan spiritual leader, and Beijing has fought several wars against Tibetan protesters, including the 1989 war that killed a reported 30,000 people. The Dalai Lama had warned during the election campaign that he would not leave his homeland unless the government recognized his role as spiritual leader. He maintained, however, that he opposed official recognition of Tibet. The Obama administration has tried to convince Chinese officials, however, to end concerns over a possible meeting with the Dalai Lama and back the Dalai Lama to stop opposing the White House initiative to meet the Dalai Lama and others as legitimate leaders of Tibet. In March 2010, U.S. President George W. Bush, at a White House ceremony honoring Vice President Al Gore, met with the Dalai Lama, despite strong criticism from Beijing. The President is determined to achieve peace in Tibet.
(CNN) -- With a parade of performers already canceling appearances at SeaWorld, now at least one school class says it's dropping a long-scheduled trip to the park over concerns about the treatment of whales as shown in the documentary "Blackfish."|||The Park Manager Gary Ruiz said Tuesday that, among the groups to have backed an "outstanding offer for schools to visit SeaWorld in SeaCity, Alabama, is eight which "have questioned the treatment of animals and people at SeaWorld," according to a statement from the city of Atlanta. "Its inhumane to live our lives in conditions like this, where subject matter and scientific information was not taken into account," Ruiz said. The classes were scheduled to depart Friday morning from various locations in the city, including four from K-8 classes, said Rose Gibson, an English teacher. "This school was in discussions with SeaWorld some time back," Gibbins said. "Our plan was to take a weeklong trip and we reconsidered our choice." "We think the education process is broken here. SeaWorld's treatment of animals can no longer be considered an 'acceptable basis for learning,'" Gibson said. First announced earlier this year, the park said it would pay for alternatives, while allowing a forced pilot program of unconscious whales to be videotaped to be used as video aids. The response of critics has been swift and swift. Last week, Denzel Washington said he was "blocked" from using an attraction at SeaWorld because he's the owner of the facility and part of the industry. Watch Ted Nugent declare that he will challenge Gov. Kathleen Sebelius: Critics argue SeaWorld isn't making changes. Actor Alan Horn cited the issue as one that "says we're animals and we're doing what we can."
(CNN) -- Somewhere out there, a lucky person -- or two -- may be walking around with a ticket to easy street in his or her pocket, purse or sock drawer.|||The plan is to allow children to snag chips from the late-night TV show "The Simpsons" to rub his or her hands in exchange for cash. It's so ridiculous. And it's true. Since the Simpsons finale "The Simpsons" reruns, some towns don't want public viewers getting to see the last episodes. Others also get to see the popular series because the show is now one of many "feel-good" shows that people watch. For a few seconds it might appear as if life is beyond their grasp. Then, with all the guilty in the world, something happens and the innocence slips away. For four years now, Rolling Stones bandstand guitarist, Peter Frampton, has been buried under his album sleeves. He sings the Best of Everything, a tribute that was made to the late Rolling Stones album, Best Of. Frampton says "there is nothing like this dream." "Because it's a simple dream," Frampton sings, "but the amazing part of it is that for every life lived, one is two." "It's a dream where the one lost from this world, this world, who would believe it?" Frampton said. His and many other music industry legends seem to believe that love is just a choice. Someone might use the sequel to "The Simpsons" to make it even more possible for many Americans to catch a winning lottery ticket, even if it is probably for next year. "I've seen that happen in the past," Frampton said. "It can just happen, and I believe in the future that that will happen." When is your chance at instant entry into the lottery? The answer is always when a natural-born human being comes in -- how you select the person, how you are able to compare the chances of a "yes," a "yes," or a "yes," "a yes" and so on. But perhaps you have already taken the "yes" route, or you think that a smooth and easy life is all that is left. Then you start thinking about the winning ticket -- the ticket itself. First things first, get on some drugs. Second, get off the streets. Third, help some people learn to live. Finally, get off the streets. Those who trust the lottery. Of course, lottery winners are the only ones who will be eligible to enjoy the hidden rewards. It's not about getting a ticket -- it's about winning. Real time. "To much money, so little time," Frampton said. "If you don't know anything about what is like in other countries, with a lot of advantages, you will go right into the casinos and get a much better deal than you would otherwise." Grim stretches far into the Bahamas. His auctioneer may never touch a quarter of a million dollars, the estimate is $2.1 million. But for some people to win one, without a cell phone, all they need is the cash in hand. Or one day when they're 40 minutes from their destination, a ring of thunder breaks through the dark ocean. They will see a pool of thousands of blank lottery tickets, not knowing what lies within. But a "winner gets a door ticket to citizenship." One still stands in the unlikely event that a few lucky people can "hit pay dirt." Two years ago, one of those lucky folks, John Miller, the New Orleans mayor, bought out the expired lottery ticket from Jethro Tull, who called it a "stealing lottery ticket." But Thomas, the full-service TV producer who scouted for Sam Roberts to become a face in "The Simpsons" -- and an accomplice in making "Superman" -- looks like the audience, and he wants to prove that even now, children can be used for good. In addition to the ticket, the theft-only store offers hackers, prostitutes and even worse criminals who try to rattle off records on the spot. These odds are steep. But these people tend to get a first-hand chance to scam the cash register, and a chance to set up an investigation for several pennies. For an information party to clean up their wallet, visitors from the comedy club might hope the tickets are available at Homicide Law School. In return, you get a chance to win a prize. CLICK HERE to access the donation page.
Around this time each year, as I prepare for Mobile World Congress, I anticipate the flood of new and exciting innovations that will be announced, the inspiring people I'll be meeting and the general buzz around mobile on a global scale. I also hope that I will see more women in attendance at the show.|||Income in a flash, I'm sure you'll understand why I wouldn't even begin by writing about this front-runner in the race for next year's game changer: the iPod and iPod Touch. What I hope to do with my keynote this year is tell the story of the grand opening to the Red Box, a special item that will make the undisputed presence of another Oscar contender in that category almost impossible to ignore. The idea of a record $3 trillion IPO has created an industry battle royale between the smartphone industry and its suppliers, leading designers and vendors and a broad range of influential members of the tech community. The biggest winner will be Samsung, but innovation is and has always been powered by change. That is why I will be speaking the two most important themes this year: gender and innovation. And that will include both women in leadership roles and leadership roles (be it in management or in my shoes and on a public platform). Most important for me this year is introducing the best female executives and partners in the industry. Alongside my friends and cohorts, I hope to discuss how a comprehensive launch day, with all the women in leadership roles needed to launch a device such as the Mi, or the future of mobility through design, design and implementation. I also hope to talk more about the importance of building good quality, small and moderate pockets of success in the mobile sector that are where mobile can be defined as being new and creative and green. I also hope that I will see more women in leadership positions this year and in 2014. I need more women to be the future of mobile. The singular responsibility of every tech leader is to make sure the world has a leading position in women leadership. I think I've heard from enough to be able to speak up in women leadership roles. That this is something that needs to be a top priority. The good news is that over the next year, there will likely be more women in leadership positions, a lot more. At the same time, I'll be spending as much time within the industry as I can. We need an extraordinary ecosystem here in San Francisco, and I hope to see women running and launching partnerships that I can use to push products I believe are relevant. I also want to know more about the women in leadership roles within our industry. They will be the engine behind our success. You need to be informed by them. The past ten years have proved a turning point for us. It's clear that we need to keep our feet on the ground and keep pushing the boundaries, innovating together to be the most inclusive organization in the world.
As President Barack Obama channels his inner salesman to pitch military action in Syria, he shouldn't be surprised when he finds a number of congressional doors already closed.|||The House defense committee on Monday voted 49 to 38 not to proceed with military action against Syria, one of Obama's most bellicose arguments. The Republican-run chambers of Congress, home to the civil-rights Caucus and the Freedom Caucus, reject Obama's plan for airstrikes, also known as "removing the cluster bomb," saying they "hurt lives and worsen the humanitarian situation." Senate Foreign Relations Committee Republicans made it clear at a closed session Monday that the possibility of military action is a serious issue. "It would seriously undermine our nation's ability to defend our border and our fragile economy and security interests." U.S. ally Israel was not surprised. The Israeli Ambassador to the U.N. remained adamant in October that "the international community must bear our enduring responsibility to ensure the protection of Israeli interests in the region and its people." The Jewish vote was a sharp warning to President Obama to not try to win a war with Syria. Israel has opposed the proposal and is a strong critic of the administration's use of chemical weapons, including in Libya. Israel's position on Syria (and Israel's reservations about an attack on Syria) is controversial. Israeli Foreign Minister Walid Morshed was particularly scathing in December, even though he was working with allies against Syria: "We should not take up arms against the Syrian government, rather we should hold Syria accountable for using chemical weapons in a manner that will gain them some wisdom and allay the fears about what they may have as a consequence." The United States cannot double-down on the prohibition of chemical weapons in a responsible country, especially one used by a foreign military to attack its own people, according to Human Rights Watch. The Pentagon didn't vote on Obama's supplemental resolution with or against the military action. The Obama administration immediately backed down from its plan. The House and Senate action prohibits civilian involvement in such strikes and has been fully committed to the principles outlined in the 2008 Resolution. The Council on Foreign Relations' dissenting vote is clear: military action is "unacceptable and inexpedient." Existing security sanctions should be lifted within 48 hours, not long after an already existing Libyan-launched cruise missile strikes hit Syrian missiles, the committee said. Unclear, then, is whether the House and Senate can authorize the attack.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A court in Hong Kong has ruled that a British banker charged with the grisly murder of two Indonesian women is psychologically fit to enter a plea on both counts.|||The court ruling to admit them as a defendant is viewed as overly prejudicial for Parathalan, a hard-drinking businessman from Surrey who has drawn attention to the high price tag of Japanese investment banking. The ruling came after Parathalan was arrested in connection with a murder in Jakarta in October. He has pleaded not guilty to the two murders. He is being held in detention for 21 days, where he is expected to appear Monday before a judge. "The insanity court will decide in the matter of Mr Parathalan's mental competence," his lawyer Richard Vernon told reporters after Parathalan's arrival Monday. "It is not exactly reassuring for Mr Parathalan." He said that the two women, whose bodies have not been found, were enemies who once had been jailed and had broken into his London office. "They did not have friends in that office. They did not have any soft places." Patricio Mlynuivaide is accused of murder for killing Panim Penigampun, a teacher and market researcher, at his Jogtha estate in Indonesia. Just after the September 10 murders, he was in custody with prosecutors and had been transferred to the United States to face the additional count of manslaughter.
(WIred) -- Have you been wondering if that new 4G smartphone you purchased is really getting 4G speeds? Wonder no longer.|||4GnuStar, a unit of AT&T, announced on Wednesday that it will begin to provide cellular coverage to existing owners of the "iPhone 6" and "6 Plus" smartphones, beginning in December. "Our phones are the best way for you to stay in touch with friends and loved ones on any Android device. We've tested the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to bring you 3G smartphones, and we are starting to offer 4G phones."The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be available in market December 12 for $169 (about $99 US). They will have a 2GB flash memory and a 10GB micro SD card for an extra $35 (about $44 GB). Huawei has two handsets with 4G, both featuring dual-SIM slots. The device was also designed to include a hardware wipe driver. To see if the device handles WiFi and data, you'll have to go to www.google.com/android-phone. There are also phone apps for Android, iOS, and Windows Phone. "It's not a race that we're looking at -- we're not competing on who can the newest feature. It's a race that is not just about the specs; it's about making sure that the average smartphone user can get whatever they need," AT&T VP of Technology and Support, David Greenblatt, said. "We're willing to take whatever is necessary to make sure the phones are functioning correctly, and as of December 12, Android 6.0 is the first smartphone to be certified as an instant 4G phone." The Note 5 will have LTE speeds from 4G to 3G using 4G LTE for a period of two years starting on December 15. Read all the latest Tech News at WDRB.com.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The United Nations has established more than a thousand health clinics across Pakistan in the wake of widespread flooding, a U.N. official said.|||The more than 52,000 residents were distributed across 10 provinces across Pakistan, 23 of them affected by landslides and winds and flooding. More than 20 people have died, authorities said in an emergency declaration issued Wednesday. "Due to the spread of the dust storm and high waters, the entire country had its first time flood victim struck in nearly four decades. Fourteen other people have suffered severe injuries from the floods. Families were turned away from the flooded areas. Because of the deadly flooding, the medical facility is carrying out its own checks at intervals. The institution opened as a relief center because it was initially limited in its ability to do so, a U.N. official said. Existing facilities at the camp will go into storage when there's no new patient capacity to receive water, the official said. "There is no one I want to harm, but of course we have a responsibility to protect life," said Asim Ali Khan, chair of the U.N. Coordination and Coordination Committee. "After two floods this year, I know there will be other flooding, because I have to deal with this daily and also to manage floods." About 42,000 people have been evacuated. About 10,000 have been relocated to areas that no longer need water. Another 20,000 families are displaced from their homes. Another 300,000 are being affected by the storm. Authorities are hoping to have by Saturday or Sunday hundreds of bridges replaced. Also, hundreds of Pakistanis have already returned to their homes as the floods have receded, said a medical official. CNN's Priscilla LaPlante and Shuja Sayeed reported from Islamabad.
(Mashable.com) -- You can't block CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook.|||But he is being sued again over the case. Facebook currently has a team investigating claims related to data breach. The lawsuit was filed last week and says that while 12 people in Europe have been charged, a "technicality," the investigation does not prove that censorship is a factor. Zuckerberg also admitted that people in the United States may be able to block someone who lives in their country. "Their research seems to show that a person might not even know their country," Zuckerberg said. Facebook is considering a news release about the lawsuit. "Those who don't report this may be charged with assault," Facebook said. Other States are also investigating. Zuckerberg only distributes data as part of Facebook's security, rather than serving a global audience through an official website. But he says all that data exists in the public domain. Where do you learn to block a world-changing CEO? He didn't answer that question. Which questions do you have about Zuckerberg himself? He personally employs more than 30,000 people worldwide. Does he have a charitable nature? "I think not," he said. And while the website, who would he report to? "I think that's a lot of screengrabbers." And he works with a team of people who share his work every day, so it's unclear how they will report him if the lawsuit is successful. "I don't know about your country, or whether the government will look at my privacy personally," he told the agency. Also, on top of the public view, Zuckerberg is potentially a target for more hackers. VIRAL: How Can We Go Harder on Mark Zuckerberg? He Finally Seems To Have Arrived. The FDA says the company can provide schools with anti-harassment laws. So should Congress. Here are some thoughts.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Students at a university in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou were given a scare last week, after dozens of snakes invaded the campus.|||The snake-skin green school campus attracted attention last week when over a hundred snakes and raptors invaded the school, according to the city's animal protection and patrol officials. On Saturday, it was announced that the university had reported a serious snake problem, with 101-to-120 snakes on various parts of the campus, including under the roof, near classrooms and common areas and near the buildings of the student union where teachers work. Teachers at the Guangzhou Buddhist University asked for protection from the university animal protection department and other officials. The university said it was hosting snake conservation groups in the two areas, including an aquarium, weather station, local animal shelters, dormitories and offices. It did not identify the animals in question. Officials at some different university campuses said the snakes got loose after heavy rain and the buildings were wet, according to published reports. The incident occurred at Zhangjiakou University. Students attended classes, using textbooks from the university, Chinese law books and were on campus for about four hours. The snakes were slimy and coated in saliva, and their legs moved like jagged snake teeth as they emerged from under clothing or in a corner of their cage, said university reporter Zhou Haruan. "There were some students who, he feared, were snake-poisoned," Zhou said. "They even came out of the classroom and asked students to put their clothes back on." The wildlife protection and adoption services unit received 222 reports about snake attacks, including 22 deaths, Zhou said. Rescuers in southern China stopped out-of-state students from entering the school. They said five students received medical treatment. Some received chemical medical attention, said local spokesperson Sina Liu. They described the damage done, "to the fabric of our school, about 60% of which may be chemical." Officials also said it was being investigated by the police, but there was no damage to the school. Jiaxing University, a big China university in the far southern province of Fujian, closed its doors after the snakes invaded the campus. Journalist Richard Chiu found the hotel.  People reported the number of snakes, which had consumed food and water, after they entered and used tables to brush aside pets. Police intervened, said Chiu. Cheung Ito, Director of Guangzhou Animal Rescue, told reporters the snakes were not related to the heavy rain that caused water stains on buildings and furniture, and that the walls were not stinging. People left it to the authorities to decide how they would deal with the snakes, Chiu said. They will examine CCTV footage for tips. The university reopened Friday evening, Chiu said. It reopened Monday morning. CNN's Dennis Chong and Ben Jay contributed to this report.
Rome (CNN) -- The Vatican sought Saturday to tamp down rumors involving sex, money and gay priests that have been swirling in the Italian media and have been linked by some to Pope Benedict XVI's decision to resign.|||Frat joins its younger sibling Massimo. Massimo has the same religious specialty as Benedict XVI. He is pursuing a professorship at the Roman Catholic University of Siena, and was a scholar of child psychology and theology, according to the Vatican. Holy See spokesman Federico Lombardi told reporters at a news conference: "What is going on ... is obviously deeply disconcerting for the Catholic Church and for the Church in the Vatican." He said the pontiff welcomes the rights of homosexual people in all religions. "I refer you to (Benedict) XVI. The pope had the courage to be the first pontiff to preach on such an important topic," Lombardi said. The pope favors recognizing gay priests. His recent appointment of a bishop to the vacant Vatican hospital, where Benedict XVI had served for seven years, has forced Italian Catholics to open a Vatican-based dialogue with the pope, Lombardi said. "The papacy chooses who comes into its presence," Lombardi said. "The pope can't avoid it but he has to choose that pope and not the pope with whom he is comfortable and who is always in control." Lombardi confirmed that Benedict dismissed former Vatican Deputy Archbishop Nicola Piaget and other Cardinal Piazza Maria Lombardi at different times. Lombardi said the Vatican, "does not have a hostile attitude toward the LGBT community," but declined to comment on the priests and condemned their actions and actions. He said the papacy "stands with those who present themselves as her brother's son or his priest ... the overwhelming majority of Catholics are quite ready to welcome him." Allegations of Cardinal Lombardi's alleged liberal lifestyle have been at the center of much of Italy's ire over the past two years. The primary allegation is an affair between Pope Benedict and a priest during a visit to America about a year ago. The spokesman suggested the sex was arranged by the cleric, but Lombardi said that the accusation was not credible. Lombardi said he hoped the pope would "take the opportunity to consider the report of an investigation." But Lombardi vowed the Vatican will take "appropriate legal action in this matter." Lombardi said his wishes were a "comprehensive list." Lombardi didn't disclose the names of any of the priests. But Lombardi said they were in safe hands of Vatican officials. He said Lombardi's comments reflected good faith on their part and were intended to reassure Catholic followers and the press. They added that the church wanted to help clergy deal with the allegations "that are becoming a phenomenon" in some areas and with others. "It's good to know that the pope will take whatever steps are necessary," Lombardi said. "We have to become well-prepared for what might happen." The Rev. Antonio Cesar, president of the diocese of Rome, said there was no suggestion he had ordered pedophilia to go underground. Lombardi did not offer specifics on what kind of allegations were aired in some Italian TV and newspaper reports. "These allegations are based on undeniable data and on the facts of the case itself," he said. Lombardi offered no further details on his remarks. Pope Benedict, in his final book, "The Faith and the Faith of the Church," issued December 23. It details how his experiences have inspired him and his life. "Even when I was young, I received a thousand books on Catholicism and literature," the pope said. "I cannot say that what I received was bad but I did not allow myself to be weighed by my emotions." Last week, he said he would force priests and seminarians to recognize the importance of their social and moral responsibilities. In a letter announcing his resignation, Benedict described his departure from the Vatican, according to the Gazzetta dello Sport and the Vatican Press Association. The newspaper said he was stepping down because "the change in bureaucracy has been precipitated by the politicization of the Church and the spread of gossip among younger people." "Pope Benedict resigned in order to do right and to be focused on the survival of the Church," the newspaper said, describing Benedict as "a man with a great love for society and a true vision." CNN's Amy Schmerin in Rome contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- What do they have to be ashamed of?|||When an American rifleman is on a tightrope and just shoots up 10, it's because I'm totally f****** nuts. My response: Can you believe I got my parents as a Christmas present from the two of them who worked in Sears a decade ago? They were strict and liberal and served us their vegetables. I came home from work one day to find the mail waiting for me. My parents were sober, they were careful with it and were careful about commenting. But guess what? No one said anything to them. As a matter of fairness, if I do remember a time when my parents could be even more conscientious about what they did, then I probably could have handled it better. Over time I faced down stereotypes and feelings of guilt, but not that they ought to have felt all this. They are under no obligation to me to claim that what I am doing is "America's fault." They came to agree and came out of the closet. It was they who broke down. I'm sure you've heard the objection that the mother's rule is one of sexualization. I worked it out. I've placed it in front of my kids a number of times since they were small and I feel the same about it. They know that if I took it to the bank, I wouldn't have any license. I didn't practice my in-jokes with the mother. I had only told the kids what their Bible says when they asked me what I should be wearing. No mom ever really said nothing about it." She had raised an ax on six guns before the stroke of midnight, pulled the trigger five times and identified her shooters, but she had given up. Our second fighter, the NYPD detective James Vidette, testified Tuesday before a U.S. House committee to investigate federal ties between the NYPD and ISIS. Vidette praised Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Phoenix for fighting the violence but said the number of people killed by the feds "clearly needed to increase." One month later the FBI and DEA questioned the House sergeant, who is assigned to investigate the clearance along with police, about his shooting of a cop and associated attack on a motorist in north Atlanta. That incident was captured on body cam video, but the FBI is reviewing the footage for connections to the Philly Feds. What's the clear reason why she told the police to hide her body? "My parents have served in the past, so for anyone that we do this with a person that we know, it's probably because they want to give away the location of a missing person," Vidette told the committee. While many people think that these attacks like the one from Fort Hood are responsible for ISIS, in a sense the shootings went further than any other. Homicide cases in particular have taken up the pattern and hide the perpetrator from the public. Many innocent Americans are at risk here, including victims whose lives were scarred by their own personal attacks. As in Fallen Officer 2 and Amanda Cross, the five men taken captive by suspected Islamic militants who exchanged gunfire in Fort Hood were a teen. Their faces were burned to the floor of a Philadelphia mobile justice court. The Rockford Four escaped with their bodies Wednesday, sentenced to 10 years in prison and are being held at The Defenders Complex of Kenilworth, a suburban warehouse, on a terror threat list, according to state warrants obtained by CNN affiliate KOCO. They're suspected of extortion and are out on parole. Karen Neys contributed to this report.
A hearing on the finances of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will be held Thursday in connection with a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of the man he is accused of killing, according to court documents.|||Theaseo that occurred shortly after Hernandez was arrested following a five-week stand-down for life in prison for the killing of Odin Lloyd in Boston last year. A conservator for Hernandez's civil rights on Wednesday hired a lawyer to prepare opinions on how to appeal the order issued in Lloyd's name. In the May 30 ruling, the conservator granted Hernandez's motion to dismiss the lawsuit, and he must write an agreement. The Browns are among the suit's 11 plaintiffs. The claim also seeks to be set aside, prevent the hiring of anyone in the prison, and spend its proceeds on funeral costs and restitution to Lloyd's family. Lloyd's fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins Hernandez, had sought a temporary restraining order against Hernandez, who had been serving a life sentence at the time of his acquittal. "I am a 100% confident that the judge is completely wrong and that the order that the conservator has to provide him is, if allowed, unconstitutional," Jenkins testified Wednesday. "I believe he's left no choice but to lie." Blue Hawley searched unsuccessfully for Hernandez last year when asked if he had a lawyer or did he resign. After being denied, he approached Jenkins after learning the NFL star wasn't working with the Patriots in the offseason, she told the Boston Globe last month. The couple was acquaintances. Hernandez claimed Jenkins had abused him for years. "She lied to him," Jenkins said at the time of Hernandez's acquittal, the newspaper reported. "She said he was fixing her problems. He started abusing me." The company used the screen name B (the initials were used for the wife) Redding before it moved to Massachusetts. Before being transferred, Abbott was arrested in Baltimore on June 13. Williams's fiancee, Celine Dion, told the paper Wednesday that Hernandez "has not worked with him for the last couple of months." He was fired on June 15. After facing questions about the death penalty, the NFL and Brady fired Hernandez from the team. A Patriots spokesman said the team was "unaware of an employment status or contract status" for Hernandez. Authorities said the Patriots did not extend any comment on the lawsuit. Hernandez's attorneys did not immediately return phone messages seeking comment. Authorities also declined to comment. In last month's civil case, Hernandez was acquitted of murder charges for killing former fiancee Avielle Wallace in a June 2013 double-murder. She is in her final weeks of life. "It remains presumed that he will be granted a new trial and so will any appeal of this matter," state prison spokeswoman Jennifer Cogan told the Worcester Telegram & Gazette. The case was referred to the Division of Parole and Probation. A judge entered into the protection order at Hernandez's arraignment, sending him to jail three times before he was released in 2014. CNN's Sara Khan, Ashley Sorscher, Sean Price, Michael Martinez, Suzanne Nossel, Rebecca Joyce, Abbie Birdman and Linda Teibert contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Hurricane Ida moved into the southern Gulf of Mexico Sunday, prompting a declaration of emergency in Louisiana and concern along the U.S. Gulf Coast.|||The past: The moment when Ida raked the southern U.S. Gulf Coast, prompting a state of emergency declaration in Florida, which won't go into effect until Wednesday. But it did come in time for the new National Hurricane Center (NHC) model issued by the National Weather Service. "The center will cover eastern Florida into northern Alabama over the next two days, then head toward the Florida Panhandle and Ohio River," the NHC said. The center said Ida will reach maximum sustained winds of 90 miles per hour in about 24 hours. In Louisiana, Governor Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency for the capital city of Baton Rouge on Saturday, clearing the way for the governor's office to monitor Ida's approach. "This is the first time since Katrina that a hurricane is going to slam into the coast, and this is a first for the Gulf Coast," Jindal said Sunday at an emergency press conference in New Orleans. "And it's not something we have seen before." Officials issued flood warnings from New Orleans to the Louisiana-Texas state line. Jude Hicks, the public information officer for the city of New Orleans, told CNN by phone that there are one hundred hundred shelters in operation "and that is one evacuation shelter for a bunch of people. But ultimately, it's just a matter of when Ida will hit." Ida has affected southern Florida, which is under a tropical storm watch as far south as Port Wobegon, Florida, and coastal Alabama, where the National Weather Service predicts 10-15 inches of rain. E-mail to a friend.
(CNN) -- While he fell short of bluntly saying, "I told you so," Alexei Miller, arguably Russia's most powerful energy executive, warned the West that it may not be able to count on Mideast and North African energy supplies as it once did.|||The situation, and as a result, the West considers a trilateral nuclear deal with China and India preferable. "I think we would be better off going ahead and going to the West now and working towards that," U.S. Energy Secretary Henry Kissinger said Tuesday in an interview in London. "If you go by Russia's proposal you should be under no illusions." Then U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice put forth a similar proposal -- only a diplomatic clarification. But on climate change, and in the short term, differences are worse, Rice warned: "There is no support." "I think it is important to understand the energy of the Middle East," she said. "To know the basic facts is that, yes, it is true," she continued. "I think it would be wise to set up a dialogue with the Arab League and the Palestinian people and try to direct them toward reform." Rice noted that eight countries in a region is exporting oil. One of the world's biggest industries is oil and gas, and Western companies have come to depend on Russian trade for a growing portion of their energy needs. Other countries will follow, with one being Saudi Arabia, the world's largest, although oil exports there were curtailed in the 1990s. The UAE, the second-largest exporter, is reaching its limit on energy output. Iran, its archenemy, also is aiming to bolster exports. But neither the Gulf States nor Iraq can rely upon U.S. and European markets because of high energy prices and because they are not subject to Western sanctions. But Saudi Arabia's government believes the United States can spare three billion dollars from sanctions and is making good on its promise. Last September, Mideast powers signed a deal for the creation of the Arab Petroleum Export Corporation. That allows Saudi Arabia, an integrated energy entity, to meet its needs. And Saudi Arabia has said it will take care of any post-sanctions obligations on the continent, with which it has with Saudi Arabia and with its neighbors in the rest of the Arab world. Much of this means understanding the neighbor's responsibilities. Until now, Saudi Arabia -- and others like it -- have traditionally relied on oil from the Middle East and North Africa. But Moscow's Energy Ministry has spoken out about the lack of visibility from the Middle East into the oil markets. The Russian ministry also issued a statement in favor of a European commercial dispute with Iran, which it says will send millions of more U.S. citizens to seek work abroad, arguing that its domestic energy market is "unequivocal." The European Union, however, has said there is no such problem. Despite Russia's concerns, the United Nations Security Council and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe are not expected to impose sanctions on Iran, given how closely Russia and Saudi Arabia cooperate and even co-operate.
(CNN) -- An 11-year-old boy has been detained by Bahraini authorities for nearly a month for allegedly participating in an "illegal gathering" and for burning tires, an arrest that human rights groups say comes amid the country's continued crackdown on anti-government protesters.|||The boy, who lived in al-Shammariya, is an 8-year-old Iraqi living in the U.S. capital of Washington, D.C. "He participated in various activities, but he never did anything," said Mohammad Inez, national spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Bahrain. E-mail to a friend. "While investigating, the United States embassy received a telephone call. It was to file a complaint with Bahrain police, QAED-17, demanding that the boy be released." He was released around 9 p.m. on April 20, QAED said. Palestinian Human Rights Watch called in a written appeal on Friday against the arrest, calling on Bahrain to open an investigation. "He faced charges of "provocative" and "unlawful gathering," warned Ayelet Al Aghdam, director of the group's Bahrain office. QAED, a rights group, called on Bahrain's government to step up its human rights and democratic reforms. Bahrain's chief prosecutor, Abdulla Youssef Rakhmon, and the president of United Nations Children's Fund, Tamim bin Hamad al-Khalifa, said in a joint statement that "his report corroborates the release of these children." The lawsuit was filed in the United Nations Human Rights Committee in September. The case has not been opened in a case in Bahrain. Rakhmon was arrested in his North Manama home, QAED said. According to Human Rights Watch, there are also reports of similar arrest of Iraqi children in the U.S. and Australia, but they have not been published in their countries of origin.
(CNN)A year after a massive coal ash spill into a North Carolina river, Duke Energy said Friday it would pay $102 million in a proposed settlement of nine criminal charges filed against the company by the U.S. government.|||Prosecutors filed an indictment against Duke Energy, which had already settled with environmental groups over alleged efforts to illegally remove ash from the Dan River, hours after the company brought the federal charges to court. That clean up was to be the response to a federal judge in Wake County, North Carolina, to investigate an ash spill that was supposed to be months ago, but instead spilled July 15, 2014, into the Little River into the river, the federal Department of Justice said last December. Of the 20 lawsuits filed against the company over the spill, 11 allege environmental crimes, the rest allege violations of federal law, state law and state rules or regulations. Duke Energy, whose employees were required to decontaminate 8.42 million tons of coal ash at a treatment plant in Roxboro, North Carolina, officials were criticized on Friday for failing to take necessary steps to stop the spill. CNN's Josh Cornfield contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- The president's top counterterrorism adviser says there is indisputable evidence that dozens of terrorist groups have sought weapons of mass destruction. But a U.S. intelligence official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said although al Qaeda clearly wants a nuclear weapons capability, it hasn't gotten very far.|||Obama: Talks have stalled on nuclear weapons since 1998. "I know this isn't the origin of Iran. We can't solve every problem by reducing these by one, so -- of course -- we need to do a lot more."
(CNN)In a rare reference to the sexual assault allegations against him, Bill Cosby told a woman attending his comedy show that, "you have to be careful about drinking around me."|||The Gov. Jerry Brown's office issued a statement today saying that he spoke with Cosby "to apologize for his past behavior and to encourage him to treat others with respect and dignity." Penn State University said that when Bill Cosby addressed the crowd on Monday night after his show there were a few people attending who might have tried to sneak a drink or were at least slightly tipsy. "His words were serious, regrettable and honest, a reminder that where he's been, there may be situations that are more serious," a spokesman for Pennsylvania State University said in the statement. See Cosby's response on the fight over Bill Cosby's actions ». Cosby's words did not come from his mouth, the university said in a statement. Rather, a representative told CNN: "His words are quite clear and remarkable and wishful thinking." Who knew Bill Cosby could say that about anyone?. He said "my assertions are absolutely true," according to a university spokesman. As years of sexual assault allegations have risen against him, Cosby and his accusers have insisted that he has "indeed, and I believe that I have acted honorably and every time in my life." The lawmakers called on Cosby to "come forward and discuss his representations and remarks of trust and religious teaching," according to a statement released by Turner Broadcasting. The U.S. Justice Department is also investigating the claims made against Cosby. He has denied all allegations of sexual assault and says he has cooperated with authorities in the investigation. CNN's Olivia Calderon contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Might there be a Tyra Banks/Naomi Campbell situation this awards season?|||The block-chain partnership between Banks and Campbell, the lead actress of the 2009 film "Suzanne," was not the first thing that made the Internet talk when the actress's Web Movie Awards nomination was announced Monday. The 49-year-old filmmaker thanked the two actresses profusely, and said she hoped they were proud of her. "I was honored to work with Nick Cannon. And what I could not know, about movie business? Just like things change," Campbell told the Associated Press. "I am honored to be in this industry. Why, maybe no other medium, why would I want to be part of that industry? I don't know. But when I heard the rumors ... There is no woman like her. The other woman in Hollywood is beautiful. And what have you seen, you don't get to check her. You pay her. And she isn't talking." Banks has spoken about her inspiration to work on projects that suit her. But Campbell said she is a fierce competitor. "I love supporting so many people," she said. But more than making movies, she takes great pride in being her own equal in her business. "I believe there is a good foundation that people make themselves by going to work every day." Campbell hinted she was nominated for the competition short on acting. "I feel like my chances are half 100 percent and then half nonexistent," she said, expressing no regrets. "That is what I do in Hollywood. And I tell my story. I have to run my own act." MTV's Josh Evans on Monday night called out Banks's appearance at a MTV Movie Awards after her Red Carpet acceptance speech during the MTV Movie Awards after paying her a million dollars to promote "Suzanne." Banks quickly responded, saying she doesn't pay her fees, "It's true, and I go to the gym." "I do, oh yea. It's not like Oprah." CNN's Sam Hayes weighed in on whether Banks is making a comeback with a tell-all book. Banks and Campbell's Web Movie Awards nomination has come to the fore as one of this year's best. Campbell and Banks share the same agent and industry renowned name, Gabriel Costa. Costa said Banks may already be coming to TV. "Tyra's last contract is with Time Inc.," Costa said. Last summer's MTV Movie Awards. Banks, 35, said at the time that Campbell's "relationship with Time Inc. is fantastic. ... If it's recent or if it continues it's a love story, I feel like both of us have something in common." Banks also defended Campbell, saying she has not told anybody about the separation. Banks said Campbell is the correct actress for the role. "She was looking at clothes for Naomi," she told PEOPLE. "She gave her word." Banks will face her biggest competition yet. Campbell looked absolutely great on "Suzanne." Vulture wrote that Banks starred in the 2011 MTV Movie Awards short, a Comedy 1, which earned her an Emmy nomination for "Headline Beater."
(CNN) -- Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday, but it gave manager Jose Mourinho little hope that his side can win the title.|||Chelseawich City 2-0 Burnley Burnley 3.45-45 ChelseaMaurizio Sarri made it three consecutive wins in a winning City of Manchester start to his reign as Chelsea manager but with his current side still without a win in four games, the Bianconeri might be disappointed with their latest league result. The win over Burnley allowed a Merseyside derby winner Manchester City to move clear of Arsenal at the top. Meanwhile, Mourinho said his best team is Manchester City, who deserved to be in front, but they have spent the majority of the season without a win. They returned the favor by doing almost everything right. English coach Jose Mourinho also dismissed a post-match question regarding goalscoring, saying, "I'm not ready to talk about that." Both will fail to tackle what are arguably the best players in the Premier League and by combining the likes of Luis Suarez, Angel Di Maria and Cristian Rodriguez. Mourinho should know the truth because he used the same player in a Manchester derby seven years ago and Chelsea won the title. "I think the best team was Stoke," Mourinho told reporters. "It's one game. They were terrible, they were excellent for 78 minutes but without scoring a goal for four minutes and then just three minutes afterwards they scored against us. "That was my first disappointment," he added. "It hurts to not win as much as you'd like, I had four goals, two from Eden Hazard, it's a massive defeat for us." Two goals between two teams secured the league title for Arsenal, who should be back in the top four, but are 13 points off Arsenal after losing 4-1 at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday. Chelsea missed a two-goal lead to Burnley, while Wolves managed only a 1-1 draw against Arsenal. Boss Arsene Wenger has previously told reporters: "If it's a 2-1 win we're the ones to beat." Arsenal next play at Swansea City on August 12. Arsene Wenger has warned Borussia Dortmund to be wary of Chelsea, although no other side so far this season has yet to travel to London. Arsene Wenger also has an eye on the rest of the world Cup as the world champion team return to the tournament. Spurs and Manchester United are both tied on points on Tuesday night and have beaten Arsenal and West Ham before, winning 2-1 in Monday's FA Cup third-round ties. The second leg of the clash, at home to England's third-placed Premier League side Swansea, takes place on August 26. The winner will then play a direct match against Sunderland in the fourth round.
(CNN) -- A deadly winter storm that began in Southern California and stretches to Texas threatens to wreck Thanksgiving week travel plans all the way to the Atlantic.|||Residents of Texas and Florida asked local authorities on Monday to exercise caution traveling in west Texas as a mandatory evacuation order continues ahead of the massive storm expected to move across the region on Thanksgiving. California has been spared so far from the worst of the storm, but meteorologists say it is a prime target. Farther north, dangerous blizzard conditions cause numerous school delays Monday, major road closures, crashes and wildfires in New York and California. And across the east, the storm that started in a narrow strip of mountain terrain, has expanded inland and churned through areas as far north as Pennsylvania. The latest forecast for Florida is for snow accumulations of about 1.8 inches, with an accumulations amounting to about 5 inches of snow by the end of the weekend. The National Weather Service in Miami put that total at 6.3 inches. The storm overland extended from Arizona into the northern part of the South Plains, including parts of Canada, in addition to the hurricane-size storm that swept through the Bahamas earlier this month. Almost from the Panhandle of Florida through parts of Maine, New York and Massachusetts, major areas of snow fell. That includes Cape Cod and Fredericksburg, Virginia. Some of the worst storms came from Tropical Storm Lee on May 21, according to the National Weather Service. The storm, known locally as "the bull's eye" in South Florida, brought strong winds and dropped up to 27 inches of rain on the East Coast. Freezing rain gripped many areas Saturday. Lake Erie, Riviera Beach and Long Island remained under water Monday, requiring police to sweep them out to help residents. A severe thunderstorm that weakened existing ice patches at areas such as the New Orleans area and rural New York threatened to blow away hundreds of homes in San Fernando Valley in what became "Spartanburg," said Max Bass, spokesman for the New York City Metropolitan Police Department. Snowfall Monday piled up to 12 inches, police said. "We saw one site where 35-foot snowflakes made it into this windshield, right above a light - weight blade on the windshield," Bass said. "It's pretty bad." The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for many of the eastern U.S. Gulf Coast states through Wednesday night. People on the Gulf Coast are praying for the storm to pass, Bass said. "We're concerned about the accumulation of snow," he said. Some coastal residents evacuated from travel routes as well, Bass said. "We thought we had a few minutes before the storm would pass and travel could be possible," he said. In Hawaii, officials are urging those who need to travel to their destinations to take care of personal items, he said. Water and heavy snow were the main risks Thursday morning for Hawaii. "We should remain vigilant of any potential storm surge," the state's Department of Health said in a statement. "The forecasts don't match any weather models. We're alert to the strong winds the storm has set, especially in the north and east. We're preparing for possible flooding that could cause a power outage." CNN's Adriana Heffernan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The cities of Annecy, Munich and Pyeongchang will battle it out to host the 2018 Winter Olympics.|||An I race: What makes my latest Instagram post unique? Thank you, Nicole Cacioppo! These photos showed the replica competition for the 2018 Winter Olympics and we took about 170 million followers before publishing this post. These photos should be our archives. © Sports Illustrated and All rights reserved. Earlier, we told you about the gender-inclusive and age-played competition between cities that vying for the prestigious Olympics. Please be sure to look after yourself and your digital platforms. If you're a parent or a major employer, here are 5 tips for helping your kids prepare. -- Stand to benefit from the non-discrimination laws between states. If you're an employer who plans to give employees paid leave with short notice, please do so only to support your company. Students can also use their legal rights. I-380 might well strike out and you'll go out as an I'm Not So Smelly parent. Thank you. -- Although similar, we used to pay children to post on our official sites and put up banners for the banned products. We do not allow them now. -- Country of origin.  Choose from this list. -- Vincent Dufour, Pierre-Henri Proulx & Richard Chensel, Maxime Savary . For Marie-Thérèse Trempault, the city of Annecy. -- Winning any Winter Games in 2022 would be great for France. You can watch what's happening in this international series on France 24:12 ahead of the Games. -- The Games generated more than 50,000 tickets in 2012 with 7,000 of those in Annecy's free bid. A new school that’s nearby would be a hit with children because it would provide a kindergarten and after school program for 35,000 children. -- Read about the International Olympic Committee. (CBS) This is an issue you need to know about. : © Reuters The ratings that these three cities are offering provide direct information for buyers. Other countries will follow suit. They're looked at for several years. News of the trials is available on their websites. -- Le Monde: "In June 2012, organizers of the Monaco 2012 Olympic Winter Games announced their committee would select their chosen city from out of the eight finalists. The committee approved the naming of Bern, Lyon, Marseille, Albi, St. Moritz, Tallinn, Sarajevo, Serbia and Tunisia. It also named Trepdam as the host of the 2015 Pan-African Games. The worst bids from Annecy and Monaco came before the announcement."
Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. military is gearing up for a possible influx of Haitians fleeing their earthquake-stricken country at an Army facility not widely known for its humanitarian missions: Guantanamo Bay.|||Some of the work at Guantanamo will be on long-term humanitarian operations. Haitian authorities have said President Michel Martelly will announce the action to deploy ground troops and unarmed soldiers within three days. Haiti is facing severe economic and humanitarian problems in its southeastern neighbor. Thousands of Haitians are believed to have fled the country, leaving behind much of their personal belongings and possessions. The Labor Department is advising police, hospitals, food banks and other assistance agencies to turn away any Haitian who asks for shelter. "We have not decided to tell them that they can stay at Guantanamo Bay, that they're not allowed to leave or go to a housing facility," an Army spokeswoman told CNN. "We can say at this point that there may be a massive influx of Haitian nationals coming to the United States for humanitarian reasons." It's not exactly known how many Haitians have ended up at Guantanamo, but their initial situation may be closer to 300,000 to 300,000 than initially thought. Paul Revere, Haiti's information minister, said Thursday that 200 people have already been evacuated to Panama, and the military aid agency is ready to move more from Haiti to the United States.
Editor's note: This is another in a series of Business Insider commentaries debunking common tech myths.|||Sorry for combining these facts with their incorrectness. I cannot agree more. As a Fool contributor to Entrepreneur, I enjoyed reading this week's "Conversation" story about one of my favorite startups and companies. I do not condone these statements, nor do I believe they have to do with TechCrunch. However, they can play a part in helping solve the fake news problems we've all been living with for the past several years. I used to depend on Flash and Digg (also selling these false claims) for all my marketing and to provide an up-to-the-minute summary of daily tech news. And it still works. For the record, Flash, an app that makes Google Maps into a bit of a digital novel, came to the new format earlier this year. Data is published in a few select bits of three columns of the Wall Street Journal and Slate. Details on digg.com and the WordPress news feed can be found at this link. DJ Coverdale, a former executive at Microsoft (SLS), was an intelligence guru at the company. He later graduated from the MIT Media Lab. His observation of the UN explosive devices that killed thousands of people in Paris was published in his "Mining and Developing the Nobel Prize Speech: A Dictionary and Conclusions" in May 2014.
Washington (CNN) -- Hurricanes are rare in Hawaii. It's even rarer when an incumbent governor or senator loses a primary election in the state. It had never happened before Saturday.|||TheSen. The incumbent governor, who lost to Republican Rep. Lynn Jenkins. Jenkins has an 8-point lead in the GOP primary to Jenkins, but Jenkins finished a little over 3 points clear of Kenichi Jang in a three-way race. In that race, Jenkins was the one narrowly defeated despite the popular vote at 7 percent. The Republican only has a majority of two seats in the legislature and at least one can be appointed by a president. The changes were made to the Senate map due to a decision by a two-term Republican governor to appoint the replacement of Jenkins, who quickly lost the bid because he lacked endorsements from party leaders. Jenkins is running against eight Democratic challengers, while Kenichiro Harada and David Walden narrowly won their respective primary elections with roughly 9% of the vote, Thomson Reuters reported. Because of the potential death of Jenkins because of the threat posed by Hurricane Jose, legislators on both sides of the aisle voted to suspend the election. They postponed the primary until August. Tens of thousands of jobs will be impacted, too. Negotiations for the temporary extension are set to begin in the days ahead.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- North Korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial Yongbyon nuclear reactor on Friday.|||D news agency PTI reported Monday that North Korea would blow up the blast chamber as part of its daily military drill.
(CNN) -- Andrea Jaime was a student in Georgetown University's School of Nursing and Health Sciences. Yet before she could graduate and help others, she became a patient herself.|||The Problem: Jaime is undocumented, but she doesn't seem to care, because she's heading home to see her father and being with his two grandchildren while her mother continues battling depression. What she does care about, however, is that "my father is a very sick man." It's not unusual for Jaime to hear of cohabitating persons who face developmental and mental health disorders. She had already committed herself to working in a mental health clinic when she became aware of her own medication problems. That was in August, 2009, a semester before she graduated from Georgetown University's School of Nursing in May 2010. Jaime graduated in August 2010 with a Bachelors of Nursing degree. But her natural anxiety and fear of sharing her faith and her family's health went well beyond self-care. In fact, Jaime pushed to turn her pessimism into the kind of desire she saw in her peers and found inspiration. A month later, in August 2011, when Jaime was, again, nursing a patient, as she pulled out of the hospital and headed to her father's home, she noticed a problem. Now Jaime has a doctorate from Georgetown and she wants to work in other places to serve others who may need her. Jaime said: "That's where a lot of my skepticism and my unwillingness to give up can come in handy." Dr. Nils Hurtbaud said it is rare for someone to display anxiety and aggression while studying to graduate from the program. "And Andrea didn't have a choice," he said. "She had to come here." In 2012, Jaime graduated from Georgetown University's undergraduate program, but she still faced her own fear. The neighbor who developed Leukemia from consuming tainted foods, shot her, breaking her arm and strangling her, Jaime said. And she struggled getting support as she tried to find a job. Jaime, 22, now lives in Maryland with her family. Her mother says their son has finally learned to eat "regular foods" without fear. "He told me, 'This doesn't taste good, but I know he'll have everything you've been promised him,'" she said. Jaime told CNN affiliate WGBH that last month's suicide is not part of her professional career. Though she is a registered nurse, Jaime does not do formal nursing certification and does not receive outside medical training. She has been working to get an internship. "I try to help them get a better job in the hospital to help them acclimate to having a job," she said of physicians. Jaime said her father's complicated family life creates unwanted obstacles for her. "It's hard enough for my mother to go through all this," Jaime said. "But they are still trying to accept me. And you need to set goals and keep going." The condition was identified in October 2010, about a week before Jaime's birth. She told CNN that she has experienced chemotherapy and electroshock therapy in order to treat her neck and back pain. "My body was the only problem, the illnesses were overwhelming me," Jaime said. "I didn't know exactly what to do."
An Indonesian maid has told a Hong Kong court that she was tortured for six months by her former employer, who shoved a vacuum cleaner tube into her mouth, tearing her mouth.|||He Mihiko Makoenyola, 27, said she was made "very drugged" and raped by her former employer for more than six months, including by him cutting the cloths of her bag. "My only wish was to find a way to get free. I even want to tell people the truth. Maybe I should go to Jakarta," Makoenyola told the court Thursday. 'What are you going to do? I'm not even going to kill you. I'm sorry.' Makoenyola said in her testimony that she was "extremely cruel" to her former employer. It was Makoenyola's assertion that the abuse started when he trapped her in a car on a bus in Hong Kong in late 2010, in a vacant lot. At that time, Makoenyola was receiving abuse over the issue. "The way he would use everything was, he'd either smack your face and then put the cloth over your mouth and rub salt on it," Makoenyola told the court. "He'd throw rocks at your head, then he would place his hands over your mouth. One day he just put his hands on your nose and then he crushed your nose." Makoenyola told the court that she was verbally abused and beaten by her former employer, not having any say in the matter. "I thought I was too good for him," she said. Makoenyola said she was injured and left for dead when her employer asked to see her a few days later. The former employee was working at an Indonesian restaurant. Makoenyola tried to get help from Indonesian staff, but ended up taking an injured woman to an emergency room, said an official. The city police interviewed Makoenyola and called HOPE Hospital for human rights violations, she said. The clinic has since been taken over by the Hong Kong police. Makoenyola said she was imprisoned after a month. Makoenyola said she was treated for hypertension, with an extreme cold and extreme exhaustion. She was given medication for asthma, and tranquilizers to help her sleep. "I'm not surprised for anything I do, because it's very routine for her," Makoenyola said. "I'm not against the penal system." She said she had a good family life, but she wants a better place. Makoenyola was sentenced to three years in prison. "What I am having to do right now is pay half a million dollars and if they don't sell me, I can't pay. I need food and clothing for myself," Makoenyola said. "I hope they'll pay me the rest." Makoenyola confirmed her client was dead, but refused to be interviewed. "She didn't want to talk about it. She said she thought her daughter would be in tears," Makoenyola told the court. A toxicology report discovered that Makoenyola had no methamphetamine in her system. In May 2013, Makoenyola ruptured her aorta and left scars on her torso and back. The following month, Makoenyola was jailed for three months. A month later, she was released on bail. After her release, Makoenyola was arrested by police again, and told investigators she was raped. He pleaded guilty and admitted the rape when police questioned him. Makoenyola's advocate, T-Wiriyoko Tashi, told CNN last week that Makoenyola "changed her story. She tried to free her and to escape into Chinese territory." He denied his client's claims, but Makoenyola said that was her last chance. Makoenyola didn't speak to the court. "Her ordeal is still under review," he said. "She still has to try to get her justice," T-Wiriyoko said. "She is still in China now. No other allegation has been made."
(CNN) -- Liane Moriarty knows playground politics. The Australian author features catty mothers, birthday party snubs and a debauched parental gathering in her latest novel, "Big Little Lies."|||Moriarty had good reason to pick up an #WeTolerateSoMuchMovement Twitter account: It was sent to her phone from the book that first brought her to world attention in May, 2011. She reacted with a "funny" comment but canceled on Twitter as the traffic jam built around her post. The tweet wasn't the first time Moriarty had critiqued Twitter, retweeting recent Dailymail posts about bloggers from the "No Matter What." But the timeliness of a tweet from that popular figure has led to not only snide comments but flippant retorts -- with actual phrases such as "Fatty lame moles?" "Silly feminism? Think it over." "Is that garbage? Tea girl?" Moriarty shrugged and asked, "Too many people are offended by coffee cups?" Adolphe Olivier, director of the French Festival of Literature at the University of Toulouse, told CNN that Moriarty tweeted out the kind of things she might encourage a specific group of female writers to do. "She picked up on it in ... a thread of sexism in her 'So What' but she didn't come out and say exactly what! Maybe it's because people call it the 'No Matter What,' you know, don't mean it you do! I'd been there, but I made fun of the word 'no,' but there was no mail." But it wouldn't be the first time Moriarty has allowed women to organize themselves and go to social activities with men. Last month, she said she'll be hosting a talk at a Sydney writers' camp and started sending pitches to mystery writers, but did not respond. "No story can end before the essay is read out loud so there's nothing to lose," Moriarty told CNN. In the short time that we've been waiting for the book, we've already heard a lot of telltale signs: The police and medical authorities are hunkering down to protect the children from autocratic mothers, whose shouting and arguing will also make for hysterical moments. Moriarty is going against stereotypes. Like so many of her contemporaries, Moriarty uses middlespace to explore similar pressures that ordinary children must battle within their own families. Don't believe her story? Watch the cover of the book on Amazon. It may not be perfect but it is moving, and everyone should read it. Moriarty also posted images of "So What" during her book tour for the project. The Instagram posts are not a sign of weak intentions, and they introduce us to a cast of characters who make us feel connected to each other. Moriarty also bonded with some of her characters outside of the book. "We're all family to one another," says Sofia Coppola, who plays Camilla. The feeling was shared at the writers' conference in Louisville. They are also felt at the playwright festival in New York. Moriarty read from the film. Women made some of the most accurate observations about modern family dynamics. E. Jennifer Niven, an astronomer who worked with Moriarty, called Moriarty, in interviews for this book, "transparent" and "socially realistic."
Mariupol, Ukraine  (CNN)Less than two days into a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, deadly violence erupted once again between the military and pro-Russian separatists, casting further doubt about whether the peace plan will hold.|||Why allay the renewed tensions, the latest round of fighting in eastern Ukraine that has been unfolding for weeks. Nine people have been killed since Monday, including five civilians who had been fighting for days, the Ukrainian army said Wednesday. Four of the dead were reported to be children, six were reported to be Ukrainian soldiers. "In spite of the ceasefire it has only continued the deterioration of the situation with local and Russian forces," General Oleh Parush, spokesman for the Ukrainian Armed Forces, said. On Tuesday, presidential order from Russia said the talks failed due to lack of agreement in Kiev. Ukrainian forces and rebels have each claimed responsibility for at least 16 murders and dozens injured. Read more. Prominent Ukrainian opposition activists have seized a gas facility owned by Ukraine's army. One Ukrainian doctor said the gas works effectively, sparking fears that his country could lose support in the region. The attack came just days after the Russian military ended a two-week standoff with the separatists. Watch their latest video report: The latest casualties in eastern Ukraine. Map: The Ukrainian military said people in eastern Ukraine had been killed, but separatists have denied this. On Tuesday, volunteer gunfire broke out in Mariupol, on the Ukrainian side of the border with Russia. A ceasefire entered into effect 10 p.m. local time. New attacks since the truce. Photos: The latest flare-ups in Ukraine. U.S. embassy in Kiev reported three deaths in eastern Ukraine, said Michelle Barry, spokeswoman for the American Embassy.
(CNN) -- A Chinese high court has agreed to hear an appeal from convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai, according to a statement released by Jinan Intermediate People's Court.|||The Court was established in mid-February 2012 for reasons that include a lack of "accountability and competence" of individuals named in Bo Xilai's own documents and he's alleged to have lied, denied "bribing," lied about corruption, acted "voluntarily committed perjury," and falsified information, according to Jinan Intermediate People's Court. Bo may also have traded blows with police, suffered humiliation and physical injury, or filed false reports about the disappearance of Chinese assets. Other such charges included attempted fraud and lack of a diplomatic passport. CNN's Mark Foley contributed to this report. Bo Xilai is the third high-ranking official of the ruling Communist Party of China to be tried by an independent body. In July 2010, Bo appeared before a Beijing tribunal where he pleaded guilty to falsifying documents and misappropriating government property, leading to allegations against the party chief. He was arrested in Xinjiang, where he said a member was coerced to attend a meeting in his official residence without permission. In March 2011, Bo was indicted on charges of abuse of office, affray, perjury and falsifying documents. He was sentenced to three years in prison in 2006 but was released last month, after winning an appeal. Bo was sentenced for corruption and vote-rigging in July 2009. The constitution's disciplinary committee also accused him of breach of trust and has ordered him to be placed under house arrest for public humiliation. In late November 2012, the Jinan High People's Court received a fax from Bo, adding that "aspiration by his party, public acceptance of dismissal and absence from office and registration without warning" by the president of the Communist Party of China were necessary to resolve Bo's criminal case. It also addressed several procedural points related to Bo's free speech, including arguments in favor of "constitutional revision" and his opinions on challenges to laws, officials and policies. Bo has denied all charges against him. He denies all allegations, charges against him, and repeated charges of lying. Despite the high court accepting Bo's appeal, "the high court still does not accept his explanation," said Zhang Leku, spokesman for Jinan Intermediate People's Court. "We will keep opposing the defense of the court's administrative work. We will not entertain any delay from the investigation," Zhang said. China's ruling Communist Party accused Bo of violating party discipline during his official visit to Beijing this year. Bo's death, which has since been announced, was not immediately disputed by lawyers in Beijing. The China Daily newspaper said Wednesday that "an influential person at the heart of China's Communist Party hierarchy faced a gruesome judgment."
President Barack Obama exhorted Iraqi leaders to come up with a political solution to governing their nation because "if they don't, there won't be a military solution to the problem," he told CNN in an interview Friday.|||In 'And that's really the message, see, is that you need the best, not the best, to solve the problems facing the people and the economy of Iraq." On Friday, U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told CNN Iraq's government is "as dysfunctional" as in the past, but in an attempt to prevent the military from becoming involved as the United States, they are "only creating collateral damage" in Iraq, he said. But while Panetta stopped short of accusing Baghdad of planning more bombings, he did warn, "We aren't going to say 'I know how' to the government." "Iraqis are my friends, they're also my enemies, and I have never been in this position before," he said, a reference to the longstanding administration of the USA as part of a coalition. "Iraqi politics has to develop in an inclusive way, in an Iraqi government where it's accountable and is responsible. We've got to empower the Iraqi leaders to run the government." World leaders were also expected to take part in a Friday Forum for Greater Iraq in Washington to promote a political solution to the crisis. While the meeting will take place during the next round of the U.S. Military Community Construction at Rice University, every country will be excluded from participating because it is deemed "an inappropriate partner in the European Union," the White House said. The United States was opposed to this goal, and has objected to it since it was first proposed, the White House said. Panetta's comments illustrate the continuation of Iraqi politicians' reliance on military action, rather than new power, in exchange for stable governance. The Pentagon did not respond to a request for comment. For more on how the U.S. plans to remain in Iraq through 2014, visit CNN's military operations hub.
Lake Zakher, United Arab Emirates (CNN) -- In a remote corner of the United Arab Emirates, a blue lake shimmers amid the sand dunes.|||"Tired of the rough roads, sandbars and parched valleys, they are relaxing sunsets by midafternoon. The famous white waters of Lake Zakher appear to radiate from an unknown location. Everywhere you turn, the white waters resume its peaceful status, far from the blazing oil of a production ship. It's an idyllic spot, hard to believe you came to for sand. But why come? Because it makes easy sense. This part of the United Arab Emirates is home to the world's largest freshwater lake. It was developed in 1935 when a man named Mohammed Hamed al-Khatab moved there. It's dotted with wineries and pasture, dunes, meadows and landscapes and gradually the climate changes that have made it impossible for a wealthy colony to prosper. "We need a wet season, the ideal time for farming because it's in the dry season in the UAE," said an official of Zagros Provincial Council. "It gives us an alfalfa year around the [world's] hottest spot." Hamed al-Khatab's family eventually set up their own small business, which is filling with limestone from Abu Dhabi. No one is allowed to climb. "Because it's hard to climb, there's no place for you," he told CNN. But I observed a serenity in those early summer months when nature was out and it rekindled itself. "Once you got used to the water you were there for days and months, getting used to it," he said. 'It's like you were born there and this is where you will stay and not be able to leave it.'" The view from more than a decade away includes rolling hills lined with families enjoying bountiful grain, sunrise over the caliche and gardens dotted with blooming trees and shrubs. But it also includes rolling terraces, scrubby green rice paddies dotted with green shade trees, scorched-earth vineyards and the occasional log cabin. In one of the few natural ecosystems this country has, al-Khatab says his success is testament to its climate change-friendly policies. "Since it got built it has helped increase sustainable economic growth," he said. "It also helped reduce world hunger, which is important to our development in the Middle East." Bad weather may not necessarily be the problem. But it's apparent from the air that the dry spring hasn't completely dried up. Despite heavy wind, heavy rain and overnight temperatures of minus 30 degrees Fahrenheit (-15 Celsius), the residents were able to keep a place of their own as the sun battled with blustery winds. There is also the chance that sand from storms that rolled in on Friday could burn up the sheer coastline and enter the lake, burning it. Even a tent tent that offers shade to visitors might not be enough to keep it dry. Read more: Water to the Dead Partial, the longest-lasting stretch of desert in the country. There's no control over climate change in the Middle East.
New York City (CNN) -- New York Fashion Week concluded yesterday, and the trendy, well-heeled set can finally rest their aching feet -- at least for the flight across the pond to London, Paris and Milan to wash, rinse and repeat it all over again.|||The camera flipped to a rare red carpet -- only to disappear as millions of mourners rushed the sprawling, asymmetric walkway in the capital to catch a glimpse of the models. The women were carrying their own shoe sets -- a favorite pastime of photographers working on catwalk red carpets in the decades past. And yet these everyday jewelry pieces could not hold a candle to the designs in the gowns, cut-outs and dramatic silhouettes that defined the sneaker moments this season. It took the designers -- some have even vowed to change their dresses and runways -- and showed for the first time in three years. Designer J.J. Loewe said the biggest challenge was to find the right price points within the industry's increasingly aggressive globalization. North American designers must now reach a compromise, while having said otherwise, their designers must prove them right. If they want to stand a chance, the world of fashion has to take notice, and prices will go up. "We are not going to go [to] every size and size and different trend. There is always a limited range," said his spokeswoman, Colleen Prado.
(CNN) -- Over the years, the Winter Olympics has thrown up a variety of competitors that defy logic.|||ThisIs it any wonder that so many sports are threatened by ridiculous or fleeting anomalies? Our nickname for the Winter Games is that whatever happens in the athletics program, it's called exaggeration. The Olympics is based on lies, trickery, or even just personality -- and as of Tuesday, still no guarantees. One indisputable certainty is that 2012's all-time defending men's and women's champion, Yury Makhnyuk, will do something for the sport that would never have occurred in pre-1972 Munich games. The man will take a jump -- literally -- between 54 and 60 feet. Makhnyuk, however, is not a Soviet veteran. Despite that, he's decided to enter the competition, breaking a rule that has since ruled him out of many Sochi Games. Earlier this month, though, Russia tested Makhnyuk as a 45-year-old, but he never crossed the finish line to reveal if he actually qualified. If he did, it would have been some mild indignity. But what was more impressive was that he was able to compare his jump to the best seen in the USSR. Makhnyuk won bronze in 2014 in the giant slalom and silver in two other "big events," including the skeleton on the same day. "I also managed to go all the way across. I did everything by myself. I am happy with myself," he told NBC's Mariah Cain.
(CNN) -- The wife of al Qaeda's second-in-command has purportedly issued a message urging women to raise their children to love holy war and defend Muslim lands.|||Jesus, Jilal Al Hajjar's wife, al-Waqabi, said in a June 22 statement that she has been directed to send an entire family to Syria to fight the hardliners who pose a threat to their religion and should not be allowed to teach their children to "Islam" as a Christian. But in addition, she said, it is not wrong to encourage women to lead by example. She spoke from Washington, and said her children will get freedom. "I urge women to do what is right and to maintain their education," her statement said. "I also urge women and men to raise their children to hate their parents." The communique was translated from Somali. The claim involved the execution of five dozen members of the Afghan resistance, for desertion and abductions and torture of prisoners, and offered them rewards of $1 million apiece if they gave the same ransom as US authorities. And Al Hajjar said she has been issuing her daughters with the Islamic holy war in Afghanistan for the last 14 years. "The enemy of God is in the neighborhood of God." In the current bout of violence in the region, some groups are closing in, while some have confirmed that they are not pursuing Al Qaeda. Spokesmen for al Qaeda in Afghanistan said it was not able to offer immediate comment. He said the conflict was still under way and that they're focused on combating extremists in Turkey. But he said that while fighting in Afghanistan is impossible, "there are areas of battle that are coming up" for the group. The North African nation was hit by fighting after a $3 billion package of refugees was sent there this summer. Syrian rebels announced an operation to occupy Najdiyya Air Base, in southern Iraq, this month. It is still trying to determine the extent of the operation's success. Al Qaeda in Afghanistan, the Muslim group's headquarters, claimed responsibility for the attacks, but the U.S. State Department later dismissed that claim. Muammar Qassim, the organization's secretary-general, denied involvement, and said: "It's more accurate to say that it was an operation by the West in providing material support to al Qaeda." However, he said he believes IS has carried out the bombings and asked for views on how to best target the group and the leaders of these terrorists. Qassim said it is his responsibility to ensure that his men are protected and that they pursue their primary strategy. He said that some North African insurgents have accepted al Qaeda's proposal. "It is a decision of the extremists," he said. "The State Department says it will not be moved on." Qassim has also kept up his religious postings online and given his statements to religious organizations. Al-Jazeera English reported Friday that an imam said in his new blog, a man claiming to be Al-Jazeera's editor and religion commentator, that he would be hosting a function for senior AQ leaders.
(CNN) -- For first-timers, South by Southwest Interactive can be a little intimidating.|||ForIt's easy to say you're new to South by Southwest, but if you've tried anything by itself, you know the drill. CNN Staff Writer Kendra Murray finds the marketing wits of seasoned professionals when starting a smartphone app or surfacing on YouTube. And this is just the start. Similar experiences -- such as regular DMs and annoying calls or comments -- have been everywhere. #resist #digitalliteracy Finally, we've hired three professional graphic designers and a dubbing provider to help, hands on, with apps from U.S. indie film stars to music artists. CNN's Charlie Wachtel reports. Click here to learn more.
(CNN) -- At 23, many people around the world are still at university -- at that age, Gossy Ukanwoke had already started one.|||Obama's reward is security, a designated asset the country claims to enjoy annually. At age 23, Gossy Ukanwoke has one wish: to join the Western Australian Army. Having thought of leaving at 16, the decision was made after consulting one of the University of Washington's most vocal African football supporters -- the outspoken, controversial Emmanuel Umar. "Of course not," she told CNN. "So we'll play soccer." The 22-year-old also expressed satisfaction and awe at the growth of her country's women's basketball team. Her aspirations are to become a partner with Arsenal. Another opponent has been found, and another has been put in jail. While the decision still needs congressional approval, it appears more likely that Nigeria will have a participating sportsman in the men's soccer team -- the country's biggest and most vulnerable ethnic group. In the space of a few years, Malawi is already recovering from a devastating civil war. Nearly 27,000 of its 30 million people have died since 1982. The conflict has left millions homeless, including many children who can ill afford medical treatment. Morroco, whose president is Abiy Ahmed, is the author of today's book, "Soul of Change: The Untold Story of the Fight for Sustainable Youth." Most schools in East Africa are now showing positive results. The measure of success has taken time, but is happening. In South Africa's heavily traveled capital of Addis Ababa, city officials applauded the city's women's football team during the opening ceremony for the FIFA Under-23 World Cup competition. The team, which has won European and U.S. titles, will compete in the Asian Championship in Anguilla. "Many young women in Africa have chosen sports to sustain their education," said Ade Elizabeth Atokpe, the city's deputy mayor. Still, the United States declined to comment on the government's decision. "The government wants to discuss them," Ukrainian government spokesman Raybal Tochi said.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Days before the start of Sonia Sotomayor's confirmation hearings, a new national poll indicates that by a narrow margin, Americans would like the Senate to confirm her as the next Supreme Court justice.|||Americans take turns estimating whether it would be beneficial for Sotomayor to be a woman. Both Democrats and Republicans believe she would be considered favorable by the American people. But a new Public Policy Polling survey finds a slight advantage for Sotomayor. The poll shows 50.6 percent of likely U.S. voters think she would be favorable if elected. But only 46.9 percent of likely voters say they are opposed to the appointment. The margin of Democrat support is larger in conjunction with the poll's margin of error, which is plus or minus 3 percentage points.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration is considering the possibility of removing all U.S. troops in Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission officially finishes at the end of 2014, White House officials said Tuesday.|||The President Obama is considering withdrawing U.S. forces entirely from Afghanistan. "We have the capacity to do that," White House press secretary Josh Earnest said, without elaborating on what he meant. The next 12 months are crucial for the continuation of U.S. operations in Afghanistan, Earnest said. "In order to make sure we are secure, we need the long-term partnership, so it really was important for us that we continue to lead the effort at that level, and also make sure people understand what our national interests are in Afghanistan," Earnest said. U.S. forces began their 8-year mission in August 2002 and have spent 43 years in Afghanistan. For years, the enemy has attacked, attacked and attacked other countries throughout the region and in North Africa as well. U.S. counterterrorism forces began conducting counterinsurgency operations at the end of 2004 and have wrestled with Afghan security forces since March of 2008. In late January, the U.S. acknowledged it had become "too costly" to continue to carry out Afghanistan's military objectives. "Over the last two years, that's changed," Earnest said. "It's part of the battle strategy of that time." There have been rumors the Obama administration was considering abandoning the mission, or even scaling back security after the scheduled withdrawal of U.S. troops. A U.S. official briefed on the White House's deliberations said a U.S. weapons strike on Pakistan would be likely during the coming years if ISIS is still in control in Kabul. More than 3,000 troops are currently stationed in Afghanistan, about the same number currently occupying southern Afghanistan. "We believe we're going to have an important role to play in Afghanistan," Earnest said.
(CNN) -- The sobbing woman pleads for help in a 911 call.|||Personua -- Female marathon runner chased down man who was mowing down cars in his early 1990s desert trek. Another woman was also chased down and tried to pick her up. Her car was sped and crashed in a remote remote stretch of Montana's Blue Ridge Mountains, carrying the unconscious body of a male biker. The chase ended with a crash into the outskirts of Golden Gate Park, and the body was found in a remote stretch of the park on Saturday evening. The caller blamed the man for driving her husband off the road. But her husband said she was feeling psychotic and confused and her foot hurt badly. The conversation was recorded on an audio recording that's now being released on YouTube. An emotional 39-year-old woman is heard screaming in the background. "Help me baby, I'm scared," she says. "Help me baby! Just give me help." The man slaps her hand and runs from the scene. "Something is wrong," she said. An interview with the announcer confirms that they are married and she is wearing an orange sash that reads "KNAP." "Oh my gosh, it is a Christian girl," the man says. "It's like, what are you doing? For me?" "Oh, God. She has family in Africa. That's the best place for me. Please." The man could not be reached for comment. "Oh my God, can you believe this?" the woman said. "No. Just in case. That's where my family is." Two men, ages 46 and 54, jumped a tractor-trailer Monday outside a remote creek area in northern Montana, authorities said. They both missed severe head injuries. Traumatic gases that accumulated in the vehicles had made their deaths imminent, some investigators believe, the sheriff said.
KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's new government has converted its deposed king's opulent palace into a museum and unfurled the national flag on Sunday as a symbolic move to signify the end of monarchy.|||KUNESCO, the Indian agency that makes recommendations for the countries' cultural heritage, has tasked the authorities in Nepal, which is under new government, with finding ways to preserve its past and mark the official abolition of monarchy. Concerns over corruption have developed after the monarchy being ditched in June last year and the recent corruption and arrests of influential reform activists. Earlier in July, four high-ranking Nepalese politicians were sentenced to jail for bribes. Manas Tripathy, the chairman of the Kandakiyan Council, called for the state to disband as soon as possible. In his country, political power has been divided along sectarian lines. Last month the failure of a Communist alliance government to form a center-left coalition left a political vacuum. As a result, Pramod Kumar Shah resigned as prime minister, triggering protests which resulted in the overthrow of his government. The state's new constitution, enacted Thursday, puts Nepal under the control of an elected parliament, a Cabinet that is made up of non-political members. The monarch's charter made Nepal's constitution a list of questions among the government's obligations, with the line 15 items. It also included whether Nepal's territory could be ceded to any other country. The past is being sought to be judged. One of the big questions is how long Nepal should maintain the monarchy, with its three courts, and the famous mountain monuments. The government launched a campaign to get parliament to impeach Shah in December, 2006 and imposed a U-turn in March to end his rule. Despite having a weak constitution, the United Kingdom and the United States don't recognise the executive arm of Nepal's government. Egypt plays a prominent role in Nepal. Poll: Did Himalayan monarchy fall? Gallup polls predict it will end in 10 years. But Chinese Taiwan and South Korea say it is coming.
Moscow (CNN) -- As the Bolshoi Ballet's artistic director Sergei Filin entered the security code of his Moscow apartment, a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face, temporarily blinding him and leaving him with severe burns.|||After Police said Filin, who was attacked while he was entering the building, left with cut and red eyes and head contorted with pain. His doctors said he has been hospitalized for more than a day with serious burns. "It's imperative that we try to resuscitate him," said Kira Tereshkova, spokeswoman for the Bolshoi. A spokesman for the ballet said Filin will have a full forensic examination of the damage on his face and body on Monday and that the assailant will face criminal charges in connection with the attempted acid attack. On Sunday night, as Filin and his wife prepared to go home, a man ran into the living room, grabbed him by the neck and threw acid in his face. Filin's clothes were soaked and partly burned in acid, says Tzatompa. This image shows Filin's face. © 2008 The Duran.
(CNN) -- Militants in Iraq have taken hold of nuclear materials at university science facilities near the northern city of Mosul, the Iraqi government has said in a letter to the United Nations.|||The endangering of the Iraqi nuclear program is a matter of concern to the United Nations, at least partially because so few scientists are qualified to be in charge of nuclear weapons research and safeguards. This situation is still being dealt with. A preliminary assessment by a Dutch security expert says people living near Baghdad's engineering university are among the most sensitive targets for potential attack, and equipment may remain on the premises until the end of December. He said any uranium fragments might be found in buildings and dormitories in Mosul on the outskirts of the city and by al-Masdar University to its north. If that happens, the main cause of the military action that followed would be based in northern Iraq and focus on removing or disabling any such materials, he said. Soldiers have engaged in sporadic firefights with militants in Mosul as they try to flush out U.S. troops. "The dead in al-Maqdis are R&D headquarters, engineers and other civilians, the staff of the university and other personnel, conducting studies on the scientific basis," the letter said. The university, a U.S.-run, privately run medical institution, operates two laboratories and two laboratories -- one of which is being used to maintain the electronic equipment that secures the facility. Government troops stormed the facility this year, and local residents, including Sunnis, later fled. Iraq's Ministry of National Security said in a statement Saturday that Islamic State militants had taken control of the facility, which houses a 400-bed hospital and 24 medical care units. Iraqi security forces used helicopters Saturday to help in the evacuation of injured members. Weapons are in plain sight at the university campus. (CNN) American combat troops are guarding Iraqi forces stationed in al-Mosul, about 120 miles (193 kilometers) south of Mosul. The United Nations Security Council authorized the evacuation on Saturday. And U.S. officials said they would fly out monitors at the scene Friday, as part of an ongoing search of the premises. The Iraqi government has asked the United Nations, an international organization, for assistance on the matter. "The previous occupant of that facility, who was killed by coalition forces in 2003, was a scientist whose expertise, support, and cooperation ensured the safety of Baghdad's nuclear and science facilities," the Security Council Resolution 2317 said. "According to his principal, this individual should not have to work at his current job in order to receive support for his university research and development. He should be able to learn from the lessons he has learned from his own studies on the process of research and development." The U.N. wrote in its October 11 report that it had begun "intensive efforts" to access the university's facilities after a U.N. staff official was killed there on July 14. "Only then could the services of our officials be transferred to a concerned individual in Iraq," the report said. Militants in Iraq, based in Syria, took control of four other science facilities from the Baghdad Institute of Technology. In a two-page news release issued Friday, the University of Iraq said a "militant male" involved in a "misunderstanding" of what to do with those facilities may have brought about the contamination of others. "We do not know if there is any further contamination by this individual," the university said. "The government's investigation is ongoing and it will continue." NASA opposes new plans for U.N. facilities in Iraq. The U.N. operates the world's largest "decontamination center" designed to safely dispose of radioactive materials and other hazardous materials.
(CNN) -- The evolution of drones continues.|||TheBear incident in Israel isn't the first drone crash where bystanders are killed. Three people have been killed in St. Louis, Missouri, during a terrorist attack attributed to rogue soldiers and mercenaries on a Karachi bus. Three more have been killed in nearby Detroit and Baton Rouge. At least one person, Belmonte Mayor Joaquin Castro, was stabbed and is in critical condition. A fourth has been badly hurt in Flint, Michigan. Three local police departments have responded and have scoured the streets with drones to find and then arrest those responsible. Plans are in progress to set up drones within the city limits. According to one official, City of West Allis Mayor Donald Todd is trying to promote the business of drones and constructing buildings to host them. "We realize our role in business development is up there," Todd said in a statement. "I'm also going to push for a return to federal funding for drones and international control." He called for an end to the carrier's ownership in commercial airspace in the region. "The world has lost its technology," the mayor said. Spanish passenger jets "can reach 3,500 kilometers or 2,900 miles per hour," he said. A Global 7 train has left Chicago's Union Station carrying passengers. It will be carrying passengers through the marathon-like stretch of Highway 11, packing 200,000 passengers a day. The Federal Aviation Administration has been seeking permission for a serial drone killer to target commercial flights using commercial-grade drones. How to get these parts? Starting with existing airplane routes, cities and smart grids, dachshunds can provide the data. Small delivery drones can serve those users, too, by delivering a road presence. Ideally, drones are low profile and contain their passengers. The FAA says passenger airlines will have to notify passengers in advance of commercial flights, and then separate them from commercial flights when they land in the pilot cabin. When they land, the pilots will provide one final drive to the aircraft before taking the passenger out. Channel 7 says its delivery is expected in as little as 90 minutes to an hour. Another source of fuel, the agency says, is from fuel-efficient homes in the nearby communities. Meanwhile, the economy is slowing in Germany, and farmers face increasing tariffs on food, water and other essentials. One farmer said his fleet of jets is suffering because local production is so low. "It's causing a lot of environmental issues for Germany," he said. Another farmer said: "For the airlines, the commute could be an issue with several hours to shop in Germany." End up with This Daring New Thing That Sounds Like a New Toy
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- The Pakistani government convened a meeting on Monday of nearly all of the country's political parties, in an effort to consolidate broad national support for its military operation to crush Taliban militants in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley.|||One day before midnight Saturday, Pakistan's military announced it would conduct operation Zarb-e-Azb in Swat against militants in the newly created autonomous region of the region. The decision would bring an end to the worst fighting to reach Pakistan since the 2002 war on terror, according to a Pakistani government statement. Besides, the president made a high-profile announcement announcing the operation on Monday, during which a meeting of senior military officers was held in Islamabad to discuss the matter with the deputy chief military and intelligence officers. "In the interest of the whole nation, I made this announcement in the presence of all ministries and the police establishments in the country," the statement said. In a news conference before the meeting, another senior military official said the military believed this would make it a "top priority." He told reporters the United States and China would begin pressuring the Taliban to cease operations in areas of the region. The recent rush for foreign troops and supplies by Pakistan to flush out militants and make a peace deal has raised concern among Pakistan's many tribal regions, including the Balochistan and Azad Kashmir tribal regions. The military move is aimed, the statement said, at "liberating the last large area and easing the pressure on tribal areas in all directions." British journalists in Swat have been posted in the Swat valley, often for days or weeks, since the army began to surround Taliban hideouts. Tehmina Janjua, a member of the Tehreek-e-Insaf party, attended the meeting, said the British Foreign Office in a statement. Janjua had been approached by the Pakistani military on July 27, before a cease-fire was declared. "In the end, I could not rest until we had a peaceful [agreement] with the targeted parties," she said. Meanwhile, another member of the PPP, Haroon Bilour, attended the meeting. "The government meeting was held to find out all the possible scenarios regarding" the operation. Bilour is seeking the support of the entire country and has said Pakistan needs to be a nuclear-free country. Leaders of an all-government coalition also attended Monday's meeting. In 2005, the Pakistani military pushed out militants from Baluchistan and eventually destroyed the Gulbuddin Hekmatyar hideout, but the government freed several villagers caught in the raid. The Taliban could also be involved in running two camps in the isolated district. The operation is unpopular among some. And Pakistani government representatives have been arrested on charges of plotting against the government in the past. Each of those arrested faces several charges of treason. However, while most have been charged with supporting terrorists, there has been no evidence that they have actually killed Pakistanis. The elections next year are likely to be won or lost during a federal election process that goes to the general election next year. However, Pakistan is in contention for that election. The news conference on Monday came a day after the police raided Tehreek-e-Insaf's base in Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, the biggest single site in Pakistan outside of Pakistan. The attack sent authorities scrambling to secure ground there as they are grappling to regain control. Pakistan is a nuclear-armed nation, and nuclear weapons are openly held in some northern nations. The Pakistani military has been conducting a massive offensive in the territory of Swat since a government official in Islamabad has been seized by military units last year. Meanwhile, a high-level meeting of the country's parliament is planned on Thursday. A government statement about the meeting said that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi will attend. The media says the meeting will include cabinet and other government ministers. The government said it will meet the victims and families of the killed Thursday.
(CNN) -- A Russian television reporter was killed Tuesday while covering the crisis in Ukraine, according to state-run media.|||Militares regularly kill investigative journalists. But the news of Igor's death comes after almost six weeks of protests by many pro-Western demonstrators. Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the killing of a television reporter in response to an April 1 protest in Kiev, the capital. YouTube/Russia_News The military shot Igor Aksin in a residential area of Ukraine's capital, Kiev, on April 21. CNN's Edmund Hardy in Moscow says the news conference followed hours of protests and marches. Kiev authorities had denied the rights to record such an event. It says Aksin was covered for all television stations in Russia. He had been with TV1 and several others for a time. In a statement Tuesday, the anti-Kiev activists who posted banners across the border to protest Aksin's killing posted: "Thank you, Putin. Watch: Igor killed & followed the story." Ukraine is aiming to annex Crimea and other parts of its territory from Russia, analysts have said. Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has pledged to respond to the violence, though he has not given any indication so far when. Opposition leaders include Nikolai Patrushev, R.I.P.D.S., deputy leader of the Communist Party of Ukraine.
(CNN) -- I was a high school student in 1983, when the video for "Thriller" was released, getting plenty of air time on MTV. By then, the network's "M" could just as easily have stood for Michael. It was an event.|||Themartyrs crossed the age limit in 1980, but how they might have changed that height of pop culture shouldn't matter. The success of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' video in 1982 has been followed by the impact of his death in 2005, including the restoration of his sleep aids, the death penalty and the subsequent protests that ensued. All sorts of celebrities, including Cuba Gooding Jr., have paid tribute to "Thriller," but the culture, and the phenomenon that its popularity inspired and fueled the pop culture obsession that spawned it, represents the challenge of crafting entertainment in an era when visibility is so precious, with the different audiences it benefits. While little-known once, NBC's current network is running 21 segments on screen featuring "Thriller" every day -- not everyone received the show's 30-minute or 60-second clips, however, so there was no competition. Twenty minutes of the show remain. It was airing its own show, "Thriller: Never Too Late," which alternates between clips from the original MTV show "MTV Music Video Awards," "Thriller: Live" and a mix of alternative music video clips. Among the pieces of TV-shocking pop music that would become famous or infamous in the years that followed: "Speak for Yourself," "Irresponsible" and "Toxic."
Check your Facebook mail lately?|||OfPei. Although, I'll admit, seeing the pictures does feel somewhat foreign, thanks to my long-time friend, Mike Wozniak, who featured the very first picture in Michael's "Ben Affleck Interview." You never know where Matthew is going to land in the email queue. And, they've even got one for you as well. Subscribe with free shipping and destination fees are applied. What's the catch, besides the picture? No download links, no ads, no credit card information or 10-point sign-up bonuses. Send this to 1 friend. You'll never see the photos again. Read what's on the page. Have a look around you for clues. We remember you. Please check these: Advertisement - We appreciate all the outreach your mail readers do to enhance our coverage and to help promote our work as a non-profit, non-profit, and non-advertisal group. We are committed to continuing our work to improve the quality and reach of these pages and their readers. Check out our Search and Explore pages for real news, photos, resources, and ideas. Subscribe by e-mail or RSS.
(CNN) -- Flavio Briatore has successfully appealed against his lifetime ban from Formula One for his part in a race-fixing conspiracy at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, CNN confirmed Tuesday.|||B "I accept the court's decision to the letter and am completely satisfied with the sentence imposed on me by the order of the Commission of the European Court of Justice, which criminalizes breach of trust for fixing race conditions," Briatore told CNN's Christiane Amanpour. ABC News, working with Briatore, which took note of the ruling at a Friday press conference, reported that Dr. Gianfranco Ferrari will be reporting his findings on his younger brother, Mark, for a same-day broadcast on Monday. "I am not surprised with the outcome, as both Mark (Larsen) and I have said," Ferrari said. Briatore has been banned for a minimum of life and could face up to the full validity of the decision up until the end of his racing career. At the time of his indictment, "several other major players in the sport including (Gregor) Arrivabene, Gerhard Berger and David Coulthard were already known to have engaged in these types of tactics." Genoa-based race director Michel Saputo asked an Italian lawyer to expedite the case against Briatore. Briatore was "extremely disappointed and angry" about the sentence, Acceloto said. "I will never forgive and forget the day I was court-martialed for the wrong decision I took at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix. My legal team will now take the next step by applying for a new trial which will hopefully pave the way for another appeal in the United States Supreme Court." Related: Bledsoe doubts Australian F1's Williams post-Singapore drivers. Court just cleared Bledsoe of collusion But Giggs maintains that Ferrari is definitely a defendant in the incident. He said, "I was in the wrong place at the wrong time." Triple Silver SealGarretti driver Adrian Sutil charged with conspiracy to fix the Singapore Grand Prix. After the race, the team tweeted out a message denying that Sutil was involved and called the incident a "botch job." Berner is out of the FIA's case. "The second time he will explain in court that the interview and the investigation did not lead to any determinations on this issue," the FIA said in a statement last month. Super Eight's Joey Gallo was also hit with an FIA ban for his alleged involvement. But this was short-lived, with Alonso in 2008 and Buemi leading the championship that year after securing the three victory points in Bahrain. Briatore has retained his Italian nationality, but will face a three-year ban in Britain if found guilty. More from ACEL&Carryout on the race strategy of FIA. TV: Paul Gasquet was unable to make it through the Bahrain Grand Prix.
(CNN) -- Americans are forgoing medical attention in the face of high health-care costs, a new consumer health survey has found.|||Are eligible for care had arranged their free two-hour surgery after they heard about it on the television channel and the Newsweek feature stories about their scarce medical coverage. Residents of most communities were equally uninterested in seeing a doctor. The number of uninsured, under insured and uninsured with short attention spans jumped 13% from one year ago, according to the report, which was released Wednesday. Hospitals treated 8% of those uninsured, while the majority said it was unintended. The survey was conducted by the Pew Research Center. Click here to visit the report's website. "Medical debt increases with chronic illness, which leaves people with fewer resources to sustain a healthy lifestyle," the report said. As per the report, the uninsured rate is more than twice the rate of insured persons at roughly 20% of those who cannot afford health insurance. More than half the uninsured suffer from hypertension or cardiovascular disease, and 43 percent of Americans carry diabetes or heart disease, according to the study. In addition, nearly 25% of those uninsured do not have a car. Hospitalizations and the uninsured're at least 10 times higher than the national average. "This points to a sharp increase in health care costs and therefore for a growing number of Americans it is unaffordable to pay for their own care," Pew said. He cited data from the 2009 congressional spending and economic outlook. From there, the report describes four possible explanations for patients holding off on care: They are lacking access to doctors' facilities, they have poor access to health care financial resources and they believe they have lost the trust and confidence of others to avoid unnecessary emergency care costs. They are likely to be costly to cover costs over time as doctors face pressure and raise fees, out of budget and out of concern for patients' safety. These responses are the foundation of the report.
Rome, Italy (CNN) -- Seeking to identify the man who shot dead another man outside a store in Naples, Italy, in the spring, an anti-mafia prosecutor distributed on Thursday a video showing the execution.|||The video shows two men who drowned in the freshwater bathtub in Naples. A fourth man was later strangled on the concrete dock -- all in front of some 100 residents, said Emilio Spinola, who lives in the apartment building where the incident took place. But the suicide remains unidentified and pinpoints the suicide as a personal vendetta, which occurred eight days before last Wednesday's trial for four Milan-based mobsters. Rapper/singer J.P. Maselli is said to have plotted the April 3 mass killing with the Mafia syndicate Di Cattolica at the Naples Hotel. The conspiracy asked people to cut marijuana packages with a laser gun and hidden inside the unit would sell the contraband to the mafia. The public order "is placed on order: A homicide, an armed robbery, murder and abduction can cause death to all Italians." Spinola said he was "a member of a group that is supporting mafia bosses." He said he fled to Belgium -- where he later picked up a different mobster -- after the shooting, living with his grandmother. The victim, who is said to be in his mid-40s, was having an affair with his wife, he said. The gunman and his accomplice then killed him, a statement said. Di Cattolica was arrested on Thursday as he entered the power-plant complex where the "Martial Italian Mafia" makes money by illegally shifting people into the offices of the head of the mafia. He said he is under investigation for his role in several killings. "The international movement ... will continue ... the organized-crime syndicates," his lawyer, David Josephine Bazella, told CNN. DNA tests have already been performed on the material and will be conducted at a crime scene soon, Josephine Bazella said. Radio Italy's La Stampa and the Corriere della Sera reported that the vice and femme fatale are suspected of leading the killings. See: Investigation of murders in Naples »The hit man was shot in the head as he tried to flee the scene, the agency said. DNA tests will be performed on his body and that of an accomplice, Bazzella said. He did not have a motive. Italian media said Cattolica's gang is linked to an Italian drug trafficker, Luciano Bona.
Chicago, Illinois (CNN) -- The four people found dead this week in a suburban Chicago home were the victims of a murder-suicide, a coroner said.|||The victim was found this week at the 900 block of Nokomis Court, just west of Chicago's U.S. Route 31, after doing surveillance photos for several days of houses in the neighborhood, authorities believe the man and woman made a choice to join forces. They were the only occupants of the house when a loud noise was heard early Monday, said Sheriff Daniel Bunge, adding that the office was sent to the area to investigate. Police found the two dead women Wednesday morning and the two men Wednesday afternoon. One was Bill Toklasian, a 66-year-old man from the Far North Side, New York, and the other a 73-year-old man from the neighborhood, Bunge said.
(CNN) -- A Colorado teenager is facing a first-degree murder charge, accused of stabbing her mother 79 times in the face and neck in the bathroom of their Aurora home.|||The20-year-old girl, who the coroner said had been on the run from the situation for more than a month, was identified with help from friends and family members, authorities said. Authorities said Donna Hughes, 49, was beaten and stabbed by the teenager, who is not named in court documents. Authorities would not comment on the nature of the violence but indicated it was a self-inflicted attack. Housh was taken to Denver Health Hospital, where she died of multiple stab wounds, and prosecutors said she was stabbed on Tuesday evening. Her last known words were: "I'm going to make sure you love me." The teen apparently called her mother from a hallway outside, and on Friday morning, Housh allegedly struck her multiple times before she escaped, said Clark Crook, AURORA POLICE Chief Criminal Investigations Division. My neighbor was not home, but was told later that "there's something I want to report," Crook told reporters. Police found Housh and her mother inside the bathroom, and a search warrant was executed for the house, officials said. Housh, who lived with her daughter, and her sister, were injured after a woman called 911 about five people being hurt, and a girl allegedly arrived to take them to a hospital, Crook said. The woman told police that she had been assaulted and said the two suspects kept coming back inside and started stabbing her repeatedly. Investigators took Housh away from the house and then questioned her neighbors, Crook said. They found Housh and her sister together in the bathroom of their home and the teens together in the house next door, he said. CNN's Ashley Cross and Hilary Silvers contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Green Day's lead singer is seeking treatment for substance abuse, the rock band announced Sunday, two days after the performer's expletive-laden meltdown during a show in Las Vegas.|||Following Adams apologized for the incident in his middle-of-the-night performance Tuesday show, billed as "Rock It Back," which included "Yoko Ono: Heroin Putsch," "Big Wheels" and "Give 'Em Up," "Jump Around," the song "Reputation" ("The Wave Over New York") referenced his long battle with substance abuse. "I did have to admit ... that I was really going through a lot of pain and having a really difficult time," he told Rolling Stone magazine. "I just got off the show. ... I'm sorry. It's hard." The first eight songs of the latest album, "American Idiot," feature emotional references to drugs, partying and sex. The band has been on tour together for four years. Adams admitted he needed help, and eventually completed the treatment program. It was revealed Monday that he has been suffering from anxiety, depression and alcohol addiction since early 2008. In February 2008, he was diagnosed with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and an eating disorder. "Life got really hard," Adams told Rolling Stone in a piece published two days later. "I didn't really have a good life. My Mom left me. I wanted to go back to her. There's no way my Mom could understand." It's not entirely clear how Adams might have felt about his mental illness. The New York native underwent treatment at NYC Clinic for Substance Abuse, the group said. In an interview with Rolling Stone last year, Adams described his upbringing. "There were a lot of things that I didn't know about me and my family," he said. Adam's family confirmed his story. "We were all devastated. My wife was deeply devastated. We didn't know what to do." He was hospitalized with an unspecified medical condition after returning from his concert. The show sold out. An estimated 600,000 concert-goers participated, according to CNN affiliate KSNV. Adams pleaded for forgiveness.
(CNN)  -- Blind violinist Romel Joseph laid in what he called his "grave" for 18 hours.|||A that art designer Tony Bell knew, at 10 p.m. Saturday, when he watched one of his students and a friend give a major pianist a brutally difficult performance, his spirits soared. But he had to work to provide a safe and orderly scene for his better half, a journey he had fought with little break. The two-time Grammy winner, specializing in Baroque string trio, spent the next hour standing in line at a federal courthouse in Florida. Some spectators booed or snickered; others tried to change the subject. He began the evening's festivities after midnight, when a patrol officer pulled him off the track. Then, the lights went out, and he was told he would die. The mood grew somber and he wept, until finally, for the first time, he heard someone enter his apartment to find his brother. The brothers wrestled and argued inside his room as his casket was removed. Both spoke about the limitations of hearing and what was required to perform. "Do we have a term for a person who is blind to some extent and can't find a field where he can hear? Was there ever a term for a wheelchair?" asked his father, Eddie. One of his brother's wives, Phyllis Joseph, arrived to join her sister. Inside the house, her husband, a black-bearded man, held them both together with a bow and prayed. "This was his castle," her father told them. "This was for him." "Does he know that (soaring instruments) he must play with his mind?" they asked. "He knows that his mind cannot tell a lie." The duo performed music during a three-hour memorial service. Earlier that day, the pair played, twice, at the world premiere of the violin modern jazz record Thou Shalt Not Die (Imitations). Their North American tour was supposed to close Saturday, but a US federal judge canceled the concerts in connection with an up-to-date explosive device investigation and told them not to take the place. "It's a day of defiance, of reproach, when I say we must not be silenced in concert," Anthony Joseph told NPR. The violinist, was overcome in a stadium bathroom, stunned by the deafness of "The Sound of Music's' Hurt Strings."
After 10 days stranded far from home, all 52 passengers from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice have now been transferred by helicopter to an Australian icebreaker.|||With water pumping from a crack in the ice, the MV Australis has made a successful return to the Australian mainland after reaching a position in northern Canada. The ship, estimated to have been carrying 480 passengers, was stuck on Weddell Sea ice about 3 miles south of the Cape Charles peninsula, Antarctica, when a severe ice storm last week killed 18-year-old Jules Ottenger. The ship's 600 employees, who have gone home for the holidays, watched as their emergency crew lifted him from the ice and transferred him to a helicopter to land. Eleven of them from other ships were also transferred to the Australian Coast Guard. In total, 186 people have arrived safely in Australia, where several of those stranded are Canadians. Until now, crews working on the North Pole peninsula have been clearing the area of low ice and white snow, mounding the shore with logs and wreckage from the notoriously deadly fast and sharp North Pole ice. Many of the icebreaker's crews were due to travel to as far as South Africa on Thursday but later returned to Antarctica due to the failure of their equipment to get up to land. In total, the journey took some 120 hours. The ship's captain, Karl Eigerling, said it's possible that the ice breaking could have happened had a power failure affecting the ship's navigation ability. "Anybody who is able to cut through ice moving ahead in the right direction is extremely brave," he said. In a statement, the Australian Coast Guard said "ASIA CASTLE! ... The vessel and all citizens have left the South Pole safely. Canadian authorities are now preparing to return to Adelaide." A CNN team followed the ship's voyage. Eigerling said: "We are all thrilled with the support of the Australian Coastguard and community. We thank [the] Ambassador of South Africa for helping our colleagues. We are also grateful to the prime minister and his government for their support. The "Commander in Chief" acknowledged that this was a difficult time for the Western Australian Government as it faces the conditions that caused this problem. "We thank him for his commitment to us, and our strong cooperation on behalf of the Australian Government and all those affected by this tragedy." However, Abbott said: "In terms of migration and transport capability the Australian Coast Guard is well-prepared to take over" next year and into 2018. He added: "We have excellent winter weather forecast and will be in high alert the whole winter period." The ship remained in Antarctica, east of South America for four days. Australia's largest ship, HMAS Endeavour, departs Antarctic Base Ross, Antarctica and arrives back at Sydney, Australia on December 5. In November 2017, it was refueled after 10 days on the ice in Australia. Saturday's flight from Australia, arriving in Chile on December 2, saw it filled with four jetshelters and roughly 400 staff. Staff from New Zealand's Antarctic Station, Allan Livingstone Island, made the transfer across the ice from South America to Australia, by helicopter, as helicopter pilot David Spuddie is a qualified pilot. Three of the ship's tail-enders were wrecked with massive ice collapse. On Wednesday, a third of the ship's 22 crew members fell ill, he said. The ship's passengers all recovered, but Helen Flanagan, their representative on the Scott WF1, was replaced by a standby pilot. Nine staff members of the 25-man crew aboard were still very ill after the ice storm in November.
(CNN) -- The Golden Gate Bridge got its chance to shine Sunday, with people around the Bay Area flocking to the iconic span to celebrate its 75th birthday.|||' Golden Gate Bridge opens to public on 75th birthday. Photos taken in the late-afternoon storm left more than 1,000 people injured or dead, officials said. ABC's Jim Bryson, Pauline Axtgaard, and Nancy Kate Moss contributed to this report. The Golden Gate Bridge opened to the public Sunday, two weeks after a 10-year-old earthquake. The outage happened just weeks before the bridge's 75th birthday. E-mails reported that people suffered heavy damage from the fire, as did automobiles. E-mail and photos were also damaged by the rain. Travelers rushed to repair vehicles wrecked on the bridge, and many driving over it either asked to get an alternate route or simply walked across. CNN's Zina Abboud and Chris Ellis contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- They say the longest journey starts with a single step.|||"Parse Your Vote," which focuses on just one positive step in personal overcoming adversity, is particularly timely as we struggle as each new step leads to a new decision. But you're not the only one who feels discouraged about this year. What we can learn from today is that faith and hope in the people most affected cannot overcome obstacles. Let's reach out to the Believers. For instance, many on Monday to congratulate American churches as they return from fundraisers in Vietnam marking the fiftieth year of the country's war on terror. Yet if we look at "Marietta: The Story of The American Church", then again, not all churches, business, and organizations are gun-running. What is good is love, family, and faith. Faith should strengthen every relationship of any kind. That love we call home. Despite all of the pretty words we may have said over the weekend, we have one thing in common: we can't create a winning peace through hope. Hate can come in many shapes and sizes. It's the same for love. Hate is the time, place, and way that all people do so much as everybody is walking in fear. How can you make the world a better place? No one. Without hope and blessing. We must know and love each other and give that extra push forward to grow our country, because if we stop working, fighting, and working hard, America stops living our incredible dream. What we are doing now will change that. The first step in moving our country forward is that we have to believe in ourselves. That we are able to be a nation of laws and not people." Often we assume that there is some guarantee of victory or heaven in our own mind. But when we actually begin to read the outcome of the next round of elections, we quickly realize that we have to figure out if we're being greedy, and if the government can convince us to opt out. They may have stopped us, but that is not to say we can't keep working. Yes, we can still support our dear neighbors but we have to understand they can't take it from us. We should ask our local officials to open their hearts for us, maybe to pray for our friends, and to help us tell those people about how important they are to us. We can help them to celebrate the every day that they are alive. This is when we rise above this attitude of fear and let our residents know that we believe them. We cannot send them away. To honor them for that act, let's not feel guilty when we find our way and help them when they come to us. And as the young woman who asked us to walk alongside her didn't know that was even possible, she never ever took her strength into our hands in the first place," Mr. Rubin told CNN. So we decided to expose her to this courage. A small loss, and we would put our money in help as soon as she takes on the dangerous new challenge of actually feeling strong enough to let us know her pain. Again, we're asking those people to engage in the risky walk with us by knocking on doors in hopes they will help us reach this goal. This is why the Primary World Bank has reached the global stage where we have created this competition. Whether you agree with Bishop Desmond Tutu, watch "Voices of Hope" or just tune in to listen to Andy Warhol's "This is America." You may soon realize that we are all on the same team and that we want a whole world of togetherness -- love, hope, and peace. But first, we must first meet the few voices we have left. Please note that there are more than 4 billion voices that need to be heard. We can only do that once -- to make our humanity count, through prayer, sympathy, commitment, and work. Please note that you are listening to each other -- we are all on this journey together. To those who want to help -- we thank you.
Washington (CNN) -- The Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday morning will receive a classified document that seeks to justify the administration's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks, chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said late Wednesday.|||Some of the tens of thousands of Americans killed over the past decade during terrorism incidents, Feinstein said. "Sen. Feinstein has her priorities; she wants to know what our nation's military response will be. "In the comments section, I ask if we have the resources necessary," Feinstein said. Feinstein's office said she will request a classified version of the memo, along with what the White House has said "shall not be revealed unless directed by the Secretary of Defense," using her Senate office's procedures for classification. Feinstein told CNN she made the request after hearing from staff members, which is standard practice when it comes to classified information, including discussions about classified surveillance programs. Feinstein also pledged to push the administration to include action to stop the use of drones, which she said would be considered illegal by anyone outside the government. Feinstein said the conclusions are pre-determined and the committee will have to question all the relevant parties, saying she will push back in the next several weeks. Feinstein added that Obama had invited senators to testify. Rep. Adam Schiff (D-California) said during a press conference that Feinstein has called the nation's drone programs a "failed experiment." Feinstein said a Senate Intelligence Committee investigation into the administration's use of drones and the firing of a U.S. airstrike and drone killer in Niger remains underway. Feinstein said she will pursue a resolution that would shut down the program, where she said an 85-year-old physician has been the lone doctor in an 18-month-old town that was also attacked by U.S. troops while attempting to thwart a bomb plot. The assessment was that the threats the government was making toward civilians were credible and the collateral damage was minimal. Feinstein said she was holding discussions with the White House and the Defense Department. "We want to get a comprehensive definition," she said. "This report is not a victory." Feinstein said she is making the request for a briefing following the Thursday release of the document by the CIA. Feinstein will continue her strategy of pushing for a clear definition of the administration's drone program. "We want to talk about the policy that is now in effect. We want to talk about the legality and the decision that has been made to implement it. "We want to get it as clearly as possible for the American people to understand," Feinstein said. It is not clear where Feinstein will draw her conclusion from the CIA's recommendation. "All Americans lost when we used force overseas," she said. "There are nearly 6 million Americans who have been targeted with drones, in every war zone. "We ought to study all of the issues at the level of each individual nationality and language, so that Americans can come together. Congress might want to consider supporting that in its legislation that we take next year." Feinstein's committee also wants to do a separate investigation into the use of private companies to carry out drone strikes and the methods used to conduct targeted assassinations. Feinstein said she is also focused on finding out what happened to U.S. prisoners and what was done to those men and women who were killed by drones and who was called to testify before the committee in January. The report could still be challenged in court, Feinstein said.
Paris, France (CNN) -- The French World Cup soccer team appeared to keep their heads down Thursday after returning from the tournament following their surprise first-round exit.|||SpeakingSport magazine it's.com conducted interviews with the French players as they returned from Russia.
(CNN) -- Rep. Bill Young of Florida, the longest-serving Republican member of the House, died Friday evening, his chief of staff said.|||Rep. That is the name of the Florida congressman who was ousted after his 2002 suicide. Rep. Bill Young, who was removed after attacks on fellow Republicans in Congress. Young had been a longtime member of the House -- the longest-serving legislator serving from 2003 to 2011. His death was announced to CNN's Susan Candiotti by his campaign spokeswoman, Jeanette Reece. A panel recently held a "ceremonial service" at a Web site "Thank you for Serving" for Young. "Congressman Young earned a 690-page valedictorian resolution commemorating the contributions of seven generations of Republican Congressmen and women who have sworn their loyalty to the Constitution and principles that helped to build the United States Constitution," the resolution said. "You have earned the confidence and support of the American people." Young, 91, received the honor for his "exceptional work" in Congress, his spokesman said. Young was elected to his House seat in 1992, after being elected to Congress by the House subcommittee on foreign affairs. But Republican leaders want to replace him with another member and Young has been in the process of siding with that effort. Young was willing to be disciplined, much like Rep. Trent Franks, R-Arizona, for fighting the "sanctuary cities" that Ray LaHood of Phoenix had sued because of his support for President Obama.
(CNN)  -- Real Madrid saw off city rivals Atletico Madrid 2-0 on Sunday night to maintain their leadership of Spain's La Liga.|||Atletico's previous strike came when Atletico's Alexis Sanchez looked to be on the edge of serious injury, but his volley deflected harmlessly over Pepe and back out of goal. Madrid, who were leading 4-0 at half-time, lead by five, 18-man having continued their fine form in the Champions League after a solitary goal from Ronaldo. Diego Simeone's side hit back within the opening two minutes. Casemiro made it 5-2 with a 25-yard drive and header before Borja Baston headed in the second. Thibaut Courtois and Edinson Cavani scored second-half goals for Real who came back to beat second-placed Espanyol 4-2 in Group B. Several excellent second-half performances were marked by a hanging head. Despite last season's 16th-place finish, they began the campaign unbeaten. Atletico lead the title race and are 14 points ahead of fifth-placed Sevilla. In the 11th game of the season, Atletico were held at home by second-placed Barcelona who fought back to beat second-placed Real 1-0. In the early stages of the second half, Rayo Vallecano had goally chances but their efforts were blocked by Koke and Luka Modric. "This team is in a very good position, we have to enjoy the moment," Atletico boss Simeone told MOL. "It's sad to lose, I am sad for them but we are sad for them."
(CNN) -- The Russian coast guard seized two Chinese vessels and detained 36 fishermen Tuesday after they were allegedly found fishing in Russian-controlled waters in the Sea of Japan, according to state media.|||Marines were seized by the China Coast Guard on suspicion they were trawling for cash, Yambala News reported Wednesday. The Chinese coast guard issued a statement saying the agency had seized four small boats on the northwestern coast of Japan, according to state media. The Chinese fishermen were operated by the Hubei province, a Chinese maritime export company, according to a statement. The two boats were "steering a cargo vessel of steel wadis which was seized by the Chinese coast guard," the statement said. The functionary of the coast guard in Japan, I.Y. Gen. Seiji Azima, told Xinhua he did not know what action was being taken.
(CNN) -- A former commercial pilot has been found guilty of charges that he was intoxicated while co-piloting a flight from Austin, Texas, to Denver in 2009, a federal prosecutor announced Tuesday.|||" penalty of $250,000 is possible for Kelly, who has been sentenced to 12 years in federal prison. Kelly, 52, was arrested Tuesday for allegedly ordering his co-pilot to use an electronic communication device, reported KTVT. Kelly also is accused of using another plane's cockpit without being authorized to use it. Kelly, who flew a JetBlue jetliner for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as well as black flight manuals, is also accused of paying $92,500 to cover damage to the planes and their instruments. Kelly failed to register as a flight attendant after his arrest, which prompted the FBI to launch an investigation. CNN could not independently confirm the charges in Kelly's case. Kelly's indictment comes in connection to the plane crash. In February, Kelly's father issued a statement saying his son was not a liability to the aviation industry. "This is a tragic day for our son and our airline industry," the statement read. Kelly was fined and sentenced to two years in prison on March 23, 2009, the day of the crash. "Although the airline didn't want to expose us to that risk, it did not want any way to deter us from making the correct business decisions to operate safely," Kelly's father told KTVT. Kelly's trial began March 9. Kelly, Kelly's father and other co-pilots also were sentenced to suspended sentences. Kelly Brooks pleaded guilty in September to misdemeanor charges that they acted recklessly in flight operations. Kelly Brooks pleaded guilty to felony hazing for allegedly ordering the co-pilot to use an electronic communication device in the cockpit of the aerobatic flight. He and another co-pilot also were charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Kelly Brooks was found guilty in February. He was sentenced March 10. His sentencing was set for April 3. Kelly Brooks is scheduled to be sentenced April 11.
CHARLESTON, South Carolina (CNN)  -- Tropical storm Cristobal was forecast to move "parallel and very close" to the North Carolina coast Sunday morning, but the storm is not expected to make landfall along the eastern U.S. shores.|||"Siren sounded in the distance, a growl could be heard in the distance, and the hurricane's heavy bands are still described by forecasters as "a powerful storm" that could bring a heavy rain and at least a few damaging winds to places. The center is moving to the northwest toward Carolina, bringing heavy rains to Savannah and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and possibly washing up on coastal Maine, Charleston, South Carolina, and Richmond, Virginia. About 40 miles from Augusta, Virginia, a rain gauge posted on the Macon County Airport building reported a drop of less than 1 millimeter Saturday night. On the Outer Banks, reported the weather service, tropical storm-force wind gusts have reached 70 mph. And local officials also warned of a threat from the storm surge spreading inland into areas of lowlands. "The storm surge is in place in southwestern Bermuda and will likely reach south of Cayman Islands and will bring little or no relief, especially to areas along the Northern and Central United States coastlines," said Grand Isle National Seashore. NC Gov. Ernie Fletcher said as much during an interview on CNN on Saturday. "We are going to put our heads together and get ready for the worst and we are going to make the decision." A tropical storm warning is in effect for the Carolina, North Carolina, and South Carolina coasts beginning with the Cape Fear River along with much of the eastern Texas coast and southern Mississippi. CNN's Paula Vasquez contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Faced with a choice between a cash incentive or signing up for a hard day's work, which would you pick?|||L bloggers are busily "Kris and Connor have met every day for eight years and this was their second and only meeting together. They spent the first day joking about what happened last summer's weather and the second was a surprisingly honest conversation about how hurt we are by this problem. Kris brought Kris this year to our campus to talk about overcoming the adversity of having a children. Kris and Connor, both children of Bob and Cathy, are wondering, and feeling very defeated, if they will grow up in this broken world. Kris loves simple things, like baseball, sports and music. And Kris has started working in the lottery, owning a few pieces of gum, as well as traveling a bit with Sarah Palin. She loves being needed by others, and picking them up. And she loves helping people. She loves visiting her office in Cambridge, England, to hang out with them. Charlie -- a Kiwi astronaut -- answered the question out loud and on video for CNN on "CNNOne" early Sunday morning. Where do you live? And what do you do for a living? ... CNN.com asks: Would you consider buying a day pass if you had a chance to show off your talents? What's something that could make or break you? Do you know any good sportsmen or women who could play? Tell us. Comment below.
St. Petersburg, Florida (CNN) -- As if the pictures of birds, fish and animals killed by floating oil in the Gulf of Mexico are not disturbing enough, scientists now say they have found evidence of another danger lurking underwater.|||Scientists have found evidence of biological oil in newly surfaced dead sea worms found alive in a heavy mud, water and clam, their skin curled and scalded bodies clamped shut against water and debris. Photographs of the dead creatures -- nearly a month after they were found -- show the "autocatalytic" biological layer covering more than 23 sediment layers. But even the international commission that monitors marine oil said Tuesday, "Shovels, scrapers and picks are not a substitute for removing all hydrocarbons from the seafloor." While part of this "disruptive " job is to use photos of the holes as evidence to move the chemicals down to the reservoir, scientists say all options remain at the disposal of the scientists who are testing for oil-related, organic hazardous substances. A few weeks after scientists confirmed the presence of oil, three other areas with significant oil residue were found near construction sites on bridges that opened in the Gulf. A research team from the Gulf Center at LSU Science Center found evidence that each portion of the pipe probably contains oil, the scientists say. Researchers first spotted the oil around a spot where "obstructive depth depth" was measured as 78 feet. They ran nearby wells, then headed toward the seafloor after gaining 20 feet of elevation, the scientists said. For a brief time, the oil floated just 30 feet, then begun sloping down for hundreds of feet. For 3,700 feet, the oil gradually began to come up in a "smooth flume," the scientists said, indicating it then shifted to a greater pitch. "We could see that it was moving slowly, in a northwesterly direction," said Robin Findley, who worked on the study. "That's when we realized there was oil in the mud." To find the crude oil -- a byproduct of an explosion of a well oil rig that ruptured and exploded this May -- Scientists had to dig using four large suckers, Findley said. After days of exploring and gathering information, scientists in two coastal Louisiana counties, then the Gulf State University and the University of Florida, identified the macaque, also known as "Opelika," as being involved in drilling the island. Researchers determined that the crude oil had come from 1,136 barrels of oil discovered as recently as August 6 by Deepwater Horizon-contractor Deepwater Horizon exploratory drilling rig operator BP. As an antibioticized substance, oil contains heavy metals, but scientists say most fishing boats come with propellers and bottom hatches. The oil has been said to adhere to the deep-sea marine-biology principles of "toil and trouble." But environmental studies are widely suspected to be more contaminated, and poisonous, than any oil they have seen before. Last month, researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham also found evidence that the oil still takes down diving gear and floats along underwater on tide and water currents. The discovery is not unrelated to the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico; scientists there have found evidence of oil on the central creeks and rivers of Louisiana. River birds have been unable to reach shore or to safely swim to their submerged nests. They can remain underground where they are nestled under warm water without risk of predation. Researchers agree that once the oil gets to the deep reaches of the Gulf, there is little hope of it being removed. Sea-crawlers are not just a nuisance to marine mammals, they also pose a threat to the fragile ecosystems on both land and water, and in the process threaten reefs, communities and natural ecosystems. Experts have warned that the oil will have the ability to kill the creatures and humans in new ways. When scientists found the tar balls in the mud, they knew it would happen to marine life, especially in larger spaces and on land. These expert groups warn, "I wouldn't throw them in an ocean because the oil would make them totally ill-equipped." (A regional team of marine biologists is also assessing its effects.) The oil and gas drilling problems in the Gulf Coast, also known as the Deepwater Horizon, are also imperiling other ecosystems. Critically, the Deepwater Horizon oil spill holds an enormous ecological potential. The environmental risk will not be manageable without a massive health and economic recovery, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
(CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer.|||Andyewhead testified. "For an evil other than the violent gangs that kill our heroes every day, there are no gangs in Oklahoma." Billy Wiggins was so bored, he opened fire on the baseball diamond of a college baseball player whose only job was scoring a big touchdown. When the victim, Kyle Borgo, didn't come back, Wiggins posted a threatening note to him on Facebook that said he wanted him dead or there would be hell to pay. When texted back, Wiggins confessed to shooting Borgo. Wiggins then sparked a manhunt in a rural part of Oklahoma. Nearly a week later, police found Wiggins walking outside an apartment complex when he shot 12-year-old Dee Bradley Cash, authorities said. Cash had been in debt to a gambling syndicate for a year when he ran in on the two intoxicated teens.
Lisbon, Portugal (CNN)  -- Let's face it, footballers have a bad rep. They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them.|||Meanwhile More Problema Fernados premiered at a press conference Thursday evening in Portugal to sell beer, warnin and swag on at Baixada. Winner: David Ginola. Top goalscorer: Parys Arao. Pelé's Usain Bolt is also in top form. All of this looks set to set the Italian forward on a rolling lap of glory. Writer: Peter Reeve Reflects on the latest crop of football stars in the Italian capital.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- In an "unprecedented" reaction to internal Arab affairs, an Israeli official said the country is getting ready to absorb fleeing Syrian Alawites if the Bashar al-Assad regime falls.|||Jerusalem regional committee chairs will be held this weekend to continue deliberations on whether Syria and Lebanon should become Palestinian territories. Israel will receive a "considerable amount" of refugees within Israel, according to a senior administration official who requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. "We're ramping up a lot of security in Israel," the official said. "We're putting a lot of numbers on what may happen in the coming months, and if ... part of that group, the Alawites, feels threatened, which is very strong that's the first step." Israel has responded to Syria's war with air drops and non-lethal weapons, though it has not yet acted to take any military action. President Benjamin Netanyahu has called for a halt in Syria's Syrian war and opposed calls to remove the regime, which began the regime four decades ago when Israel was occupied by Egypt. The Syrian opposition accuses the government of failing to pay its refugees, saying they looted banks in Lebanon and Syria. Israel says it is one of the country's few "critical partners" in its shared Arab agenda. Despite being the cradle of the Syrian uprising, Tel Aviv has become far more closely engaged in the drama of Syria's war. In 2011, it supplied weapons and arms to Syrian rebels after years of opposition by Palestinians. Tel Aviv is now the second-largest source of fuel for the country, Israel says. In August, a senior Israeli security official told CNN that Israel is sending a "significant amount" of weapons to the country, the network reported, without specifying the terms. Israel launches military training exercises involving some of its Arab allies. "I'm sure if you look at the partial pictures of the last years, you will understand that the Middle East has not seen an actual military exercise," Dr. Noam Rotem, deputy director of the Jerusalem-based military affairs council, said. "It's unclear how much support from us we are going to receive from our Arab neighbors for anything other than humanitarian reasons. But, I think you can be pretty sure that will not be in short supply." This is the second year in a row that Syria's rebels have staged mass protests to demonstrate against the Syrian regime. In April, Israeli military officers took part in the Israeli-Arab Peace Forum, which rejected the Turkish side of the Syrian conflict and quickly launched a battle in the Gaza Strip against the Turkish army. These attacks are still continuing. Pundits said that Hamas, which is linked to Hezbollah, launched an offensive targeting Israeli military facilities. Another Israeli general, Moshe Ya'alon, voiced strong support for Israeli troops striking Syria's military academy at the University of Tartus, in northern Syria.
(CNN) -- Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at a Virginia nuclear plant were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week's 5.8-magnitude earthquake, officials said Thursday.|||At Piedmont Nuclear Station has had nearly 6 million gallons of water stored in cask water since the 1953 bombing of Pearl Harbor by the Japanese, which set off a chain of earthquakes that paralyzed cities for two months. In August, more than 29 billion gallons of safety-critical liquid, including tank fuel and fuel rods and fragments of firefighting equipment, were packed in the storage casks, officials said in an emergency statement. Fears of a worse emergency have been predicted since the April 2011 earthquake. But at least one industry analyst said it is unlikely in the year ahead. Hundreds of thousands of dollars in nuclear power plants are now located in quake-prone states -- from Virginia to East Texas, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The region has been quiet since the epicenter, the epicenter of the 5.8-magnitude quake, was about 5 miles south of Piedmont, near the city of Winchester, Virginia. State officials reported that the strongest quake hits the town of Chambersburg, about 40 miles east of Virginia Beach. But the county's engineering center was trained on seismic data and expressed concern about the strength of the seismic data.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The venerable CBS soap opera "Guiding Light" will go dark in September after 72 years and 16,000 episodes, the network announced Wednesday.|||OnThe post-NBC soap opera "Guiding Light," once the most-watched television series in the United States, will go off the air this September, it was announced Wednesday. No production schedule has been set, the rep says. Fans and television critics were astounded at the mammoth removal. The show has been consistently #1 on the NBC daytime ratings, according to ratings firm Nielsen. "Guiding Light" has yet to generate a ratings disaster, the press release said, but the hits have been somewhat sparse in recent months.
(CNN) -- A love story released in time for Valentine's Day, bringing together the stars of "The Notebook" (Rachel McAdams) and "Dear John" (Channing Tatum)?|||Span "emotional, but honest and sweet" love letter to "Dear John" star Channing Tatum that is set to hit select theaters nationwide on March 15. Tatum's next project will be straight-to-DVD, and he also has a book titled "The Mark of Destiny," on which he will rewrite a bit of his previous romance story. Like many of the other well-known artists in the "relationship" genre, Tatum likes to keep his story to himself, using his own material and his own word to tell his story. He was on hand for a film screening for Sony today in New York. CNN's Noah T. Shapiro contributed to this report.
(CNN)  -- The Marine Corps' top officer says he would want to avoid housing gay and heterosexual Marines in the same rooms on base if the ban on gays openly serving in the military is lifted.|||Whyler claims the move to confront gays in the service would be unfortunate. "It would hardly be the first time he took a position that he felt like something was off about the uniform, and people would be upset about that," he said. "I could see where Marine leaders' focus could be rightly placed on a philosophy of privacy." Marine General Stanley McChrystal is the chief of staff of Marine Corps Base Quantico, which is also the home for Camp Pendleton, which is home to the Marine Corps' in Afghanistan. He said that while he doesn't agree with the end of military service for gays and lesbians, he will not support the more restrictive legislation on the books. Under current law, gays and lesbians are not allowed to serve in the military. A so-called homosexual rights act was passed in 2001 which allows gays to serve openly in the military without a preference. It is set to expire in 2013. It includes the option to ban gays and lesbians from joining the armed forces. But it also permits them to serve in civilian service, where they would be subject to civilian laws. The proposed new draft law would let all gays serve openly in the military, without a preference. "I'm talking about full equality for men and women, even if we have our standards and the toleration mechanisms that we have," he said. "That's the principle that I'm actually dedicated to. I am adamant that if we can work around this, we can. "It's important for me to say that this current ban has been fundamentally unjustified." He added that the draft is different from a previous push to criminalize gays in the military, particularly in the military's enforcement branch. The draft, he said, calls for "innocent" gays to be given a chance to serve and to be subjected to oversight. "We have been going through a legal process to determine how we expect to handle this, because in my opinion that needs to be resolved," Wilson said. "This is not about telling gay men to stay out." Wilson said he would consult with his commanding officer "when this issue is raised." He said he will not release any information about the draft, other than to say, "the opinions expressed are those of the officer." Others on Twitter addressed Wilson's comments. Among them were Instagram users "LockUpJUSTDONTFORGETDADDY" and "GoingGangsterGuns" -- using the hashtag "lockupjustdonate!" -- on Twitter.Other Republican senators have questioned Wilson about the future of the military, saying the Navy and Marines should not believe its policy is "justified." Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, who asked him about the draft, said the memo "would put a black mark on America in all respects." Schumer later apologized for his comments. Several Republican senators also spoke out against Wilson on Twitter, saying they believe the commander's words are invalid. They put him at odds with the Pentagon and accused Wilson of "offending America" with his statement. The president's spokesman said the military's chairman is contradicting Wilson's comments. Mike McCaskill told CNN on Wednesday, "He is being inaccurate and using an inaccurate analogy in his argument. "He was not suggesting that the legislation will make any type of difference in the way that he intended for a program like this to function." Similar to in 2004, he said, when the bill was passed, authorities likely would not "physically" push gay people from serving in the service. "What a bit more resources is needed for police and first responders, to monitor the communities and to really make sure the individuals who are performing are acting in the national security best interests of their country," McCaskill said. Democrats are calling for gay marriage to end. But conservatives have countered that the military should not have an obligation to opt out of gay service. "We are not going to be cowed into a kind of foreign indoctrination," Republican Sen. Scott Brown said. "This will not be the type of program that the military has always been; this is something that our elected officials have opposed." "When [the president] proposes this change," Republican Sen. John McCain said. Republican Jeff Sessions praised Kellyanne Conway's remarks Thursday. "As I've said, he said in the past, people should not be arrested for talking about their sexual orientation, because that is a violation of the law."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two Supreme Court justices engaged in a late-night exchange of harsh words before the execution early Wednesday of a convicted Tennessee killer who had been sitting on death row for nearly three decades.|||That's conviction was no surprise. But Graham's appeal was a thorny one for the law-venerative court. He led the way in persuading the Supreme Court to allow a stay until the execution could be carried out. Earlier this month, the justices heard testimony before the Jackson County, Tennessee, execution, backed by the prison system's Death Penalty Information Center. They cited the death penalty law that allows only Georgia inmates to face execution while their appeals are pending. "This order is a tragedy," Justice Elena Kagan said on the eve of the executions. That sentence ruled was not his first. A 1994 jury found Graham guilty of killing Barry Leigh Emerson in Maryville, Tennessee, a drug store. However, there's been only limited information on how the sentence was executed. Graham, 65, was convicted of a first-degree murder that was originally overturned in 2000 after he appealed. His attorney, Wayne Marson, did not take any questions about the upcoming execution. This order could be the last to be conducted by a governor. In February 2010, a federal judge in Indiana sentenced 30-year-old Halanda Dobson to death for killing Adam Higgs, a drug dealer. CNN's John Raby contributed to this report. In a separate report, published Wednesday in The Washington Post, Roger Ebert wrote, "The sentences currently under consideration in Tennessee's capital punishment system were just too harsh, and are thus disappointing." He wrote that "Harris' call for a stay over the District Attorney's review is perfectly reasonable. In fact, this decision is based on the principle that the Mr. Bob Graham is an exceptionally well-qualified defendant." Scores of inmates had been disputing whether he should go to death row, but the Supreme Court in 2006 forced the issue to the end, with several justices suggesting that Kimbrough should be executed first. The state of Tennessee sued, and the state then moved to the death penalty. Craig Smith was put on death row for the 1988 conviction, where he had been convicted in a string of murders. He was sentenced to death in 1999, after a jury trial in 1990. A federal appeals court in 2006 had vacated the conviction, saying it would violate Simmons' constitutional rights, but the appeals court had not yet found a clear answer. In the end, Judge Ted Polston refused to put Smith to death, saying he believed the sentence "does not consider the degree of his atrocities before this Court." Sentencing in 2003 was stayed until the Tennessee Supreme Court took up the matter last year. Harbarger also received an apology from Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton. Judge Edwin Edwards was not involved in the appeal. Last month, the Supreme Court held a hearing before the Knox County, Tennessee, Board of Commissioners on appeals from an appeal from the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, which said that killing Baxter probably violated the Fourteenth Amendment's ban on unreasonable searches and seizures of property. "The Thomas Bennett case stood as a relic of a different era when men or women didn't get a second chance to seek and receive justice," the court said in a court brief. In April 2005, the governor of Tennessee followed the Supreme Court's lead and announced the death penalty in Georgia. Believers had rallied to Phillips. The Supreme Court ordered a stay. "In Tennessee, you simply lost a great deal more time than the next defendant," High Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote. "That goes for anyone who retires from the death penalty," she wrote. "Whether or not there are additional laws of this court who simply like to make a rule, the stakes are significant, as we said today. For a defendant who takes the Eighth Amendment very seriously, all lives are at stake. "In Tennessee, we cannot afford to lose that moment of clarity that sometimes has eluded in the past." Bo Slerk, associate editor of The Tennessean, contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher will retire from Formula One at the end of the season.|||Schumacher was an unprecedented standout in a decade dominated by the likes of Ferrari, McLaren, Renault and Red Bull. But Schumacher says his final race will not be with the sport and that after two titles this season he is ready to embark on the next chapter of his life. "It is a sad day. If you were not at the race you would have been in the stands right there in front of the rest of the team," he told the British media. Schumacher is seven times world champion but has only managed a handful of podium finishes. "It's been a lot of fun and a lot of great memories. I want to say thank you to everyone and tell them how much I appreciate them." Schumacher, 30, has driven for Mercedes since 2010, having won 38 races. However he has been battling injuries on multiple occasions. He suffered two broken ribcages in Germany earlier this year. After the Ferrari incident, Stirling Moss was photographed with Schumacher in tears. "I cannot explain what happened," Schumacher said. "That really has affected me a lot." He added he has begun to feel refreshed, reflecting the training and experience he has in recent years. "If I don't go I know I have to come back. That's it." Force India have three drivers -- Sebastien Buemi, Fernando Alonso and Nico Rosberg -- on their books for 2018 while McLaren hopes to create their first four-time world champions. Canadian pole sitter Kimi Raikkonen starts at the front on his debut race of the season. The Pole sits in his fourth race in a row and his entire career has been shaped by injuries sustained in the past. Daniel Ricciardo will start from second place, with McLaren debuting when Daniel Ricciardo replaces Raikkonen in the race. Ricciardo replaced Daniel Ricciardo in the car he leads by a point on his home track, with Raikkonen in third. "It's a tough car to drive but it's been a rough year," confirmed Raikkonen, who slipped to eighth in the championship after falling from first to 10th on the standings. "The team has stayed on course and we need more from ourselves. We do want to get our second 10-man grand prix. Tomorrow we have to repeat that night for the championship." The 29-year-old Schumacher retired in 2011 with Renault and has since turned his attention to world titles. He won 20 of his 24 races in the sport, his best finish as a driver. Schumacher's good relations with Ferrari have been frosty over the past few weeks and his immediate future is uncertain.
(CNN) -- Are you reading this article on your cell phone or tablet? These days, that makes you pretty normal, especially if you're American, according to a recent report from comScore.|||And then, check out the stats below, chosen by you based on five different population-scale measures from another study conducted by comScore called Global Smartphone Survey 2014. By taking these five factors into account, you should be "looking" 20 to 34 years old in 2013. That's the age group that makes people in the United States the most likely to be interested in smartphones, according to the survey. Maybe you don't have a smartphone yet, but one of the key findings of the survey was that 81.6% of adults have some sort of cell phone, and you are "looking" at your phone. This points to the evolution of smartphone usage in the United States from early to late in the 21st century. Consumers may already be willing to make a switch to using smartphones -- what about in 2013 when some made a move toward tablets? In 2014, a whopping 53.3% of adults went off their device. But, in 2013, about 39% of millennials used an iPad. Oh, and about 12.1% of people said they had a tablet, according to comScore. Those data points also highlighted what comScore said "makes us among the most likely Americans to experience and respond to an online communication issue." The app could offer a great way to alert someone to what's happening around you -- and catch people off guard. It is something not many people are thinking about in 2013. Already for those who aren't a technology user, it can boost a person's online experience, comScore said. "We know it's a problem, but if you remove or block the Internet from your phone, you can get your communications to turn a certain way faster and potentially more people will respond to you, too," it said. The survey of more than more than 100,000 adults can be downloaded from comScore's mobile Web site, which can be found at mathmag.com or by searching for the word "domestic mobile device" on the word search website. Connecting to the mobile web -- getting free wireless data from Internet providers -- and the vast majority of people can already start taking advantage of their newly updated devices, as well as recent changes in the law, according to comScore. They have a handful of popular mobile apps and, like the Hunger Games, they also offer information on using them. "When it comes to texting your friends and family," said Samantha Carlin, director of mobile discovery and engagement at comScore, in an online video for the survey. "The education system is designed for us to help you both access and communicate using the internet." The report will be published by comScore in June. Don't worry, there is always a way to snag a used iPad or tablet for a $99.99 deal. www.comScore.com. David Leigh For more on comScore and the study, go to:
Cristiano Ronaldo has been named in Portugal's squad for their World Cup play-off against Bosnia-Herzegovina despite objections from La Liga side Real Madrid.|||Ronaldo, who was 32 years old on Wednesday night, is set to be an unused substitute for Carlos Tevez.Casillas had revealed the striker would not feature for Wednesday's match in Istanbul as Spanish league leaders Real Madrid are wary of him playing for opposition in the competition against Bosnia. Ronaldo joined Real this summer, but they put in a transfer request which was dismissed by the Portuguese Football Federation. Ronaldo spoke to reporters on Wednesday afternoon on his behalf, saying, "At the moment I am playing a less important game." The team's tactics are perhaps against the norms for the Nations League, and coach Fernando Santos would prefer a "passionate" player, according to Ronaldo's agent. Portugal go to Turkey, where Ronaldo has played twice, for a World Cup qualifier against Bosnia-Herzegovina on November 19. It is currently expected to be the first competitive appearance in the 25-year-old's long career. Ronaldo is set to miss the World Cup, having found inspiration for Real after joining them for an initial £110m fee. When Real got him for the 2009-10 season, Ronaldo enjoyed international success, scoring 53 goals in 101 games. He almost then missed the 2009 Champions League final. But as Portugal dominated their Champions League qualifying campaign, Ronaldo flopped off the mark, with a tally of just four goals in 39 appearances. He has been kept quiet since then, rarely featuring in competitive football. The player has been the main reason for Portugal's decline this season, but feels a lack of form this season has left him compromised. Benfica legend Ronaldo recently moved from Spain to Paris Saint Germain, where he scored 24 times in 75 appearances and was given a first start against Borussia Dortmund. Crucially for the Bianconeri, having been relegated from the Champions League at the start of the season, Ronaldo has never played in France. Cristiano Ronaldo, 39, drew his first line of battle against Bosnia-Herzegovina in a 2-1 loss last week. He managed to score once in nine minutes last time out and later had two goals in Portugal's 7-2 win over Austria. After the match, Spain and Germany managed to talk of how the coach had managed to get a slight edge over the Portuguese. "He told us he was not working with a team-mate in camp, while watching matches," Reber said. "He also talked of how he saw us play against Argentina last month, when we scored the three goals that made the difference in the game."
(CNN)As relatives and friends mourn the loss of their loved ones aboard Germanwings Flight 9525, the world community is stunned by the sequence of events that led to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely crashing the plane into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.|||Passengers fastened on Germanwings Flight 9525 survived the crash. Some of the passengers initially reached their final destination at Germanwings, but most of them died within moments of hitting the plane's windshield. The Austrianwings jetliner crashed into a forest in the French Alps. More than 20 people, including 12 passengers and two crew members, have been found dead at the crash site. CNN's Vern Doney contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- President Barack Obama is visiting China, Myanmar and Australia this week for a series of key regional summits. The trip is his first opportunity since his Democratic Party's massive defeat in the midterm elections to demonstrate the power of the presidency.|||President Obama intends to lead the American delegation to the Asian region this week. The trip is part of Obama's first full legislative agenda since a stunning failure to recapture the White House in November's midterm election. "We will not lose sight of our responsibilities," Obama said in a statement. "There must be a concerted effort within our government to build a Commonwealth of Nations, not to weaken it, and to further our growth, but to build a stronger society so that people can count on it."
(CNN) -- The PlayStation Vita is extending its reach into video and voice calling with the release of a Skype app for the mobile gaming device.|||This Blog has launched, and will be available on the Sony Playstation Vita. With today's announcement, Sony will be introducing another innovation in the game console industry, working with Skype to allow gamers to communicate with each other and their friends.
(CNN) -- Okay, so Alec Baldwin isn't the world's most sympathetic character. He throws tantrums, smacks the occasional photographer and was once caught on tape calling his preteen daughter a "thoughtless little pig."|||3 Times have consistently been harsh on Baldwin. As it were, he chose to appear on the Oscars for his 10th consecutive year in December. It wasn't as if Baldwin has had a good run in terms of the kinds of comments his fans want to hear about him. As in, he jokes about going the German way in Macbeth and asked actor John Travolta to shave off four more hairs in his head. He says he recently started doing a Bible study that was riddled with controversial passages, including comments about vampires. "Now there's a reference to the word beast and I wouldn't be very amused," Baldwin told a crowd gathered in the bowels of Minsk in the courtroom. He joked that he once went the more drastic path of telling a woman her poofy hair made him "goosey." "My first impression is, does this butt, that is 16, a weird ass, I don't have any hair and that I'm very much guilty of things that I have to address," he said. Baldwin has an impressive list of acting credits, including a stint on "The Simpsons" and "Dynasty." He also appeared in a role on TV last year, when his character played the devil in the movie "A Beautiful Mind." He played a drug dealer who got into a brutal beating when the arsonist wanted to try and get rid of him. "Everybody is so easy going and everybody is trying to help everybody."
(CNN) -- Passengers on a United Airlines flight on Monday helped subdue a man who they said stood up and screamed about the CIA, national security leaks and poison.|||Davidian Gray, 59, appeared to have been sitting on the aisle when he reached for one of several buttons on his seat, said Dallas Oliver, deputy public information officer for the Dallas Office of Emergency Management. Before Gray got off, a Delta employee who was onboard rushed to the man's aid. It was unclear who had the power to remove Gray from the aircraft and whether he was being held, Oliver said.
President Barack Obama and John McCain are once again at odds over national security: this time, it's over the North Korean cyberattack on Sony Pictures.|||President, honoring those taken hostage by North Korea, John McCain, a staunch critic of President Barack Obama, is using the hands of the ICBAN to sift through a new generation of political battles, preparing for the fourth election of Obama as the nation's commander in chief, a Senate Foreign Relations Committee says. "When we look across the ocean, we see a strong and united America with a unified foreign policy," the committee said in a statement, adding that McCain "has yet to have a single disagreement with the president on the issue. In fact, the most that Obama has had disagreements with over cyber issues in the past is in resolving the problem that is the greatest of all," it said. The committee statement says, "That is why the Administration is and will continue to make bipartisan, balanced proposals to address issues at the Security Council." The Senate Committee voted to send a lengthy letter to the president denouncing the attack against Sony Pictures. A new lawsuit by the committee could ensue, the group argued. "This represents a concrete confrontation between two parties that should not be resolved by threats from an outside source," according to a statement from a representative from the Democratic National Committee. The Senate voted 61-39 in favor of a resolution authorizing the Justice Department to file an initial suit to have CNN and other outlets removed from the Warner Bros. website and put under criminal investigation. Obama has already blamed Obama for the "extremely aggressive and troubling" actions taken by the United States against North Korea, specifically the cyberattack against Sony. But it's the Asia subcommittee that first pointed to the link between North Korea and the Sony Pictures hack. "Since we're treating the issue more importantly, as well as China, other countries like Australia and the United Kingdom have taken similar action," the Senate subcommittee said. We're not going to tolerate behavior that denigrates, marginalizes or denigrates. Instead, I think we should be doing everything to promote cooperation, with the full cooperation of all governments and all parties involved and the protection of the public interest. "If the administration moves to retreat from North Korea, we should respond in kind. If not, we should defend our world." We talked to many former U.S. service members, some of whom were remarkably diplomatic about their views. They recall stories of Soviet aggression during the Cold War. They described what they saw as a handpicked North Korean ally, and a hacker with "No Go" signs going about his business. They cited encouragement from a former South Korean president for his political friends. They also cited the National Security Agency that never interfered with Iran, and Iran's track record of working with Pyongyang and Saddam Hussein. These are the kind of decisions that we should be asking our foreign leaders to take, and should take seriously. "Today, I thought it might be prudent to coordinate with John McCain on this important issue and address whether we should protect our homeland from a devastating cyberattack," said Stephen Keen, a former CIA analyst. He explained that the debate over U.S. response to the Sony hacking was not about the unprecedented Iranian threat that emerged last month. It's about defending our border from an unknown but significantly violent nuclear threat, Keen said. "You cannot claim that we should launch a preemptive strike in the face of an international power." "What we're discussing here is, why should Americans support U.S. involvement in a war? Why should they protect North Korea and Iran, when the United States should face imminent threat?" I think for the most part there is a strong case for what we've said: Get to know these countries, and then see what we've done. "I don't want there to be a chill and a reluctance to discuss [North Korea] with respect to going forward because we need to change." One big problem here is that Obama and McCain are starting to disagree about how to deal with the cyber threat. I can't imagine Congress is going to join these two opposing camps to combat North Korea. But there may be fewer chances for a deal. In the short term, it seems to be time for Congress to do the right thing.
London (CNN) -- British newspapers are abuzz with speculation that Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine is expecting a girl after a member of the public reported hearing what seemed to be a hint that a daughter is on the way.|||A letter from the author to an Internet "facsimile of that letter" was picked up by a photographer at a prestigious children's magazine in Japan as part of a story about Prince William's fiancee and third child. The article, published Tuesday, said the reader made a convincing and accurately reproduced exchange between Michael Diana, Catherine's sister, and a young man dressed as Edward VIII. Both men seem shocked to find a photo of themselves in the same shirt at the same time but did not discuss it, the report said. The page's curious opening name, Alexandra, and its accompanying British headline, also appeared at The Telegraph in London, but it was not noted in the accompanying story. "The Middletons told us there was no other way that Catherine could have produced a letter like that," the paper reported. "The prince wouldn't even be able to read them himself. Maybe the dog could, or perhaps a giraffe, if she saw this person."
More than 220 people have been rescued after two ice floes broke off from the Latvian coast and were blown into the Gulf of Riga, Latvian emergency services said Friday.|||Authorities in the Latvian capital stopped one ship off the shore but were able to rescue up to 19 other ships. The ship is the Savaliaa, a Franco-Belgian vessel that took in 16 people last week after weather conditions prompted authorities to change the way they sail on the Baltic Sea coastline. Ice slid down two ice floes and made the 12-hour journey an act of self-defense, according to the navy's rescue center on the shores of the capital's Purbokas shore. The source of the rescue came from the rescue ship Jarno. Flight control has been put on hold to allow the sinking ship to float, the naval vessel's location was confirmed in the Baltic region of Riga, which is about 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Riga. Salone Gaspero, commander of the rescue unit, confirmed that the water damage was mostly caused by three ice breaks, but he could not confirm the number of people involved. They were being towed to the detention center, which is in Kavelasa, the main ferry port. The aloft vessel the Suvamvasia is being towed to Stausvadski, about 80 km south of Riga, the Latvian coastal authorities said. The storm is said to have started Friday morning. The winds, meanwhile, have dropped to 18 kph (7 mph), the last advisory from the Baltic Sea rescue service said. The storm left between 500 and 600 people injured, including at least 21 critically, Jarlilindija Addali, assistant head of the rescue service, said on the agency's Twitter feed. The first ship was evacuated in the morning, but some 112 people were sent from the ship and later transferred to rescue centers, the Latvian navy said. More than 30 casualties were reported by emergency services. Latvian officials have warned that a second incident is expected in the area, with eight to 12 other ships involved in ice cracking. At least two of the ships have been located, Leitrimijskijski confirmed on Twitter. More than two dozen emergency workers were deployed Thursday to shore. The government said it feared a loss of life, and has temporarily suspended a coastal security operation. Four ships have been evacuated to the Danish islands in the Baltic Sea, the Russian Interior Ministry said in a statement. The incident comes as part of a much broader European weather event over the weekend, Russian Emergency Ministry said.
(CNN) -- A CNN iReport showing people dancing on the floor of the North Carolina House of Representatives near the end of its legislative session is causing a bit of a stir.|||Theresa Pierce Napier House Committee on Public Safety estimated that at least 50 lawmakers in the Raleigh area were dancing on the floor during the 35-hour session, the home page of CNN iReport reported Friday afternoon. "Everyone in the house was making dance moves," said Assembly Minority Leader Todd Richardson. "Efforts were being made to get the House floor in order at midnight, to keep the traffic at a manageable level." Journalist Jon Gunn contributed to this report. The show began broadcasting Thursday around 3 a.m. ET at the 3½-hour point, but the timing was apparently said to occur just before nightfall. Lawmakers repeatedly said they were attending the end of the session, but they weren't being paid for it. The action forced hundreds of employees -- some of them officers -- to stay behind in their districts because of the lapse in cameras, but several lawmakers were not allowed back into their homes until Friday morning. At first, Monday's meetings were complete. However, attendees were posted to Facebook, Twitter, Facebook Messenger and other media outlets to discuss their experience at the legislature. The 2 p.m. video began circulating Friday. The group stopped quickly.
(CNN) -- A 12-year-old girl allegedly kidnapped in South Carolina is back home after federal agents arrested the man accused of taking her, the FBI said Friday.|||Authorities arrested McLaughlin after he allegedly abducted the 12-year-old girl in an abduction that occurred near her family's home in Graham last month. McLaughlin, 33, faces kidnapping charges. As part of the search, U.S. marshals found numerous pounds of marijuana and marijuana plants. The girl is believed to have been with McLaughlin about 30 miles away, according to Graham police. The FBI tweeted it was trying to find the girl and had zero leads on where she might have been taken. It is the first-ever kidnapping of a US citizen. McLaughlin previously had been in trouble with police. He was charged in 2008 with felony and misdemeanor burglary after he allegedly beat his wife with a hammer, officials said. She was arrested in that case as well.
The Venezuelan government says it is investigating allegations that unauthorized Brazilian gold miners killed dozens of Yanomami Indians in an attack in the Venezuelan Amazon.|||Police forces supported the Yanomami village of Saomeduyan in operations to monitor illegal miners there on Saturday. At least 23 Yanomami Indians were killed and 27 others were injured in the battle, said Raul Quijada, a Yanomami official. The women and children who were most hurt were taken to an evacuation center, where they were treated for injuries to the legs and arms. Several of the dead were taken to a hospital, Quijada said, but at least seven are still missing. He said three known gold miners from Brazil are suspected of the attack. In May, Ecuador reported that Portuguese and Venezuelan miners stole Brazilian gold from an encampment set up by miners in the Alto Wando area of the Amazon. The Rio Grande tribe returned early to rescue the miners from the violence last November. Brazil says it was investigating claims that hundreds of miners had looted, torched and tried to steal gold, but a Brazilian tribunal has ruled that no offense was committed. Brazil, Venezuela and Argentina are all central to the South American nation. The regional groups hope to find the legal owners of the two miners. Guzman, the president of Amazonia state, where Yanomami are from, said Sunday that the government was starting its own investigation. None of the miners who were attacked have been named, he said. Journalists had previously reported on the attacks. Maduro's Justice Minister Hugo Chavez said in January that the group Yumasi was planning to strike a pincer plant under the capital of Caracas that was believed to be owned by a Brazilian gold company. Chavez attributed the killings to "armed criminal gangs" outside the city, calling the Yanomami culture an "enmity" toward both the government and Brazil.The Yanomami were forced off their land when a riverbank was blocked by illegal miners. Yanomami had been living in the area for more than 300 years.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- An elderly woman infected with a strain of avian flu that is rarely seen in humans died in China earlier this month -- marking the first human fatality from the H10N8 virus.|||An elderly woman infected with H10N8 flu in China after traveling to that country from Hong Kong who later died of pneumonia is still undergoing treatment, says the U.S. National Institutes of Health. Sister Nafie Li, the lead veterinarian for the matter, said she took her patient, who died at a hospital in Guangdong province last week, to a nearby home -- the only person with a case of the influenza known to exist. The death was the first H10N8 virus in China this year. The most severe flu illness, H3N2, is triggered by the presence of a potentially airborne virus in birds. In January, a case of avian flu killed two Chinese poultry and three adults, and was associated with the death of other poultry. At that time, nobody had seen a similar case of H3N2 circulating in humans. Only recently has influenza reached more than 60 birds in China, and last month, three infected Chinese Pheap families were culled. That's a policy that some experts worry puts more strain on a vulnerable population already battling swine flu and other illnesses. Patients who don't develop symptoms are at risk of contracting the fatal virus, the NIH said. Other nations, including Australia, where H3N2 has been found in 53 birds, have taken preventive measures, the NIH said. China, itself the world's top avian producer, produces almost 70 million poultry each year. The flu is a seasonal infectious disease, which spreads through small animals to humans, domestic birds and then onto the surface of the atmosphere. "Most influenza viruses that circulate among humans are among the highly pathogenic H3N2 virus and H5N2 virus which are not associated with humans," the National Institutes of Health said this week. But H10N8 is fatal among animals that are not vulnerable to vaccine. Moreover, it causes severe respiratory problems, such as pneumonia and sudden death. According to the WHO, influenza season began late September, but ended in September. The influenza strains in China began to affect chickens in early October, after a tour of northern China. The flu was the first of its kind for human beings, according to the NIH. Nor was the illness fatal. But the H10N8 virus spreads virally through poultry and birds, causing fever, vomiting, diarrhea and red eyes. It also can be transmitted from person to person and can cause miscarriages. Two people in China contracted H10N8 from unrelated birds during the month-long period in September. It sickened their children and nephews with respiratory illnesses. Three people were hospitalized, but later died, the NIH said. See its slides.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Lindsay Lohan missed her flight back home from a Hawaiian vacation, but she will be back in Los Angeles in time for an important court appearance Wednesday, her spokesman said Tuesday.|||The fans have seen herself atop the social media frenzy the past several weeks, though, they wouldn't say much. What they would say is, "Oh, well, Lindsay was still getting through her Christmas break," said Simon Saysbury of Lemon Grove, Los Angeles. "Lily's house has not been really locked down," said William DeWitt of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office. "It is business as usual. It's a much routine thing." "I think it is a bit of a bummer that they got a little drama out of it, that they chose to go public now," DeWitt said. "That was a really disappointing and a little inflammatory." The Florida incident is being investigated by the U.S. Attorney's Office as a possible hate crime, though no charges have been filed. Lohan, 25, is being held on suspicion of making threats against herself and her family and felony grand theft auto. The allegations stemmed from videotaped conversations between her and then-boyfriend, Justin Timberlake, through which he was accused of conspiring to give her illegal drugs and then providing her with fake IDs. Police arrested Timberlake on the charges. From 2002 to 2006, Lohan made headlines when she filmed herself partying with Timberlake, leaving the authorities with a statement on her Twitter account saying, "Lucky me, Tim!" Before her arrest, Lohan appeared in court in July and didn't change her Twitter avatar from "Upside Down High" to a lower profile photograph depicting Timberlake's face. YouTube.com. A stinging trial for Timberlake, the Summer of Love, was held Monday and continued Tuesday. High-profile cases in which women face serious charges have included attempted murder for trying to cover up their pregnancies as teenagers in MTV shows such as "Girls, Girls, and Hot in Cleveland" -- and another in which "The Vagina Monologues" star, Paulie J, attempted to get his prenuptial agreement in hopes of a child pornography conviction. Lohan has argued that the 2004 case was set up, that he was the one who wanted her arrested and she was accomplishing her revenge by helping him. In January 2011, she was charged with child pornography, perjury and other charges, including violating the country's constitutional restrictions on nudity. In a Thursday hearing, Lohan said she will plead not guilty to a count of furnishing child pornography. Prosecutors also sought injunctions to block the release of the images of the 14-year-old. She wrote in court documents, "I will have no further comment until such time that this matter is resolved." Timberlake was captured in the same scenes that propelled the men and Lohan to fame. More than two years ago, Timberlake was held by police in Bozeman, Montana, where he was charged for using pornography, including because his phone set up a prostitution ring in his room. His belongings were thrown across a freeway as he escaped a federal immigration holding cell. He was sentenced to 120 days in prison in 2005. His alleged crimes included accessing an underage girl in his hotel room after his charges were dismissed. After his release, Timberlake issued a statement about the incident to CNN. "I am being prosecuted for using my actions to bring other people down," Timberlake said in that statement. As time was running out for his trial in September, Timberlake notified people that he had taken a little time to write down a letter asking them to send their attention to the court, saying, "If they don't feel safe writing something, they don't." Timberlake told CNN last month that he would "review my own statements, and if the judgment feels inappropriate, I will seek to appeal it." Timberlake declined to comment on his public deposition. The A.V. Club noted that "Los Angeles Sheriff's Department and Orange County Sheriff's Department have put out a press release describing what happened to Lindsay." CNN's Holly Marie Jackson, Lindsay Lawrence and Travis Breault contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- A judge's claim that she was ordered to always rule in the U.S. Coast Guard's favor in cases against civilian mariners cannot be substantiated, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general concluded Tuesday.|||The Coast Guard's appeal to Judge Bonnie Mercado-Colome was denied last month, prompting the agency to announce that it will no longer have to pay bail to mariners arrested for "unauthorized navigation" or have their lives endangered. The department isn't specific, but the situation may not be any different if it does happen again, because the Coast Guard could decide to stop admitting to owning weapons and manufacturing explosives, the inspector general concluded Tuesday. Federal law, federal courts, court orders and administrative actions all require that the Coast Guard address misconduct related to its vessels. The agency is now in the process of filing motions for voluntary arbitration of these matters before the Civilian Maritime Transportation Board (MMTAB), which will hear the case in October. The judge's decisions are subject to federal review. According to the federal report, the Coast Guard is taking a "diligent" and "deliberate" approach when bringing cases against civilians. It refers to rulings in court that do not explicitly order the buyer or seller to carry arms. "The judge cannot prevent Americans from simply returning their guns and detonating weapons on others." The Coast Guard has been accused of "exploiting" its own members to gain an advantage over an employee. In the past, it has been accused of hiring agents to illegally carry weapons, firebomb boats, suppress protests and otherwise interfere with the work of its officers. The Coast Guard maintains it upholds the practice and that no fines were paid to unauthorized individuals. "These practices violate the Constitution and deny justice to persons unjustly detained," the report states. A U.S. Coast Guard investigation into maritime patrol for stolen combat supplies found that "the Coast Guard's Office of Enforcement was aware of the presence of a subordinate "that extended to the vessels involved." The weapons seized after the shipments were turned over by the Coast Guard are for equipment that could lead to improvised explosive devices being placed on individual weapons, according to the report. U.S. Coast Guard doesn't track weapons and flash-bang grenades in residential neighborhoods.
(Ars Technica) -- Buying a home video game console may soon become a lot more like buying a cell phone, according to a new report suggesting Microsoft is planning to offer a subsidized, $99 bundle including a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor to anyone who commits to two years of a new, $15 monthly online service package.|||Microsoft will be offering "Xbox Pay" cards for up to two years as a pre-paid cable-TV service, instead of a monthly one. "Microsoft Pay" provides the Xbox 360 with a "free 500GB storage card (with 1GB purchased) for the first 18 months of service," the outlet said. "Once the new charges are paid the $15 monthly fee is capped at $60. In a statement obtained by Ars Technica, Microsoft officials emphasized that it is "working to provide a win-win-win savings for all users." The $59.99 to $70.99 Xbox 360 price varies in regions where only store-bought games are made, Microsoft said. If you're in the Mountain View, California area, a $129 minimum is required to receive an Xbox Play Anywhere digital device, it added. Also, no one will be charged extra for streaming video and uploading videos to YouTube or Hulu Plus. A few weeks after the launch of the Kinect, Microsoft will begin selling a "up to two year Xbox Play Anywhere" service, the company said. Xbox.com will "gain control of existing Microsoft user accounts," it said. There will be no screens, no warnings. Just a on-screen timer of "Xbox LIVE events" and a sweep "to go" button that lets a user reach up from a TV remote. The company also said today that the Xbox 360's stock price will decrease by 10% this week, and that the price will decrease when the company looks at e-book sales. The price point for the Kinect changes will come down to $499 after the two-year purchase period. More games will be bundled for $89.99, the "Xbox Pay" deal is said to start April 12. "Our goal is to remove the feature premium it currently carries and replace it with a full-price plan that lowers membership dues, by announcing Xbox Games For Free," said Evan Greenberg, a research analyst at IHS. "If an option is dropped from the program for less than the annual registration fee, then other users can choose to access the game through Xbox One through the Xbox Game Pass online store." The ability to buy the Kinect will require a $50 $2,500 one-year Xbox Live membership, according to iMore.com. The company also said it was "currently evaluating" other ways for the console to connect to the Xbox World account, and the offer may roll out at the end of the year. Many critics already note that Kinect features an incredibly low "latency" when compared to that of many other motion-sensing software, and that the latest version of the console, the Xbox 360, is outdated. But there are some that believe Kinect will be a valuable addition to current gaming consoles. Video game consoles have traditionally gotten two years of free service before owners can buy the $99 bundle, but those who have had subscriptions -- or who paid for the service -- receive a yearly bundle at the end of that year for $50. It doesn't take long to stream the same game using an inexpensive streaming service. Buy the same game twice. The Xbox One is on sale for $189 at Walmart and GameStop. Finally, a redesigned Xbox 360, created for $399, was released in May. The system came with 2GB of storage. That $199 price tag obviously took the hardware and processor out of the equation. The new console, which will sit atop a $299 U.S.-based PlayStation 3 on which Xbox 360 now sits, will reportedly cost $399. The cost will reportedly come down a little from current model. And don't discount the $99 bundle in the U.S. for convenience reasons. Some people have speculated that Xbox Live, a smartphone operating system, may sell for about what it does for the console. But the price of that service could soon come down even further, if Microsoft takes a more modest approach to deals. The Xbox e-Video Game Pass includes the free Kinect sensor. Amazon's online store, for example, will sell the Kinect and Xbox Live accounts, at a price starting as low as $99. But while most fans are probably already tempted to buy this model, the $99 price tag includes Amazon Prime or $199 for some games such as FIFA19, the website reports. The Xbox Live App sells just one Kinect sensor. If you're among the many individuals willing to pay to rent the Kinect, click here for more information.
(CNN) -- Standing 6 feet 3 inches (1.9 meters) tall and with a shaved head, fashion designer Ozwald Boateng often cuts a dash as much as his tailored suits.|||Poor analyst Mark Lindsay says Boateng is in demand at the garment store in London, where the designer has created dozens of luxury garments, including stripes, tailored jackets and suits and a trench coat. "He only works in underwear," Lindsay says of the Ghanaian, whose product revs up in September when the British flag is lowered at his show. "He's always a gentleman, but, he does what he wants, which is to go to London to have his face removed." A Russian rock group, Interpol, has dubbed the nordic designer a "Great Designer" for his undeniably modern designs with simple lines, controlled cutouts and a sartorial approach that creates a global, modern street style. "You can't miss him because you don't know what he is," Keith Hirst, formerly of UK-based label Killarney, says of the designer. London designer, since 1972, has specialized in sportswear and sportswear goods, from a rave jeans inspired by race cars to liquid pearl-liner eyewear. "This is his new style, he did not really know what to do with it, and he only had one style to do it in, which was have it on in a boxer's jacket." He said Boateng was very stylish, but didn't wear it well. Bayou Style Gallery, an independent fashion store in Bali, held a show on Monday night where it seems Boateng wears almost everything -- including high-end suits and sports jackets. Boateng is keenly interested in the profession of interior design and is on board with various social issues. "People realize, those who use a knife, or knives or whatever, want to cut themselves. We fashion [the designers] who are not very circumspect. It's very normal with this customer. He has no inhibitions with what he likes. He's confident and brave," says John Hinds, their international creative director. "He's in love with the Italian shoes he wears." In addition to his bathing suits, Boateng is also known for his suit jackets and tailored suits worn with flares. "The suits are always covered with pant legs," Hirst says. "I had to find new t-shirts for my own wardrobe. All of the garments, for me, have a suit, for both myself and the customers. There are not any businesses that use suits. I prefer suits because they say, 'Look at me. I am O.K.’ But I feel an instant affiliation with the tailor." Australia's Choice magazine in Britain made Boateng its most prestigious British designer of the year in 2017. The magazine highlighted a few of his pieces, including the white tie tie and Sunday suit, found on Boateng's recent five-month shopping trip to Milan. A few months later, he stopped by an Austrian import shop, Matix for an impromptu photo shoot. Boateng is not bothered by the 10-foot tall Hungarian astride a white bike. When it comes to design, he wants no fuss and no fuss. "He's a comfortable fashion guy," Lindsay says. "He's very socially his own guy." Outside of London, the designer is equally able to command attention. He has designed clothes for restaurants in Cape Town, Porto, Monaco and London. Along with other designers, he has also created fashion lines for Langhabank, McDonald's, Mastercard and Lipton. "I take the eye for detail," says Hirst. "I don't go all out, but I do like detailing. I can see small details." MELANIE HIGHTE, Courtesy Of Variety.com. CLICK HERE to Try A RISK FREE e-mail e-mail.
(CNN) -- Every syllable that could have possibly been uttered on Rosen v. Romney, the latest offshoot of the demonstrably dopey Democrat-fabricated "War on Women" has already been said.|||By the time has come for liberals and anti-choice crusaders to actually apologize. Republicans are on the offensive. But before then, the American people will be used to it. For once, more than has been said before. Enough already. In much of the way that President Bush's paid hairdressers lack a handle on their sex lives, President Barack Obama's suits against a bankruptcy judge has not had a head to shame anyone in public life. He appealed to women around the country -- just like the type of legal proceedings that started by the judge that led to his misconduct and led to his arrest. Because, obviously, the "sex of men" is being thrown around just to win an election. "A lot of women out there today are real, honest women with aspirations," Secretary Clinton wrote. "Women with ideas about how they can grow and grow bigger and more influential in our country and get into other careers." As though that will help anyone, Obama argued that any segment of the population whose support is based solely upon attraction would not support him, that women's decisions constitute "his or her" best strategy for the future. But I have no doubt that our political system will never let that happen. Indeed, we are proof that. Despite the inaccurate invocation of the Women's Victory Fund, President Obama is the only party spokesperson or elected official whose campaign has consistently celebrated the fact that women create and preserve the health of the nation. And yet, when we look at Ms. Clinton's supporters' attempts to make her the face of the fight against abortion as a demon she is, we may see that Romney is indeed the picture of identity politics -- an obsessive and manipulative man whose motives look even more desperate than those of his supposed opponents. The time for rational debate about an obvious tactic that will give him an advantage over Obama and the Democrats is long passed. Women on the defensive: The man with the complaints-filled nails and hair matted to his head, only with rose colored glasses, wore chains that instructed him to keep his hands to himself. CNN senior political writer David Nakamura, who was an activist with Occupy Wall Street in the 1990s, wrote a scathing column for the Huffington Post. He wrote, "Even though women aren't mentioned in Romney's new campaign ad, Democrats don't want her voted out of office. By throwing her into the hot seat she's elevated her voice, unifying an ailing GOP voter base, and that's not exactly a constructive move for a Democratic president." We hope that Obama realizes, as we did in 1995, that the misfired intent of these attacks came through at his own expense. Even though they shouldn't have. But, as he acknowledged Friday in his "Zero Dark Thirty" speech, he decided to ignore the actual intent when casting the decision in his favor. "Everyone should have the opportunity to vote for anyone, and we should make sure that they are aware," he said. Meanwhile, that he did not win the general election, even though everyone thought he would do well. "I still don't have faith in these claims," Obama conceded to CNN Friday night. Romney also said he was choosing to take issue with the "N-word." Many people in the U.S. media have suggested as much. "Our newspapers and our talk shows should be far more active in making certain that elected officials and commentators are invited to consider their positions as far beyond the point of view of today's angry hyperpolarized, tiresome partisans." At the time of writing, neither Romney nor his campaign responded. This week's New York Times story, "Romney Tries to Defend Sex-Race Rhetoric," is being widely shared. Why is Hillary doing the same thing to her opponent? Because she doesn't want to watch the second presidential debate on the right. And Clinton has four more months to act, she says, because Republicans do a "feeling" about the first one. Whether Mitt Romney wants to be president of the United States or the next presidential candidate, the unlamented truth is that "in any life, women in any position are our co-pilots." Regardless of the partisanship, the woman responsible for the discussion cannot be silenced. The consequence of this anti-sex-fueled campaign will be clearly apparent. We will soon learn more of the consequences if Obama refuses to admit that, as Obama has said: "I've never voted this way," and the war on women begins.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Boys may soon be able to get Gardasil, the vaccine given to girls and young women to prevent infection by four types of human papillomavirus.|||Vo. The legislation said it would ensure children younger than 13 years old could get the virus. The United States has tested nine cervical cancers in teenagers and has confirmed negative results in eight others. "The emergence of HPV in girls in the mid-20s is a public health concern. HPV may cause lifelong symptoms in early childhood such as pneumonia and other cancers that cause convulsions and temperature loss and require repeated care," according to the CDC. Vaccines such as Gardasil were created when the virus was first detected in a girl in 1978 at the age of 10. The virus was also found in an unrelated man, reported The Chicago Tribune. "Early experience with Gardasil has been promising," said Lisa L. Prochnikoff, in a press release issued by the CDC. "Our goal is to make a difference in the lives of girls, boys and other young people as well as girls and boys who are transgender." Papillomavirus immunization (WWDS) -- the vaccine given to girls and young women -- has reduced cervical cancer in 1.4 million children worldwide. The polio virus vaccine gained even more popularity over the past decade when a variety of vaccines and all-natural strains of the virus were available. HPV vaccines are much stronger than other vaccines and work because they are more effective at protecting females, the CDC said. But concerns have been raised about infants being exposed too soon to HPV. When the vaccine begins to be used for boys, starting in the first half of 2012, it can delay cervical cancer prevention for 3-6 years. The most common complications of HPV include poor oral circulation, low immunity, early infection, and decreased immunity to age-appropriate vaccines, the CDC said. Gastrointestinal infections can also increase in the vaccinated, and can take up to a year to become fully treated. According to the CDC, only 47 women and 8 children have had cervical cancer. The virus is found in 40 different viruses in the human body, which may be reasons why the disease continues to infect individuals in younger age groups, including those in advanced countries. Early HPV vaccination, or cervical/rhesus/nasal and HPV, protects against cervical cancer at least 26-29 years old. However, the vaccine has been found to be ineffective against the remaining five types of human papillomavirus. The most common HPV cases occur in newborns, children and adolescents aged 2-12. Parents may be put on the vaccination list for their babies as early as age six. This is the first step that medical experts have taken in protecting females, especially those from HIV, HPV and other sexually transmitted infections. Common diagnoses include cervical cancer, mouth ulcers and painful skin infections, including meningitis.
Two people have been killed and 45 others were wounded when clashes broke out during anti-government protests in Thailand's capital, an official said.|||Thai militants fired on police officers Thursday, said provincial governor Suthep Kallisongkan. The violence occurred in Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi district and many of the protesters were injured, the health ministry said in a statement. At least 71 people were arrested. Four people were killed and 24 people were injured and at least 76 people have been arrested by the military, which is trying to arrest those involved in the unrest. The clashes came after protests that began after a lead National Day rally on January 31. Protests were called by the Thai People's Party, which is led by Thaksin Shinawatra, and Arawak "unpopular" protesters have shouted down rallies this year. Thaksin, who is fiercely opposed to the development, has promised to leave Thailand. Thaksin, himself an opposition leader, has been called out as one of the main impostors and a coup is expected to fail. At least three members of the government's security forces have been killed in the protests. Two soldiers were shot dead while police stormed a number of locations in Bangkok, according to the health ministry. According to Thailand's police department, police arrested 50 people. A Thai police spokeswoman said this week that a shootout occurred between police and protesters on Thursday near an area they had set up a checkpoint. In Bangkok, clashes broke out about seven hours earlier with a police officer and a group of protesters who threw rocks at police. A police officer was later shot dead and several other people were wounded and medics at the scene, said Soerapha Khamjum, spokesman for the NCPO, the main political party that represents the anti-government movement. As tensions escalated, police sent in helicopter gunships, which are the state aircraft in Bangkok -- Thailand's largest army base -- to control the volatile scene. Many people threw stones, and some burned down buildings.
(CNN) -- At last the mystery has been solved.|||KeysNews Correspondent Danny Bea, a longtime Post journalist, wrote this weeks story based on evidence provided by Hershel.org. The National Geographic Society published it as a "Top 10 unsolved puzzles of the 1800s." Giraffe slithers around Antarctica, crosses over the small continent, mixes crocodile soup, eats freshly smashed watermelon and eats forest branches in search of fish. The lizards soon turn up, eventually zapping several small patches of ground which then bring together. One of the reporters-in-training has chagrined at the private scientists who find the mechanism. "To me, it looked like a three-dimensional body," Bea said. But at the bottom of the body was a mud-soaked puzzle paper plate. The simple operation of slicing it together revealed it was a tire of some sort, or a tool used for transplanting organs. Were those once 14-year-old children alive in his outhouse? Desperately-meaningful questions hovering over Utica, Massachusetts, shook the globe. Eventually, it was his family's story, too. After an intranet search -- which revealed 18 possible identities -- the police solved his mystery as the heart of the Susquehanna River Wilderness conservation group. "They recognized it and knew they needed to do something," said Gretchen Bowen-Reed, a civil servant and rep. for the Sierra Club, later adding, "It was them who had something to do with the fundraiser." He said he received seven tips, 10,000 times during a yearlong investigation, just like the Olbrich children when they lost their loved ones in World War II. In a news release, company officials said, they came across the discovery in a weather-controlled helicopter over Peru's Simapu-tau National Park. The search was so successful that Boise, Idaho, authorities went to work nearby to find the public who had reported the foul smell. The pigs were spotted but took a short time to disperse. That turned out to be a disadvantage because the authorities were unable to determine how far they went because there were too many bodies. So many people having to go outside who had lived there for hundreds of years. For years these creatures scurried about. The police identified them in the narrowest areas, often taking measurements for blood trails and other techniques. But the results were such that the ecology was preserved, and these outcrops of rocks are allowed to grow again. This makes the dead tree a particularly important area for the environmentalists. Penn State -- whose statue of Joseph Penn is nearby the National Monument -- was not excavated last year. There was no official acknowledgment, but experts said researchers did consider that detail. All the evidence indicates that Scott Bohuslowski was in the area. The result of his "best look ever" has been an excavation which measures a thousand square miles and produces human and animal remains. "There is a reason for that big of a coat in the New York City area," said Fehr and Eberla. Learn more about where the investigation is located, and click here. Links to the story:
New York (CNN) -- A peacock that had escaped from the Central Park Zoo returned home on its own Wednesday morning, the Wildlife Conservation Society told CNN.|||"Cat fled after spotting Frank. Yucatscucca, the six-year-old peacock, just before noon on Wednesday. The zoos staff said they needed to find Long Island's Peter Pan to help care for the animal. Little did they know that the peacock was staying in the same home in the woods where Long Island National Park is located. Long Island zoo has its own python, named Endeavour, that can wreak havoc on endangered reptiles. The initial sighting came Tuesday, when Isac "Frankie" K. had escaped from his pen during an evening zoo shoot. In the morning, Long Island Zoo looked for him. Finally, around 3 p.m. on Wednesday, they found him. He was all right, they said. The animals were taken in by animal control, while the zoo staffers worked to get more security to its animals, and short-term plans were being made to relocate them to an indoor park. They told CNN affiliate WABC they would provide a TV crew to the New York City Zoo on Wednesday afternoon to complete the job. "Frankie is almost completely fine," zoo spokeswoman Rachel Roth told WABC. But the center received a call from another zoo shortly after 8 a.m. that the peacock -- likely 17 -- had wandered away. "When the cage door opened, it scared the life out of him," said Rhoads. Animals are trapped in cages in Central Park by loud noises because of a construction zone, which is impossible to escape. Animals need to be able to breathe, and, apparently, get in through flaps, which are somewhat thick, to get away from a large building. "When you pass through that narrow corridor, you have to be very, very careful," she said. "Right now, the peacock is very anxious to get to a suitable home." A zoo spokeswoman said they will notify zoo staff members in Long Island if the peacock does not return. Officials believe the 6-year-old will soon be released. "We are just thrilled to have him back," Roth said. The zoo is asking that the public not hold its breath and not try to seize the peacock. "We're fully cooperating with the authorities in this investigation. Please give our animals whatever they need," Roth told WABC. The peacock was described as 4 feet tall and 140 pounds with brown under-eye patches. CNN's Michelle Crocker contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Baseball-size hail pelted parts of Nebraska Tuesday as severe thunderstorms swept through the region.|||A micro-hail alert was issued by the National Weather Service early Tuesday in southern Nebraska, close to both Omaha and Grand Island. Large hail was reported in Sun Valley and another front made its way south on Interstate 90 in as far south as Erie, Pennsylvania. Hurts were also reported in Michigan, Idaho, Washington and Illinois. In New York, another pair of severe thunderstorms veered west with 75-mph winds. Tornadoes were also recorded in Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. Other cities in Ohio, Alabama and Illinois may also be affected, the weather service said. "Severe thunderstorms and possible tornadoes have touched down along and east of I-90," the NWS said. Abington, Nebraska, was hit twice by the storm. Nebraskans were also impacted by lightning and heavy rains early Tuesday. Miamisburg experienced about 50-mph winds early Tuesday, where the damage was significant, according to the weather service. Death threats rose more than 20 mph between Omaha and Grand Island, the weather service said. When thunderstorms strike urban areas, many large hail storms are more likely to occur, according to the weather service. North of Omaha, which serves Omaha, 13 schools were closed Tuesday afternoon for a tornado watch. The National Weather Service office in Detroit said 70-mph thunderstorms are expected Tuesday night, in addition to tornadoes. "I've never seen so much rain in the past at the same time," said Clarence Williams, chief weather service forecaster for the Nebraska Department of Natural Resources. Thousands of people are stranded or temporarily displaced because of tornadoes, the weather service said. Authorities also canceled school activities in northeast Nebraska and some scattered cancellations across the state for Wednesday. Cities in Arizona, Missouri, Oklahoma, Arkansas, South Dakota, Texas, and Utah were under tornado watches and warnings Tuesday, officials said. Southwest Ohio is in a tornado watch but there are no tornado watches out for it. Lake Superior was closed to all travel Tuesday morning, especially east of Chicago. Flood warnings were in effect for parts of Mississippi. "The cause is lightning," said Region 1 Regional Chief Meteorologist Scott Kooning. Mudslides also affected most parts of southern Nebraska, Kooning said. Richland was struck with power lines. Storm-tarnished cars crashed into houses in Harrison County and Cedar Rapids on Tuesday, the weather service said. People and businesses on both sides of the interstate in the Omaha area were cut off and packed with cars. Holes in roof were reported in unoccupied cars and some minor damage was reported in Flint, Michigan. Meteorologist Jacqui Hudson said the storms led to highway closures and public safety alerts. Hampered efforts in Oakland, New York, to evacuate people caught in the area, she said, were hampered by rain. Mobile phone service and cell phone service were impacted in parts of the storm, she said. In Detroit, meteorologist Brad Bruce said strong winds and hail hurt motorists. "There has been an increase in calls for stranded cars," he said, as the storm moved eastward to New York.In Missouri, rare storms brought severe thunderstorms to metro Detroit. There were no major injuries reported, but emergency crews were forced to evacuate about 150 people when thunderstorms suddenly moved through the area. News crews had to evacuate people and begin evacuations.
London (CNN) -- Rights groups have slammed a lunch hosted by Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Friday for including monarchs criticized for their countries' human rights records.|||Heress of the former British prime minister Gordon Brown was the keynote speaker at the lunch. An invitation to the Queen came the same day that Dick Cheney was president of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) chairman and former CIA chief, Stanley McChrystal. U.S. President Barack Obama attended the dinner, where Benedict XVI hosted, and Nigeria's Fidel Castro attended with his wife, Ramona, according to the U.S. State Department. Other attendees include Benjamin Netanyahu, whose government is accused of oppressing Palestinians, and Pakistani President Ramazan al-Sharif, whose party is accused of killing protesters in Egypt last month. "I will meet Benazir Bhutto and Bob Geldof, who are bad public servants and I respect their courage," Queen Elizabeth II said in a statement. "I have met the president of China, who has condemned such behavior by his regime and is currently in the process of normalizing relations." As well, the queen met with the five leaders of Uganda, Haiti, Nigeria, and Sudan. Canadian Prime Minister John Kerry joined the lunch's guests, and Bangladesh's President Moammar Gadhafi also spoke to the women's delegation. "I have met Ahmed al-Hussein and Gen. Chen Li of Chad, and believe in the universal right to equal rights," the prime minister said at a news conference outside the court in London. "The very fact that both Dr. Ahmad al-Hussein and Gen. Chen have just committed murder in different countries of the world tells you a great deal about the International Community." Demonstrators in front of the crowd as the queen is greeted by members of the opposition and to dignitaries. These demonstrations were called for by the Global Coalition Against Robberies, a collection of more than 40 human rights groups. Rights groups and government officials, human rights campaigners and academics slammed the move. The attacks came after Britain granted a European Union budget for security in Sudan and Somalia on Monday that was widely criticized for alleged support for torture, assassinations and torture.
Washington (CNN) -- A computer hacker responsible for creating and operating a massive scam that infected as many as 12 million computers worldwide has been identified and arrested, authorities said Wednesday.|||Stew is gone, but his cyber-manipulation effort could yet have a life. In a statement, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder confirmed that one of the suspected hacker's aliases was Wayne. "Wayne is connected to other cyber-intercepts." The FBI said on its Web site that they have identified one of the hackers, an operator who used the alias "506620," which is likely his real name. He is being held in Atlanta, Georgia, said Nicholas Arias, FBI special agent in charge of the Atlanta area. The agencies named Ryan S. Espinosa, 30, as the lead investigator on the case, according to the statement.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Two-year-old Tangena Hussain vanished three months ago in the Detroit suburb of Hamtramck, Michigan, and police say the trail has gone cold.|||Authorities say some people they've talked to on the phone have got nowhere with Tangena Hussain, who vanished March 1. Police are exploring all possibilities. Dozens of tips came in from across the United States and Canada. According to Hamtramck police, people have said they were told the 10-year-old is in New York and tried to figure out where Tangena was last seen in a stairwell at her aunt's house in New York City, according to the New York Daily News. NYPD homicide detectives were at the home. "There's been very much speculation," one person there told the newspaper, who declined to be identified. Investigators are reviewing some evidence they have at the house and also on other sites, Hamtramck police said. "It's not a short period of time," Sgt. Jerry Charlebois told the newspaper. Although it has come up repeatedly with nowhere near Ms. Hussain, a search has not yielded any leads in her disappearance. Her family had spent $500,000 in the days and weeks since the day she was last seen by her aunt and other relatives. Investigators hope that someone will give information about Tangena, the second of Hussain's parents. Engagers in local communities around New York City and elsewhere continue to push the case, said George L. Thomas, Director of the New York Metropolitan Police Department. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg issued a statement saying, "I find it impossible to believe anyone has finally followed the lead to find this young girl and succeed in finding her." Google Earth video and images about Tangena are now available on YouTube and Facebook. Tangena was last seen last seen in New York City's Central Park, 8 a.m. March 1. To see the largest daily crowds in history, click here. This page was created by MNA.
Tokyo (CNN) -- A Japanese helicopter plucked the pilot of a U.S. fighter jet from the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday after an unspecified problem forced him to eject in mid-flight.|||Japanian air defense has expressed its condolences to the U.S. command at a Japanese air defense base in Pahwonichi, Sasebo. Several flights of the North American fighter aircraft went missing in Japan after a cockpit malfunction. The main U.S. Atlantic Fleet was to remain on the ground after engineers were unable to start an emergency landing system aboard the F-35 joint fighter jet. About 600 F-35 fighters were scheduled to carry out missions in Japan Thursday, along with U.S. Army and other international forces, the Pentagon said. A C-130J transport plane was to deploy later today, and more planes would follow shortly afterward, officials said. The F-35 fighter jet on Tuesday experienced a problem during a takeoff, crashed on a Japanese coast, and lost contact. After spotting the pilot on the ground, an antenna was "sullied" in an intense search and rescue operation. Rescue aircraft were dispatched, and the F-35 crashed into the sea. The pilot ejected a parachute. All those on board the jet were able to evacuate safely. The pilot received minor injuries, and flight was halted when water level got too high, the Defense Ministry said. The USAF also searched the area for the pilot of the U.S. fighter jet that disappeared. The jet and the pilot were the only ones aboard at the time. Officials questioned whether the F-35 took off before the cockpit malfunction took place. Japanese fire department Chief Toshiro Muto told reporters Wednesday that the jet was about four miles southwest of the base in Iwakuni. Prime Minister Naoto Kan said the pilot "needs medics" to evaluate the wreckage. An official confirmed he was not injured. Captain William "Bill" David, a U.S. air defense pilot, led a rescue operation in Pahwonichi after the pilot was taken to hospital. The cockpit landing system was turned back after he ejected. "The airplane has now been scrubbed," Gotoichi Heisei, deputy emergency agency chief, told CNN. The investigation of the incident is under way, but officials are concerned that more accidents could occur. The U.S. military and the Royal Japanese Air Force were not aware that the fighter plane was in distress, the Japanese Defense Ministry said. Shin Takahashi, deputy Japan's civil aviation minister, told a news conference at the Air Force Base. "The pilots should be taken immediately to the appropriate facilities for appropriate treatment." The pilot will be examined and treated in the next few days, Takahashi said. The incident occurred during a deployment to Afghanistan, the defense ministry said. The aircraft was given a seven-month upgrade last September. The jet's U.S. service is numbered as the 24th-generation fighter jet. CNN's Mickie Arce contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Time to make some popcorn, light a few candles and fire up the flatscreen -- to celebrate National Kissing Day on July 6, travel website Travelzoo has released a list of the world's top 10 romantic movie locations.|||"Europe has remained steadfast in its refusal to acknowledge the significance of the holiday, deeming it a fallen mark, with both Wim Wenders and Paula Abdul fighting to get an Internet stammering, in Hüsseulen in Germany. A must-see for lovers, Miley Cyrus will bow down and plant a kiss on the lips of Patrick Stollery, singer, actor and director of the 1999 Oscar-nominated hit movie, "In the Heights." Although the U.S. and Canada were two of the top sites on the list, Indonesia made the cut in its ranking based on both votes from wedding planners and the survey of 100,000 people who got in touch to request a list. Surprisingly, Cambodia made the list as well. High hopes are placed in China, with both Pyongyang and Kuala Lumpur making the top 10. The Philippines has been named the top spot for guesthouses and guesthouses. Italy has fallen outside the top 10 due to its largest corporate summit in 2006 and pressure in 2008 and the lack of overnight lodging, according to the list. In the United States, the top spot belongs to New York. "The performances in this first big movie, 'Apollo 13' -- a romantic comedy directed by David Sedaris in 1981, was nominated for eight Academy Awards, but took last place for the 1996 Best Picture award for 'The Hurt Locker' -- were only partially justified given the movie's imperfect cast and ugly costumes. The film deserved its enormous success in 1951, but did not earn Oscars the following year, well before it took to the big screen.
(CNN) -- Western Sydney Wanderers became the first Australian club to win the Asian Champions League after a goalless draw away to Saudi Arabia's Al Hilal ensured a closely fought 1-0 aggregate victory in the tournament final Saturday.|||However underdogs Western Sydney Wanderers have claimed a first Asian Champions League football crown on the brink of defeat following their 1-0 home win in the first leg of their semifinal against Saudi side Al Hilal. The Wanderers' victory is only their second in more than two years, but nothing was taking any of the geeks at Singapore's home ground. Goals from Mirko Cilenica (60') and Alan Nyanga (78') in a dramatic game ensured the A-League club ended the club's 90-year exile from the European stage. However, Alan Hansen's side were made to work hard to make the English Premier League title safe again as they won their first-ever AFC Champions League trophy. Rosenborg won the Asia Cup title last year, beating Spanish giants Real Madrid in 2010. . Singapore are the first Asian team to win the club crown after beating club champions New York Red Bulls 2-1 in 2004. The A-League winners are winless since 2005, having lost five of their first six finals and come second to Salah's Millwall in 2006. Meanwhile, Iranian club Al Hilal is also in the hunt for their first club football title, having enjoyed a season spent as runners-up in 2006.
New York (CNN) -- Trinidad native Kareem Ibrahim was convicted Thursday of conspiring to detonate fuel tanks and a fuel pipeline at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, according to a statement from the U.S. Eastern District Court of New York.|||K's lawyers earlier Thursday announced his conviction. Ibrahim, who was traveling back from Trinidad, will serve the full sentence, pending a appeals process. A U.S. magistrate judge sentenced Ibrahim in September to six years in prison. Ibrahim is appealing the conviction. While awaiting sentencing, Ibrahim had planned the attempted bombings at JFK, but postponed the move as the investigation unfolded. A contraband device found on an Alleged Energy Pipeline "proved key in his plans to derail the pipeline and replace it with a firecracker," according to the indictment, unsealed July 14. The insider threat to the pipeline, the Defense Department said, is believed to have been planned in 2006. An anonymous bombing plot was launched in October 2008 by the masked group, also calling itself the Brotherhood of Institutionalized Terrorists. The group is well known as an extremist, and it has killed hundreds in terrorist attacks against airports and government buildings across the United States and has been linked to the September bomb plot. Ibrahim was charged with conspiracy, helping lead the plot and threatening commerce by creating false narratives, the indictment stated. Police raided Ibrahim's apartment as he left the courthouse on July 16. His family has not been located. He is undergoing deportation proceedings. CNN's Mike Jordison contributed to this report.
(CNN)Pope Francis has stirred up a hornet's nest with remarks in which he said it's OK for parents to spank children, so long as they do it with dignity.|||Pope Francis now faces backlash for remarks he made Friday, in the area of control areas that are far from ideal after church officials limited the Vatican's ability to consult with communities this week, following a search of the Internet. Pope Francis, in a heart-felt diatribe for the Anima e Comune newspaper, wrote: "The decisions I made were based upon respect for our lives and those of others." For those not familiar with how the church treats children's control, Francis' comments will be a contrast to similar comments made by conservatives who often accuse their children of spaying and abusing their parents. The phrase used during the discussion of rules of conduct for disciplining children, when described in a previous context, was translated from the Greek from Greek and Latin into English as "the right kind of exercise," meaning the application of discipline, which the Church believes is dignified. Ironically, it is used to describe corporal punishment by using different terms. Among the responses, the Rev. Paolo Corcoran said "Children and parents should not be allowed to know that the appropriate way is to discipline children." Pope Francis has angered a growing population by stating that he cannot "in any way condemn the use of corporal punishment" because his church believes that it is protected as a vital way of showing love and respect. Some have countered that the pope can't possibly mean it is OK to spank children.
(CNN) -- Authorities warned of high temperatures and strong winds Sunday as hundreds of firefighters battle a northern Colorado blaze that has destroyed almost 200 homes.|||A has burned the Conifer City neighborhood of about 2,500 people in the town, which is about 80 miles east of Denver, Colorado's North County Fire District said. The blaze began Saturday evening with about two-thirds of the homes in the 44-square-mile area destroyed by intense winds, with at least 50 people reportedly injured in the fire. Authorities began evacuations Saturday night, saying that very few homes in the 400-home neighborhood were intact. The cause of the fire is under investigation, but investigators said it appeared to be a human-caused blaze in the high winds. The fire has destroyed more than 2,500 acres, forcing most residents to go to other shelters. Weather forecasters foresaw more significant changes to the fire as winds picked up Sunday. The National Weather Service has issued a high fire danger watch in the area for the foreseeable future. "Extreme wind and low humidity are the biggest threats in northern Colorado, north of Denver," Weather Prediction Center meteorologist Mike Russo told CNN. "We are seeing gusty winds, up to 50 mph at times, and 75 percent visibility." National Forest Service spokesman Chris Snyder told CNN affiliate KUSA the blaze was "well out of control." An eyewitness said the flames "had climbed to pointy areas" and broke at the edge of the homes in the neighborhood of Conifer. The evacuation order was lifted Sunday afternoon because of strong winds, but officials said the town has another 6,000 people in evacuation zones Sunday and Monday, with about 1,500 being pushed by the fire. Authorities have issued evacuation advisories for the larger portion of the city that has not been impacted yet, mainly because of the area's out of control fire risk. Dozens of fire personnel were working at the scene of the fire, according to State Fire Chief Doug Blickenstaff. Smoke billowed from the area, and a number of homes -- including an elementary school -- burned in nearby Atchison and Coosa counties. The Fire Department of Jefferson County said it wasn't clear how many homes remain threatened. No injuries have been reported.
(CNN) -- Residents are still dealing with the aftermath of Irene -- a massive storm that pummeled the East Coast.|||Moreines. The beach was closed at Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, although the Jersey Shore village of Strathmore stayed open until about 2 a.m. Sunday. Some hotels did close as the storm moved inland. Motorists were warned of flooding and dangerous conditions at Sea-Tac Airport, while others reported flooded roads. Pedestrians were being urged to remain on the sidewalks. Amateur radio navigators posted to Twitter. Mississippi Bay. Seven people died from the storm, said Bil Dixon, deputy director of coastal affairs for the Mississippi River Delta Regional Emergency Management Agency.
(CNN) -- Before women gained the right to vote in 1920, Besse Cooper joined the suffrage movement.|||The Vote? Let's not lose sight of the gift. More than 60,000 people lived in the Russian Empire during communism and the Soviet Union's collapse. No women ever received the vote. But those who were registered weren't alone.
(CNN) -- Los Angeles police have launched an internal investigation to determine who leaked a picture that appears to show a bruised and battered Rihanna.|||In website, police in Los Angeles and the singer Rihanna's rep said a spokeswoman for the artist and her team would not be answering questions about her apparent bruises, makeup and other injuries. "We are cooperating fully with the LAPD's internal investigation because the information," Rihanna spokeswoman Loni Love told CNN. Police sources with the leak have declined to offer comment. It was not immediately known who leaked the image. The user posted the picture on her social media account and subsequently shared it on TMZ, which links to the magazine's story. The post said: "Rumor is flying: Rihanna going missing in LA." Related: Rihanna's day on red carpet: UCLA to hold U.S. music festival. U.S. Airways CEO apologizes for sending white executives; Xanax replacement program to next class. At the concert, Rihanna appeared shaken, troubled and defensive, saying she was overcome with emotion. He told TMZ, "He was acting with particular resolve, and he needed to show me. And that he put himself on the line. He came into my life really strong that day."
Los Angeles (CNN) -- "Barefoot Bandit" Colton Harris-Moore has sold the movie rights to his life story to 20th Century Fox, a studio spokesman said Thursday.|||Thebandit. Even though he turned 23 just last week, the famous man behind "The Naked Bandit" may yet make it to the big screen after all. Harris-Moore will direct "The Naked Bandit: Records of the Bandit" starring and starring Ellen Page, Keanu Reeves and Vin Diesel. Johnson Beach National Forest, Los Angeles. And the point man for "The Bandit: Tours of Hell" -- who might stop at locations ranging from the cemetery near his childhood home in Lycoming, Washington, to Hawaii and China, the teen says he's done it all. He made millions with his music career. He sold his autograph in 1999 to In-N-Out Burger, and a little over a year later signed a $60 million book deal with Sunset Boulevard for 10 years and royalties. He shot most of his hits in the 1970s and 1980s before committing to "The Naked Bandit" in 2002. He was arrested for an earlier drug ring and spent 12 months in prison. He made it back to Los Angeles in 2004 for one movie. He starred in "Rich Kids Don't Cry: 2011," playing a soldier in a mountain top ambush. Five years ago, his song, "No Shoes but Mine," was featured on MTV's "Mad Men," and Harris-Moore told MTV that he used the song as an inspiration for his acting. "I wanted to make history. I wanted to show the world that kids can do anything," he said. He joined his aunt's company, DreamWorks Kids, which created The Naked Bandit to direct a series about the musician. "I wanted to make my story bigger and I wanted to make it more important. I wanted it about the music, because I love the rock 'n' roll," Harris-Moore told MTV. Jones said "The Naked Bandit" sells for $500,000 and "he deals really fast." Johnson Beach National Forest makes more than $750,000 a day from hosting events at its off-campus camping camp in San Diego, Wailing Hills. Cohen Greene, publisher of Songwriter: Book of the Day, wrote an essay for a Today show book club feature about the book, "The Naked Bandit," published by Random House magazine in 2005. Nineteen years later, the book was reissued by Random House. You can still buy and rent it at Random House.com through Monday, August 13.
(CNN) -- Oklahoma health officials said Friday they are searching for the source of a rare form of E. coli that has killed one person and sickened 116 others in the northeastern part of the state.|||TheAccording to the center for Disease Control, severe stools have appeared in people age 10 to 74, possibly caused by ground contact with containers contaminated with E. coli O157:H7. Those that fell ill had diarrhea, but there was no indication that diarrhea-related issues were part of the outbreak that started around October 31. Health officials believe the outbreak is linked to a tainted meat product, but it's not clear what the tainted meat was. The patient had diarrhea 10 days before he became sick, said Dr. Vince Wade. That patient was admitted to the hospital where he lived, Dr. Wade said. "The department's primary focus has been on the transmission of the infection and some problems with the abscesses in the people who were sickened," he said. Walton said Thursday the three people who fell ill were hospitalized. The food was bought locally in Abilene and Cobsdale but they were unable to get to it. "We're just trying to get people to throw up and stay home," he said. "We have found the source and any others that might be implicated." Wade said the FDA is working with local health officials to prevent the spread of infections in the state and throughout the country. The outbreak began October 31 in Bedford, Okla., when food spilled out into Kansas after cooking sirloin slabs into hot dogs. FDA said at the time that at least seven people contracted the bacteria. That outbreak is the first in the United States to have a single case of E. coli. The WHO issues a bacteriological and bacteriologic advisory on food safety. Environmental and animal health officials have been battling the growth of E. coli in the toilets of homes and businesses across the northeast United States. To date, the strain is mainly a contaminant, not an organism. It can cause gastroenteritis. Usually, E. coli is not fatal, but this strain can cause intestinal and skin infections, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. VanOosthuizen said some complications might arise from illnesses that cause longer-term inflammation in arteries. E. coli H7 is considered a type of watery diarrhea in people who are already ill. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Oklahoma Department of Health have issued strict warning about E. coli because of the risk that it can cause diarrhea or kidney problems. Physicians of all ages are advised to take personal precautions. Experts with the CDC say the sick people should try to avoid contact with products tainted with E. coli O157:H7, particularly those containing contaminated eggs and foods, Dr. Wade said. In a statement, the CDC said individuals can receive 24 hours' antibiotics to combat the illness.
(CNN) -- After three days of horrifying images from Kiev, February 21 brought tentative good news from the Ukrainian capital. President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Oleh Tyahnybok and Arseniy Yatsenyuk concluded an agreement on a political settlement. If it holds, it offers Ukrainians a peaceful path out of the crisis that has gripped their country for the past three months.|||Older vote agreement for Yanukovych government appears to be on the verge of taking effect. President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Oleh Tyahnybok and Arseniy Yatsenyuk have agreed on a "federalization deal." The potential for President Yanukovych to become head of a transitional government may be on the horizon: A peace deal with Europe, the United States and much of Asia would place him in charge of two countries. Yanukovych was sworn in Wednesday, and reports out of Kiev indicated that he was not in the delegation. Tsar Viktor Yatsenyuk is the acting president; there are reports that new elections could happen in March. That may depend on support for a peace treaty: Past opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk must clear it. If it holds, it offers Ukrainians a peaceful path out of the crisis that has gripped their country for the past three months. On Sunday, though, Ukraine's parliament sent an emergency emergency ordinance, outlawing military rule and independent election, to all legislators in Russia. Opposition leaders dropped a plan to get the vote on a vote in November. Opinion: Ukrainians abandon revolution. Yatsenyuk may continue. Volker Kovalchuk is anti-Russian and right-wing opposition leader. But he's been accused of being pro-Russian. If Kovalchuk wants to get elected, he needs Ukraine's vote to become his. And that vote may take place in two years. The resulting initiative will provide Yanukovych a third term. Kovalchuk has already said that, with an election in 2022, he could be president for life. He may now again hold such a role; the agreement may be resurrected with the help of the world's largest turnout of women in 2008. Opinion: Good news for Ukraine in a year of turmoil. If, during this referendum, Yatsenyuk had fought out elections for president, the nation's upcoming president would still be facing a conviction, a formal vote or mass arrest. Opinion: If December 8:riots occur in Ukraine, solution may be impossible. Opinion: Ukraine in 6 months. Opinion: The bloody aftermath of the coup. This weekend Ukraine saw bloodshed and death. Opinion: Two leaders from Kiev officially accuse Yanukovych of military violence. Opinion: An open victory for Yanukovych. Opinion: The worst of Yanukovych's country. Opinion: A new Ukrainian democracy is possible. Opinion: Who will rule the country. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carol Meeks.
(CNN) -- Holding up a coca leaf at a U.N. meeting on narcotics Monday, Bolivian President Evo Morales defended the practice of chewing on the leaves as tradition and urged the body to reconsider its decision to declare it illegal.|||While the council has voted to ban coca leaf chewing, the president of Bolivia asked the U.N. drug agency to reconsider its decision. Bolivia joined Colombia, Bolivia, Ecuador and Peru in saying that the prohibition of coca leaf chewing is arbitrary. Monday was a World Health Organization meeting in New York. At the start of the meeting, a Bolivia representative said that coca leaf chewing is illegal in his nation. He was referring to the committee's decision in its October 28 decision, unanimously passed by the U.N. General Assembly. It sent 10 nations to the meeting, six of which wanted to withdraw from the meeting. Bolivia also pushed the council to give its statement this month. The council and the United States have said they cannot support the ban because of political implications. Bolivia condemned the ICC ruling, but has said that the move is anti-drug. "This Congress intends to legalize food products to defend ourselves," Morales said. "When the final death sentence comes, I will get to a kitchen to eat for the first time with the utmost happiness." Bolivia is the second country on the list, after Ecuador, which is the second, after the United States. Fears that coca leaf chewing will be given up because of increased testing in the United States and Australia for narcotics have led to legal action, though many states still refuse to accept coca leaf chewing for medical reasons. State-run Bolivian Minister of Health Ricardo Reclus has condemned the regulation, and one lawmaker said this week that "it would be taboo" for him to eat leaves. In a statement, Morales urged a "humanitarian and scientific" approach to banning the practice, calling it a "national burden." He praised Colombian President Alvaro Uribe, who in 2003 became the first Latin American president to announce a ban on coca leaf chewing. The Senate ended the ban in February, saying that it had been "already observed and protected." There has been a growing use of coca leaves in the west of the country. Bolivia has supported a pilot program in the region. Bolivia's responsibility for coca and other natural resources has been limited by mountainous terrain. Bakers' Diseases The cocaine cartels are not the only groups involved in widespread coca chewing in Bolivia.
(CNN) -- The London-based leader of one of Pakistan's most powerful regional parties was arrested at his home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe, officials of his party said.|||The publication noted that Pakistan's largest ruling party party chief is a British citizen and that his brother is half Pakistani. Ahmad Shah Geelani is scheduled to appear in a London court on Tuesday on charges of terror financing. Ehsan Ilyas said both brothers were flight risks when they went to Pakistan in April to attend a conference of Pakistan's main Islamist parties. His sister has said her brother, Jamie Shahid, of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, is "the calm and calm ahead of him," the statement said. The party's arrest comes as the country faces economic woes because of widespread corruption. The government and the government-appointed special prosecutor said in a report last week that the investigation is headed by British law enforcement officials. The special prosecutor identified Behnam Malik, an outspoken critic of U.S. President Barack Obama, as an informant. The suspect will be charged with two counts of money laundering and two counts of fraud. Ayaz Zafar, chairman of the central committee of opposition Tehreek-e-Insaf, confirmed to CNN on Monday that the party chief was behind the $600,000 in the indictment. Asked why that statement, he said: "For the family of the victims of human rights abuses. That was their concern." He said Malik and his family would cooperate with the investigation. Earlier, Malik was expected to face six additional charges for allegedly possessing explosives, CNN's Ishaq Brar said. About 300 Pakistani police searched the residence where he was initially arrested on suspicion of possessing explosives. Lawyers from the Prime Minister's Office and a law firm, noted that in July, Ali Junaid and two others were arrested on charges related to nuclear testing. Law enforcement officials also seized bags of jewels from Malik's residence in the capital, Islamabad, as part of their investigation into money laundering. Ghulam Abbas Zia, leader of another opposition party, told reporters that Malik became engaged in the illegal arms trade. He said that Malik and Zia conspired with the Zia to fix a contract at an Israeli arms company and other demands from the company. "We have always said that, when the United Kingdom started its International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Authority, they suggested the bad people should be jailed," said Zia. Mohsin Ahmed, the spokesman for the Prime Minister's office in Islamabad, did not disclose what basis the allegations have been made. Mohsin Ahmed said Malik's family blamed the move on a change in the Pakistan government.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Shada's back aches more and more each day as she literally bears her family's burden. Clothed in a black robe, she strains under her husband's weight.|||This injury, which appears to be connected with a recent suicide bombing at an excavating site in southern Iraq, has left Shada Akrami in almost complete paralysis. Her husband's body is now in a medically induced state of paralysis, but he is still alive. CNN's Mohammed Mughni said Shada has to drink and move to ward off other areas that could trigger another attack. "The environment in this area has changed, and the people can say there was retaliation against the Baathists," he said. She is covered in scarlet lipstick on her left arm, while her husband's neck is covered with a diamond necklace. He has been in a medically induced coma since April 9 after a car bomb killed his son. Some of the trauma in Shada's home has gone through other people, too, including her husband's brother, and the family lives in constant fear, Mughni said. There were no casualty reports after the bombing, he said, so their safety isn't dependent on the security forces. "This attack shows the proper efforts and importance of building strong families for future generations, but no more," he said. "This is absolutely not the time for this problem." Shada is about 30 years old, and carries about a 2-ton baby to a remote rice paddie -- an arbor of just 300 square feet. Shada's oldest child is 3. Without food or medicine, Shada cannot stay in the household. "It's so frustrating," she says, pointing to her husband's lack of nutrition. "It's impossible for me, with the baby growing every day," she says.
(CNN) -- Guinea international Lass Bangoura pulled out of a key African Cup of Nations match against Ghana Saturday because his club teammates were worried he could contract Ebola.|||"His club Caite Pérus Lece soccer team and the CAF were of concern. Casablanca FC coach Georges Bacca told reporters Monday that Bangoura, the team's 30-year-old leading scorer and a founder of a new club, had been instructed not to play. He also said that the team was concerned that "it may affect our chances in the tournament ahead." Bangoura, who said he hadn't been sick, had traveled to New York to see doctors. But Monday's incident is not the first time West African head of state has declined to allow his son to play internationally for his country. The family of the Leicester City star reportedly complained to FIFA about the lack of safety during a recent African Cup of Nations qualifier against Ivory Coast. Senegalese striker Victor Moses said in a statement that he had told Ebola coordinator Roberto Bravo to help stop its spread. Dr. Vincent Lezengezhou told CNN that "Immediately, the Ministry of Health would send a team doctor to Morocco and to touch base with the President." Cameroon and Guinea visit Guinea on Wednesday to focus on their tournament preparation. Earlier this month, Guinea Football Association (GPFA) chief Binita Bori said she had informed the minister of Liberia that she was refusing to send Bangoura to the game against Ghana. Two weeks ago Guinea recruited midfielder Djibril Sidibe from Club Brugge and he was planning to take charge for Guinea's national team. But, last Sunday he pulled out of the national team for the first time, saying there was "no cure for the disease." Guinea football has seen its Ebola season rage on, with deaths climbing to around 100. It's the highest number of cases ever in a country. Guinea went through seven matches without a win this year. Assured they would qualify for the finals, Ghana will play against Guinea on Saturday in Libreville. Both teams will be guaranteed automatic qualification from Africa's sub-continental regional qualifiers for this year's finals, which begin on March 3. Iraq has already been awarded the tournament. The team then hosts Liberia for the next four matches in another round of qualifiers -- the main games follow on April 1. The tension has continued over Libya, which fought the fight against Ebola during the 1990s. Rebels continued to protest the violence in the north of the country, with protests at the airport, churches and schools across the country. "Liberia is afraid," one man on the pick of protesters, Djibouti Jama Mohammed, told CNN. "From what we have seen in Gabon, the borders have been opened. We fear by the government to be worse. I don't know what people are afraid of, but we are afraid to move forward."
(CNN) -- Despite its xenophobic, anti-immigration campaign tactics, Switzerland's far-right Swiss People's Party, which took the largest share of votes four years ago in Swiss modern history, suffered losses in Sunday's parliamentary vote as voters chose more moderate parties over polarizing candidates.|||TheI wrote last month that it was the most likely outcome of the May 22 congressional elections in Switzerland if there had not been a runoff or a party poll. On the bright side, the pro-immigration Green Party won. Despite all the high-profile celebrity complaints the anti-immigration party received during the course of the campaign, which was dominated by a failed quest to deny asylum seekers entry into the largely Christian-majority nation, the Green Party claims victory in the general election, too. Party of Europe (Green) presidential candidate Gregor Gifford has since promised a new election and has worked to craft a coalition between the two parties and the Freedom and Justice parties. "Every bit of the right-wing rhetoric and extremism that some of the new government under President Alain Berset used cannot come close to being politically acceptable to the Swiss people," Roberto Cortina, Green party's party co-leader, said in a statement Monday night. "The signs today should be the contrast between the parties' recent policies toward immigration and from the errors of the last elections." Change was not complete, says Greens secretary general Andrea Nahles. Gifford, who visited the Potsdam, the German capital, on Sunday, told CNN he's 'extremely disappointed in the outcome' and was likely to seek to improve it. "So many of the parties that support our positions, for example, they won a motion in Congress for state parity. Once again I need to break with the past and say: We have to fight this." And this time, about refugee resettlement. This was a major problem for conservatives on the march in Germany, where some fear possible terrorist attacks in coming months after a large number of asylum seekers entered the country on Sunday from central European nations. Opinion surveys suggest that the perception of the election could be mutual. And the message was consistent, with experts saying that conservative hardliners would benefit from a big-ticket defeat. After all, Bern's population is almost five times what it was at the end of 2007, when the then-largest party, Switzerland's People's Party, was defeated by the tiny Centre-Right. Most of the candidates were from groups which initially gained more than 20% of the vote, but then sank to 4.2%. With the ballot counting at the close, it appeared that the conservative party may have been able to deliver some relief to some of its voters. Opinion polls, however, suggested that many voters were disappointed that they could not be trusted to do their part to create a more representative government. European parliament President Horst Seehofer made it clear on Monday he regretted not coordinating an early runoff. "I want to make sure that the election is one in which people could continue to express themselves and make their decisions," he said. The phrase "tooth and nail" means "taking chances." However, the border that could bring refugees into Switzerland is close and in the past hard to push out, the country's Red Cross warns. The United States House of Representatives passed a new immigration reform law in January, which expands the definition of asylum to people from countries in the northern hemisphere, in addition to the nations most affected by environmental concerns, Iraq and Afghanistan. Foreign and regional governments are concerned about fears of increased taxes and migrants. The European Union is also investigating new measures aimed at curbing illegal immigration, due in large part to a 2012 European Union directive. Another issue voters will examine on Friday is the use of force by the Swiss government to open port facilities to refugees to deport them. "People are tired of being treated as criminals," says Swiss Interior Minister Peter Altmaier. "They want to show that they are nation-builders by defending their values and freedoms."
(CNN) -- Coast Guard and Air National Guard crews spent a second day in search of four sailors from a yacht that ran aground off San Francisco over the weekend, the services said Sunday.|||The cockpit threw their hatch light back into action when they stepped off the ladders to check the water, the Coast Guard said. The members -- all from Baja California, two in sub-Saharan Africa and one in Tahiti -- were found unharmed Sunday morning. The two in Tahiti had been heading to Port Angeles in San Francisco, the service said. The Coast Guard chief noted that a stranger entered the vessel with the search to help the crew of the 14-year-old USS John S. McCain after watching it drop out of the water early Saturday. The guy stayed put. The Coast Guard said no other injuries were reported during the rescue. That ship's 17 feet (5 meters) clearance was not affected during the search. The Coast Guard, California Department of Transportation and Montgomery County Sheriff's Office sent boats Sunday evening. "Our message is to remain vigilant in searching for sailors who run aground and found it difficult to locate them," Captain Chris Bryan said. Three of the sailors were treated Saturday on scene. The other three had not been taken for treatment as they were not carrying anyone else, according to the Coast Guard. One man in the yacht was found unharmed after being treated for a head injury early Sunday morning, the Coast Guard said. The man from Seattle is a merchant marine observer for the Coast Guard. He took a stab at the decision to save the crew when he witnessed them manhandle the the 18-foot yacht, the service said. Bryan said the men brought out a life vests to try to mask the sailor's distinctive smell. "He was very eager to make the public believe that he was a brave man. No one wants to see a guy tied up in their boat and bleeding to death," he said. "It's really distressing that that happened." Forty-one people were rescued from the capsized vessel Sunday night and 14 were in critical condition at the San Francisco Bay, according to the U.S. Coast Guard. The three men were being treated at San Francisco General Hospital, the Coast Guard said. They left the plane on a California-bound flight to Port Angeles, the Coast Guard said in a statement. There was no immediate word on Sunday on whether their conditions had improved. CNN's Glenn Coren and Dan Decker contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Last April, images of Kurdish men dressed in drag started making the rounds on Facebook.|||K maintain it has refused to make any money from the creation of the profile. "It is completely ridiculous," the creator, Negah Geran, said on his group's blog. The collection of online pictures shows former Turkey President Karim Esmaili wearing hair extensions that have been dyed in red, purple and blue. "There are no pics of Turks going into drag," the creator said. Nor would be seen in any media. "This story is so fabricated. ... All the men who are in this profile are asking for the money. They are thinking all about dollar signs. "They don't know, they are not as straightforward as we think," he said. E-mail to a friend.
West, Texas (CNN) -- Walls warped or blown off entirely, even ones made of brick. Roofs sunken in, if they are still visible at all. Garage doors lying in yards.|||Phot and George, who was 12 at the time, said the northeast wind overpass caused more than $1 billion in damage -- including $4 billion worth of homes on his block, the latest of which were destroyed. "We destroyed one of the largest banks of my childhood. I've had more than 100 people shot and I think I've had more than 100 dead than we've lost, not to mention seven people killed," he said. The 6-foot-4-inch (15-centimeter) center, which is known as the lowest for the 1-acre Central Appaloosa-Ashland Town that borders the forested Gancheria County line and encompasses most of the town of Clovis, is among other buildings that have been damaged as a result of the fire. Clovis Neighborhood Volunteer Fire Department Chief Paul Verrilli said two of the trees were snapped, some by fire crackling under his feet as he talked to CNN on Tuesday night. Verrilli said Saturday's fire forced residents to move in with relatives and neighbors and quickly clean up mud and debris that spilled in the water, even from above. "It's been hard," he said. "A lot of people have been hurt." Footprints scattered on surfaces. Marooned trees torn up. The roofless home of Rita Terrell's family. Her 16-year-old son, Kody, said someone in the family left a mangled propane tank behind after it exploded in the backyard. After it did, the 20-year-old moved in with his girlfriend after being warned to by several neighbors. A senior citizen who saw nothing but rotting debris told CNN by phone that before the EF-7 blast, when she was cleaning her home, she didn't see her front window blown off. "They didn't tell her to go look," she said. No power and no water out of the home. Dozens of trees and structures were destroyed in rural West Texas, according to the sheriff's department. "When I drove through the ruins, it looked like nothing," John Emery said. "They didn't realize the scope of it." Damaged vehicles littered the yard. Car dented and burned, some submerged in mud. Roofs sunk in, if they are still visible at all. Several bodies were dug out by crews. So far, at least one person in town has been charged with murder. What remains of the property was largely destroyed. There are no homes or buildings that remain standing. But within the neighborhood, four of five homes have been destroyed. Forensic reports suggest all four homes on Memorial Drive were struck by gunfire or were set on fire. The other destroyed homes had insurance on their roofs. Several individuals were treated for gunshot wounds and released. With such a high number of victims, it was difficult to sort out who was right or wrong, Verrilli said. Many of the homes were damaged beyond repair. In some houses, windows still remained cracked. One house had its roof shingles attached and the bottom was peeled off. The wind was so fierce that debris from a car remained on the ground as it approached the tree line, according to neighbors. In one of the closest homes to the blast, nothing remained standing. The doors were partly blown off -- no cars, just bricks. Garage doors were buried by the wind. Others held together with screws and nails. Two firefighters were injured. No one knows what happened to those two firefighters. In other towns, firefighters flooded homes, watching as potential victims huddled over the flames. One survivor told CNN that two men he never sees in the dark is a hero. One family told CNN the scene looked like a human sacrifice. When they set out to rescue her, one of those two men said, "he was fighting for his life." That's a terrible thing to hear, Verrilli said. Several people had to take off their shoes. She asked, "how do you see the bodies and what do you think I'd do?" and let me know how much they would make it through this storm? "None of it is worth losing," Verrilli said. He and another witness drove to the scene. He is now living with his girlfriend in Clovis, who was seated behind him. Everyone would do anything to save their loved ones, he said. Two homeowners in the building were barely breathing. Two of her children arrived on Sunday and hid with the children.
Five European nations criticized Israel's decision to build thousands of new homes in occupied territory, summoning Israeli ambassadors for discussions on the matter.|||Recently, the countries have condemned the settlement of western settlements, calling them "unacceptable and degrading," because they would undermine the 2.8 million Palestinian people already living there. The European Union responded to the "constitutionally indefensible" settlement of the so-called Beit El settlement -- named for former prime minister Ehud Barak -- by calling for the international community's opposition to address the issue. Four European states asked the European Union on Thursday to maintain the pressure on Israel over its settlement program. The move comes the day after a United States official said the projects will require a high toll on American society, calling it "completely illegal." Spain, France and Britain condemned the developments in light of the European Union's action on May 4, and France's foreign minister, Jean-Francois Martinez, on Thursday also summoned the Israeli ambassadors in Berlin to tell them about the Israeli settlement project. The United Nations condemned the settlement works, calling them an example of expansion in the occupied West Bank. Israel argues that the settlement project is an important humanitarian measure meant to protect the Palestinian population. The Palestinians say the Israeli settlement project is a military effort to expand its control over territory. Opinion: What is settlement policy in occupied East Jerusalem? Israeli government, residents responsible for houses in Hebron attack on Palestinians Read more Israeli P.M. dispatch service says building West Bank settlement slated for construction: 60,000 people. Palestinians outraged by Israeli settlement work are demanding restrictions on building. It follows decades of arrests, demolitions and building. Palestinians say the 600 homes being built in West Bank settlements will only serve to further destabilize the region.
Saudi Arabia may block access to popular Internet messaging applications like Skype, Viber and WhatsApp if telecommunication providers there don't comply with rules and regulatory conditions, according to the country's official news agency, SPA.|||" further announcement said that technical and financial costs for the blocks vary, but the estimated total for the block is $90 million. "The government is considering raising the threshold for which an operator can introduce the application on the Saudi Arabian Internet," the SPA added, without saying when. "These are considered tests to measure the effectiveness of the block on both sides -- and to determine whether there are any positive effects. "The operation is under the supervision of the National Telecommunication Authority (NTA) which is in charge of implementing the block. We are currently reviewing their decision, and we have requested regular visits to an independent Internet security auditor to determine the exact extent of the disruptions." At the time of the ban, access to all Skype, Viber and WhatsApp services in Saudi Arabia, along with some non-emerging languages including Chinese, was restricted to 190-day window, the NTA added. The vast majority of Saudi Internet users don't think there's much they can do about it. They can browse the Internet using simple browsers, but their browser or mobile phone doesn't match to a browser, enabling their preference for a "white client" experience, the agency said. A recent letter from the Arab Telecommunication Conference concluded: "The investment sector is failing to implement a [new web service] standard in the Middle East and Africa." Netizens have had to pay monthly fees to access services that were blocked last year, because they are cost prohibitive -- a sign of overpriced, but legal and lucrative services, said Adel Zarghami, editor of The Middle East Blog. In August last year, a similar ban was imposed on Skype in Saudi Arabia. According to the 2011 E-Privacy Act, companies can block the service if their governments change the policies on foreign Internet access. The charges included charging users a fee of $300 for each Internet connection and a fee of $750 for each phone number. But despite NTA calls to crack down on certain Internet providers, experts say most mobile carriers won't comply with the ban. In 2011, six local Internet service providers -- including Sprint, Sprint Nextel and Telkomsel -- pledged to free Saudi citizens of pending access to the World Wide Web, beginning with Skype. Saudi officials announced last year that they were cracking down on networks that allow users to talk outside their country. Alongside the suspension came an additional ban, announced June 11, on ICANN Internet "crowdsourcing" services. The ban follows a successful court challenge last month to reverse the restrictions. Last year, an appeals court ruled that the ban, announced in April, could be lifted, but faced with stiff resistance. A spokesman for Sprint Nextel's parent company United Internet Services offered no immediate comment on the latest reports. CNN's Hiba Anan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Real Salt Lake sealed an upset win over the Los Angeles Galaxy on Sunday night with a 5-4 penalty victory, after extra-time in the Major League Soccer Cup final that ended with the score at 1-1.|||ItThe American was optimistic he had won the trophy that had eluded him since 2001 but he just had not thought the match would get to this point. Among other things, the MLS' result meant Real Salt Lake's All-Star victory in the 2006 CONCACAF Champions League final had put him there for a while. The goal came when FC Dallas defender Ray Torres found himself unmarked in the penalty area to find Pedro Morales for the winner in the penalty spot. But that looked just fine after Graeme Leitner converted the penalty to shoot his team through the heart of Los Angeles' David Beckham's side. The strike was the crucial goal. Since Jason Moor's unfortunate own goal, the Gunners have not won any trophy in MLS history. The Spanish side won the MLS Cup final in 2010 while the Galaxy lost the MLS Cup in 2009.
Napa Valley, California (CNN) -- It is the quintessential Napa Valley experience.|||Would be sure to turn on that blue light and exit quickly from the vineyard, while drinking one of these Superh�eun Taktai bottles of Cabernet Sauvignon: Burgundian Hills, French-style Shiraz blended with California's cheap Moscato grapes, the Vermentino Blonde, the Chardonnay Blonde and the Sauvignon Blanc that have blazed through the wine region over the past century are finally being released to the public. Each comes with a $20 retail price tag, but no cover charges.
(CNN) -- Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo, who is fighting to keep a political title the United Nations says isn't his, on Monday nationalized the nation's two main cash crops, coffee and cocoa, according to state-run television.|||Ivory's president, Laurent Gbagbo, announced on Sunday the nationalization of the nation's two major agricultural crops, coffee and cocoa. Though he did not spell out the cash crops specifically, it was said to have the purpose of helping the government create more jobs and address the country's "stagnant economy." President Gbagbo, a former football star, is one of the leaders of the southern African nation's youth, mostly unemployed, and critics believe has participated in last year's country-wide uprising that forced his violent ouster in December, when about 100,000 people were killed. Some Ivorian farmers have rejected the move, but Gbagbo did not comment. He signed a decree authorizing the nation's constitution, the Finance Ministry and the Agriculture Ministry. The order appears to have been drawn up this week after Gbagbo posted a picture of the two crops on state-run television. The nation's new president was met with anger and criticism. But he has not faced similar demands from opposition lawmakers. "We must show no sign of political weakness, show no sign of weakness," Gbagbo wrote. "We can't stay silent." U.S. and European Union officials have charged Gbagbo with illegally using force to seize power. He did not respond to requests for comment. He has also denied responsibility for an insurrection earlier this year that killed at least 5,000 people. In August, former French President Laurent Gbagbo said as many as 4,000 suspects had entered the presidential palace during the night. President Gbagbo's is the first anti-government, so-called "Nobel Cleanance" movement to take place in recent months. The campaign has helped to reshape the Ivorian opposition, driving many young people into the political mainstream in recent months. Last month, Gbagbo held regional votes for a coalition of smaller parties, which was condemned by French and U.S. human rights groups. At the U.N., there is concern Gbagbo, whose re-election is next year, may launch a military campaign that would include taking out all government agencies and disrupting other institutions. The U.N. recently called Gbagbo's proposed return a dangerous precedent for further attempts in power. The United States and European Union are pushing Gbagbo to step down and allow a national vote to be held. "People know where this President stands ... the changes he is trying to make could be disastrous for the country's future," said an EU representative, Mark Krikorian, during a visit to Ivory Coast.
(CNN) -- Police have arrested 27 people in Singapore after a riot that erupted on Sunday after a foreign worker died in a traffic accident.|||Theriving city in the southern city of Ubin was closed after the 32-year-old Chinese worker was found lying dead after the accident in a canal. Angry locals took to the streets on Sunday morning, according to Tang Wah Yan. Many rioted and burned down government vehicles. On Monday, police said 27 people were arrested and the arrest warrants for 14 people remain on file. The latest arrest, which was made by Toh Kuan Ming, is of a Chinese citizen. Police on Tuesday released the name of the man who was the only witness to the accident, Mashael Felicis De Baccio. He was a worker at a recycling plant in Ubin when he died of injuries sustained in a traffic accident, police said. Filmmaker Simon Loo, from CNN's Philippines Bureau, reported the crime as a foreign worker. Filmmaker Janet Sidley showed the lawyers representing Felicis, who was shown dead in the canal in a stretcher, and several other witnesses who also were taken into custody. "They were shouting at the police... one shouted, 'You killed the Chinese man, where did you kill the Chinese man?'" Swearing-in police Chief B.K. Palomar told CNN in a telephone interview.
(CNN) -- Yemeni commando forces from elite units are conducting simultaneous raids on al Qaeda hideouts and cells on the outskirts of the capital, Sanaa, a Yemeni government official told CNN on Friday.|||That's team stopped by multiple explosives-laden trucks and took hostages, said Tahir al-Jayed, a Yemeni special operations commander. "They were carrying out strikes and kidnapping targeting terrorists," Jayed said. "We stopped them." "Our army's joined hands and engaged them," al-Jayed said. "Our joint operation is aiming to complete the occupation of Sanaa province." Yemeni forces from an elite force were not available for comment Saturday morning. The raid comes three weeks into a three-day official deadline for the Yemen government to complete its military campaign against al Qaeda, which began at the beginning of this month. The campaign, approved in a U.N.-ordered cease-fire deal after more than two years of fighting, has continued. Aden became a headquarters for al Qaeda during the Yemeni civil war last year. At least one operation against al Qaeda took place this year, but no casualties were reported and the organization was involved in its most recent uprising, according to the UAE-based Al Manar News Agency. Even before the U.N. arm promised a cease-fire, al Qaeda fighters had tried to stage a lengthy demonstration in front of the airport and U.N. envoy Susan Rice said the organization was making progress on its base in Yemen's capital. Of any security officers targeted by the bombing, diplomatic sources say they're not seeking to go after top government officials. Prime Minister Ali Abdullah Saleh welcomed "the achievements of the security forces in Sanaa in ensuring the protection of Yemeni citizens," according to a statement from his office Friday. "We expect the country will rebuild, rebuild. Building on the efforts of the previous governments, we now renew our efforts to fight the terrorist groups," Saleh said. He described his government's efforts to extinguish the threat to the country as: "Tough and counter-productive. However, we continue our fight against the Houthi regime and its criminal structure." In its statement, the United Nations human rights chief said that Yemen had made progress but "the development in the country is still very limited. And the crime rate remains higher than the United Nations requires it to maintain." Saleh said that recent attacks by al Qaeda and the rebel Ansarullah (People's Army) movement had led to instability and unrest in the country, but, through an intergovernmental agreement, government officials pledged to investigate the allegations. "The government will take the appropriate action," Saleh told CNN. A regional official said intelligence officials have confirmed three failed terror attacks carried out by "small groups" in the past two weeks. A U.S. military official, requesting anonymity, also confirmed that Yemeni forces had attacked six al Qaeda camps. But the official denied reports of casualties there. CNN's Michael Jackson, Alejandro Gonzalez and Aya Ashour contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Arab League finance ministers recommended Saturday that economic sanctions be levied against the Syrian government for its part in a bloody, months-long crackdown on civilian demonstrators, a senior Arab League official told CNN.|||" shows that Arab finance ministers think that human rights in Syria would come under attack if sanctions are implemented against the Syrian government. In an appearance before Arab finance ministers in Cairo, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad backed calls for economic sanctions against the Syrian government if his forces carry out the planned show trial of the commander of an anti-government rebel group, Mahmoud Ghani. Ghani has been involved in co-ordinating the campaign to push for amendments to the country's constitution to purge all forms of official violence. "We give our strongest support to sanctions as long as they are based on principles and principles of principle and human rights," Ghani told reporters. "Syria has made a mistake; it's obviously the wrong choice because of human rights violations that have been accompanied by torture." Ghani spoke after Arab Finance Minister Naif al-Mansouri, whose role will become a point of emphasis in Syria's much-anticipated election -- and whether it will be run by al-Assad, U.S. officials, or opposition leaders. He told journalists: "Syria has found itself at the center of a very long and raging political conflict." He noted that preliminary discussion has included the Arab League Foreign Ministry and the Center for International Policy Studies. On Saturday, the United States announced it is sending draft guidelines on sanctions to the Arab League. Among recommendations: imposing sanctions on al-Assad unless he steps down. The United States is considering providing support to the Free Syrian Army if he is forced to step down. The United States and the U.N. also oppose the regime's application of an anti-drug law. "The president's remarks must be met with opposition in the present circumstances," White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a written statement. A Syrian source, who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue, said that since the meeting the discussions are still on-going. "It's about time for decisions," the source told CNN.
(CNN) -- A Massachusetts woman was found guilty Wednesday in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend, whom she bludgeoned and strangled before cutting the baby from the victim's womb.|||Steven Tamrane Levesque was convicted of first-degree murder in connection to the April 4, 2009, death of Brianna L. Goulet. She pleaded guilty to killing her friend, Alison Levesque, after a U.S. district judge told prosecutors her daughter had given up the baby to Guy Mantini, the mother of her child. She went on to undergo a sex-abuse treatment and was diagnosed with meningitis. She abandoned her pregnant career in counseling to focus more on her child and taught yoga, but even within her self-imposed exile, she confronted Mantini about her conduct, investigators say. Levesque admitted cutting off her daughter's circulation in February 2009. She told investigators she strangled Looney with a kitchen knife after the baby stopped breathing, court documents say. Prosecutors and family said the baby's death was the result of a mental health crisis. But Looney has insisted she is an innocent victim who was "done with life." In the documentary "Bridalicide," released in 2010, Hou-Hee Park appears to have been raped and also accused of stealing marijuana from her boyfriend. The documentary is about Maine photographer Timothy L. McColgan. In the still image, the twin sets of identical photographs show Layne and Melissa Simmons holding their daughter. Mantini had just given birth to the girl, the same year the twins were born, when he was found dead on the Dorchester green in front of his children in a stand-up reclining position. Dazed and disoriented, Mackenzie Sloane stared at what she thought were her own children for 20 minutes, before pretending to cry and saying, "Thank you, baby. Thank you." She cut him, authorities said. He was described by his family as the spirit-like son of his mother's best friend, he said. The boy was named Jacob Simon. The 4-month-old girl was pronounced dead at the North Shore Medical Center. The victim was 29 years old. She was the second mother in her extended family to give birth during her pregnancy. By then, the state had finished developing a lead profile of Mantini. Tests showed her waterline was severed, she would not drink enough and eat solid foods. She developed a mild reaction to antibiotics and related medical treatment and an inflammatory condition, which she addressed by telling police she ate broccoli instead of diuretics, prosecutors said. Housatonic, Massachusetts, is a suburb in the northeast corner of Boston, a community that has hundreds of thousands of low-income residents. The area is about 10 minutes from Boston. Levesque began college at Mansfield University and was admitted to an alternative-learning community for vocational training. Throughout her life she struck neighbors and friends. Now, she's "smashed" her neighbors with her aggressive behavior, her lawyers say. They say she has no remorse. Latifa Sudan, 26, acknowledged taking her friend's life and "apologized to everyone who cared for her." She walked into a New Bedford, Massachusetts, school in mid-2013, according to a Student Paper.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A bomb attached to a car carrying an Iraqi army general exploded Saturday afternoon, killing the driver and wounding the general and a bystander, an Interior Ministry official said.|||The car bomb targeting the president's motorcade left three cars engulfed in flames and sent smoke across a busy street in Baghdad, Iraq, at around 4 p.m. Saturday. The explosion resulted from a "low-flying rocket propelled grenade device targeting a car," the ministry said. The general was a representative from the Iraqi army's Technical Security Division and several civilians were wounded, the ministry said. Iraq's government, officials and media blamed al Qaeda. Al Qaeda in Iraq claimed responsibility for the attack. In recent days, Al Qaeda spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Shafiqi has been killed after the group claimed responsibility for multiple roadside bombs in August. Al-Shafiqi said the third car was heavily damaged as the explosives detonated after he passed it. The result appears to be a double-decker bus with five people, including the general and two other people who were on board, according to a representative of the Interior Ministry. Iraqis drove toward the bomb site on Saturday after seeing it in a car heading east, the ministry said. The blast happened during a rush hour. People crowded into a busy highway in downtown Baghdad to see the blast, witnesses said. The car containing al-Shafiqi and the wounded three other people in another car went over a bridge, a witness said. The explosion also left a wounded driver and injured bystanders, the witness said. A fifth person had been injured in an exchange of gunfire between local forces and al Qaeda members. Other officers in the convoy also received injuries. Nureddin Sabah told the State Department Saturday that the shot that was fired was taken from an AK-47. In the past, insurgents have threatened Al-Shafiqi using the high-caliber AK-47 as a weapon. He said the general's security forces always stood by him at "any time," but did not elaborate. Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki had twice ordered the seizure of security forces involved in connection with militant attacks, including al Qaeda's last known stronghold in western Iraq, Mosul. While in power, U.N.-backed Prime Minister Al-Abadi has yet to make a full withdrawal of Iraqi forces, which effectively left Iraq in Kurdish control. Iraqi officials also have been struggling to regain control of Iraq's lawless northeastern part. The U.S. described the attacks in Mosul and other parts of Iraq as genocide. CNN's Mian Mohammed Yusuf and Jim Karune contributed to this report.
NEWPORT NEWS, Virginia (CNN) -- A federal bankruptcy judge has denied the Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan presented by suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick.|||Vison.com/vcr/Michael Vick's Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Case. Court documents say Vick owned a power company in the late 1980s which bought 11 buildings and used them as storage facilities. Vick was arrested in a federal criminal investigation in December 2004 and has served 15 games of his 20-game suspension. Vick was released from jail in January 2008 with no pay, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said. He was later charged with child abuse, corruption, witness tampering and marijuana trafficking, Goodell said at the time. Vick made headlines last week when police found a gun in his closet. When Vick was sentenced to jail in November he said he planned to return. The NFL says it has not decided whether it will appeal that sentence.
(CNN) -- Superstar DJ Avicii canceled his Ultra Festival performance this weekend to undergo gall bladder surgery.|||Avicii announced in a Facebook post on Friday that he was canceling shows this weekend. "It's because the road to recovery won't be the same anymore," Avicii wrote. He added, "RIP to the instruments, my fans and the support I've always received." The Swedish artist, whose real name is Tim Bergling, is suffering from acute pancreatitis, according to the statement. He has been bed-ridden since April and doctors believed it was the result of meningitis, the statement said. "In an effort to minimize the chance of infection, I'm taking an extended period of time to recover, and to make sure I'm in the right frame of mind," he continued. "I'm going to give it a lot of thought before I perform. And I'm going to seek an opinion from my surgeon about whether to have open-heart surgery. "I already have that in mind. I hate having to cancel my shows in the past, because they have really cemented my image. "It's just time for me to stop performing for a few hours and it feels like it's time for a nice recovery. That's all I can ask." His father, Ralf Bergling, wrote on his Facebook page that Avicii was responsible for deciding to cancel this weekend's performances. "I want to thank my dancers and I are terribly sorry. "It's impossible to put up with somebody this terrible when there's so much unreal pain inside you that is nearly unbearable. "This cannot happen!" Bergling posted on Facebook. "While I regret the severity of his illness, I feel for anyone affected by this." "I sincerely apologize for the pain I caused to his family and friends," Bergling posted. "I am not a monster." The post says that Avicii is in "complete recovery" and that "from this point forward I can only manage with the help of our wonderful doctors." But Blackberry, the company Spoke to about Avicii, said the news is both upsetting and disappointing. Avicii "is a genius who's no longer the killer of electronic music," Blackberry said. "And that's why he was chosen by the people of Sweden as an official ambassador for years to come." Bergling referred to that statement as "surprising."
(CNN) -- Snapchat, the app that sends automatically-deleting messages, has proven to be hugely popular among teens and young adults, but until now, it restricted anyone under the age of 13 from using it.|||Snapchat was used by the teen actor and director Lili Taylor, now 24, for years, on "American Idol" and for years for school, "Hollywood Strong" magazine. Now, despite its reputation as an app for celebrities, its content is often controversial. As already in 2010, it was banned in the United States from those ages 13 and under, until now. Teen users, including Taylor, have been moving away from Snapchat after it was announced in 2010 that they couldn't "waste" time or share images and audio. Snapchat has noticed the growing dissatisfaction with its picture-sharing app, and shut down the feature in February 2011. The company, which is owned by the Walt Disney Company, says the restrictions were "simplified," and that its major users are older teenagers and those over 13. Twitterer, Stu Preston, blames Snapchat creator Evan Spiegel for its problems. "I can't imagine what it looks like with just Snapchat now," Preston told reporters at an event in Seattle in September. The outcry prompted the company to announce an overhaul of the way it stored images and videos. Three months later, an update to Instagram, Snapchat's largest social network, called Snap, removed all ability to post pictures and videos in between the original posting. Snapchat has said the changes made to the app's design, security and time-saving ability are "because of the significant changes that Snapchat has made since the early days of the app." The company also said the app no longer deletes images. But the organization, founded in 2006, has not severed communications with Snapchat, who was formerly known as Lavender Pictures, about the product. It said the changes would make the app "more usable" for anyone aged 13 to 19. Snapchat won't yet disclose when the changes will be made. The company wasn't immediately available for comment Monday morning, and Netflix was unavailable for comment. Many feature requests for photos were set up and then taken down after the changes were announced. Timelines for Snapchat users who don't have voice capabilities were automatically set to pop up. Snapchat and others share photos via video-chat, and sends screensaver-like image-sharing features. Snapchat connects users via a map with their phone and allows them to see any phone and video-chat features. "Once you've used Snapchat in any way, Snapchat was turning you into a brand," said Kate Lewis, a creator of another social-network account, "This is probably a killer app." The app gives access to photos and videos directly, and lets users manipulate videos to manipulate short messaging, not just messages. It also gets a way to remove comments and attachments immediately. The company has since gone public with the changes to the service, and has faced criticism for the way it handles videos. School also can be a big deal. But reporting allegations of child pornography is not always something the kids look forward to. Snapchat, as an app, provides one of the widest, most supported social platforms for private messages. After all, those with friends and family can be there for support and encouragement. Parents are alerted via text and call if anything strange or inappropriate is seen on the app. For a long time, Snapchat was plagued with controversies in the U.S. when Facebook first rolled out its version of the app, and there was controversy over its privacy policy. Facebook shut down one of its Instagram accounts, and in 2011 Facebook launched a public privacy policy after an alarming rise in the harassment and death of its users. The company later announced a motion to introduce limits to the content that could be sent within the app, known as a "digital age" rule. In February 2012, the U.S. Senate voted to bar the app from the public with a 3-2 majority. It now faces a lawsuit that could lead to a limit on the number of days the app can remain available to use. The appeal is expected to be heard in January. Apps have been fighting some tougher measures in court.
The quest for peace in Syria is now crippled with setbacks, as a U.N. observer mission has suspended operations and attempts to rescue civilians trapped amid violence have proved futile.|||Investigators aim at liberating civilian areas and sites near the Syrian city of Homs, where rebels took control of the al-Wuhaysa market in February, have been severely thwarted by government forces. Pro-government forces have also targeted opposition groups, ditching them after turning away foreign and local fighters who tried to take territory or civilians from the insurgents. The air campaign "blazed with eyes of fire ... because they ignored its orders, ... enabled the Syrian regime to kill the civilians, so the opposition, taking over the al-Wuhaysa market in advance, controlled it and entered the building for two days," said Tarek Mohammed, a U.N. official based in New York. "They overthrew people from inside the market." Despite the clashes, this was the largest rebel victory since years of fighting that sparked similar outbursts throughout Syria. The Syrian opposition quickly united around opposing President Bashar al-Assad. Al Qaeda-linked rebels have been fighting Al Assad's forces in other areas of the country. But as rebels have been disarmed, al Qaeda and its allies have continued their attacks, leading to a sharp humanitarian crisis in Syria. The United Nations said the Syrian military equipment had been destroyed and that "bombs continue to be exploding near residential areas in an effort to clear the ground of both the terrorists and the civilians" from the al-Wuhaysa market. "The potential for non-federational forces to supply food and humanitarian assistance has diminished," said Jamal Shweefa, a spokesman for the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Al-Wuhaysa has posted a note on the U.N. Twitter page, saying one soldier was reported killed on Monday by fire from a drone. "The involvement of the U.N. forces in this attack is not encouraging," the United Nations said in a statement. Despite previous attempts to reach agreements, al-Wuhaysa has been plagued by attacks, insecurity and instability. The U.N. mission says there is a lack of food and aid for war-torn Syria. The Syrian opposition blames the attacks on Al Qaeda, which has denied the accusations, and al-Qaeda-linked rebels, whose fighters regularly attack the opposition in Syria. The U.N. is cooperating with Syria's opposition factions but says it remains focused on preventing the government of President Bashar al-Assad from continuing "an outright victory." Al-Wuhaysa said al-Assad had ordered the military assault on Syrian hospitals. But the strikes drew immediate international condemnation. al-Wuhaysa said the federal police had continued to battle at the Al-Wuhaysa market even as it tried to secure supplies and aid to the besieged. The operations at the markets "are not helping the population" because of the fighting. The Syrian political opposition and many of the opposition groups in the suburbs of Damascus have also joined the air strikes on rebels, particularly near the Mezzey Mountains in Eastern Ghouta, an area that borders Iraq. The strikes were aimed at sending a clear message that the uprising on the villages and the al-Wuhaysa market was a complete failure, said Abdel Ghaith Shaheen, an opposition activist.
Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- One man died and another was injured after they set themselves on fire Tuesday in Egypt, the latest in a string of self-immolations in restive North Africa, officials told CNN.|||Officials in Egypt's southern Sinai city of Alexandria say 18 men are dead and 14 are injured after they set themselves on fire Tuesday, the Egyptian Foreign Ministry said. President Hosni Mubarak, a former Egyptian hero, described the incident on his Facebook page as "horrific." All were locals but they were "a little older and from poorer areas" than the others, the ministry said. The Egyptian men were coming from the eastern part of the city when they started their candle-lighters. A medical center spokesman said the men were walking toward the Nile River when they set their own matches alight. They told CNN they did not know if there were people nearby. A source close to the authorities said the people were visiting Sharif, a commander of a religious group associated with the general Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, when they set themselves alight. It is the latest in a series of self-immolations by disgruntled Islamists in Libya, which has become a lightning rod of protests and violence over the last year. Over the past week, numerous protests have erupted across North Africa. CNN's Saeed Mohammed reported that at least 10 Arab countries have set themselves on fire, and in addition to Libya, Burkina Faso, Mali, Algeria, Niger, Morocco, Tunisia, Niger, Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia. Nine people have died and 53 have been wounded. Twenty-six people have been arrested.
(CNN)  -- Over 28,000 Liverpool fans marked the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster in a special memorial service at Anfield on Wednesday.|||The anniversary. Police officer David Bruce, from the Hoylake police who made the arrest and who investigated the killing, asked the 32 Liverpool supporters to return to the stadium where the tragedy occurred on April 15, 1989.  McCourt recalls the memorial service, which was held outside Anfield's grounds. On the ground, Forest Rangers have offered their condolences to the families of the victims of the disaster. "Our thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones in the tragedy 20 years ago today and their families now," said Forest Rangers supporter Richard Nicholls. "We hope it brings healing and justice for everyone who lost their lives that day. We must never forget. We need the support of all Merseyside and we will continue to support the Hillsborough families." Last year's Hillsborough disaster took place while Liverpool were 1-0 ahead against Barnsley. Two other Rangers players, including David Brooks, also died in the tragedy. Liverpool's chief executive, Jurgen Klopp, promised "at the end of the day, we're all going to be here [at Anfield]." Liverpool legend Ian Rush said the day would be a poignant time for the fans. "There are many tragedies and every one of them is a tragedy," he said at a press conference. "Today is a special day. It will be the most special moment of my entire life. And I will be there." More than 12,000 people attended the memorial service at Anfield, according to event organizers. Thousands more visitors attended Hillsborough's remembrance on Thursday. People wearing scarves observed "A Million Million Merseyside" as a symbolic symbol. As well as fans from across England, people from Bahrain and Canada attended, and various foreign dignitaries including Hungarian President Tony Blair came to pay tribute to the victims. It was the first time that Liverpool, with the world's most famous soccer stadium and stadium in its Arsenal colours, had hosted such a ceremony. While the stadium will always be home to the Reds, and England, has become the host to the "premiership of Liverpool," a number of embassies, UN offices and international conferences in England are now to be held there. This is the first time that Christians from Brussels have also visited, though only 15 of the citizens of Belgium are due in to speak. CNN's Darren Staples and Chris Sutton contributed to this report.
It's tricky business comparing the handful of smartwatches that been publicly unveiled so far -- an early wave in the growing flood of wearable tech products.|||The be. It's a convenient Apple Watch. If you do the math it's a better Apple Watch. The big names seem to be using the Apple Watch to promote their next installment, the third installment of the Apple Watch Series 3. Apple also sees some promise in the new Apple Watch Hubs, noting that the feature brings improved battery life as well as a "more accurate, multi-feature" design for timekeeping. It's also marked by much of the same mysterious software UI as other recent smartwatches, which included the introduction of Apple Watch apps and big, comfortable seats. Reading more from Motherboard: Apple reveals newest Apple Watch-rivaling smartwatch.
(CNN) -- When President Xi Jinping arrives in Seoul this week, the Chinese leader will have passed over North Korea in favor of its arch rival.|||Most important of the trip is a visit to Beijing and a visit to Seoul to discuss the Singapore summit, where Beijing has been simmering for months. The summit will likely be less serious and focuses less on the thorny issue of freedom of navigation across the East China Sea and more on sensitive issues that raise tensions. North Korea is closing in on its nuclear capability and the South is bracing itself for a difficult confrontation. Beijing, which maintains tough economic policies toward the reclusive nation, will make it clear it will veto any trade deal, and any visa, if it wants -- in order to prevent further scuffles over the lucrative South Korean economy. "If you were to apply the same conditions under conditions as the (South Korean) summit as before, you would end up without better relations with China and South Korea," a senior Chinese official told CNN's Margaret Brennan. "I don't think it should come down to a negotiation. But China is ready to take that kind of risk for its relationship with South Korea." Xi and his top lieutenants can become embroiled in a diplomatic squabble over the trade and travel at the visit. North Korea sees Beijing as a "threat to its prosperity and security," and is protesting what it says are repeated assaults against the country's sovereignty. In response, the Chinese government will meet South Korean government officials to try to improve ties between Beijing and Seoul. But U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon criticized such a move and has called it "absolutely intolerable." Opinion: China turns up heat over summit. Won't China end up coming to that cold war? Read more from the panel at CNN.
(CNN) -- Rory McIlroy and Billy Horschel are in pole position to pocket the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup $10 million jackpot after finishing the third round tied for the lead at the season finale Tour Championship.|||McKeegan Bradley's four-under 67 gave the Northern Irishman a one-shot lead after 65 holes. Bradley, playing in the U.S. Open for the third consecutive day with two games to play, recorded a 1-under 70.Brooks Koepka carded a 71, as did American Billy Horschel, who battled back in an extremely grueling three-man playoff to close out his first PGA Tour campaign with a 67. Ben Martin of Australia finished a stroke behind at 67. American Russell Knox was 68 for his third round, while Stenson and Patton Kizzire were one shot back.
Berlin (CNN) -- It happens more often than you might think: Streets cordoned off and bomb disposal experts called in to deal with unexploded bombs that were dropped on Germany nearly 70 years ago.|||He went unexploded in German cities like Munich, Heidelberg, Cologne, Belzig, Hamburg and Frankfurt in what officials refer to as a "special event." No human remains found, but the Platzuflügen - a series of nameless bomblets -- were discovered at four sites in the German capital on Wednesday. "Quite quickly, we received telephone calls from the state and the federal police police in two separate cases," said Gerd Rudner, Berlin's mayor. The unexploded bombs were the result of aircraft dropping them into an area that was hit by a German bomber on September 19, 1944. The bombs were dropped near Frankfurt, one city on the eastern coast of Europe. An American pilot in the US was given a psychological advantage and was able to navigate to the airfield safely. The weapon detonated in a nearby apartment complex. One survivor told reporters that he was not physically harmed. A later bomb detection team quickly pinpointed two of the wreckage. One was in front of a one-way street in the center of the city, while the second, a residential area, was about five yards away. Two burst dominoes -- one buried in the ground and one in a neighboring home -- fell into an adjacent neighborhood. It's believed that the bombs, which have lived since World War II, hit innocent houses. They are difficult to find because of the density of the population, the Ministry of Justice said. The two bombers whose bombs landed were following a military pattern of searching neighborhoods, arriving at residential areas and constructing bomb shelter. The munitions remained in their hiding places in trash bins, organizers said. "We cannot name them or say whether they are unexploded or not," Red Cross spokesman Stephan Saxeter told CNN. Since the World War II era, German troops have been targeted by several unexploded bombs. The government is trying to prevent attacks.
New York (CNN) -- New York police arrested 50 protesters Saturday on what organizers from Occupy Wall Street were dubbing a day to "re-occupy," coinciding with the movement's three-month anniversary.|||Cor Police arrested 50 protesters against a march plan dubbed "Occupy We The Wall" targeting U.S. Capitol Hill. According to the New York Police Department, officers during one arrest in Elizabeth, New Jersey, arrested three protesters and talked to five others. The crowds dispersed soon after but additional arrests were made during one of the other locations where a similar protest took place, according to the district attorney's office. None of the four arrests was for assault. Others arrested were charged with disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, throwing objects and obstruction of government operations. The NYPD did not release any details on the arrests. Dozens of protesters were arrested at other sites around the city, according to a Facebook group. "Here's what it's like to live in the same place you've been at since the start," the page said. In addition to speaking at the Liberty Center campus, Howard Town resident Charles Joseph told CNN affiliate WABC the officers arrested the protesters outside "a public protest demonstration." "At first it just seemed a little futile," Joseph said. In a video posted Friday to Facebook, Joseph said "we all know it's not a quixotic world that we're living in," and said the New York-based Occupy Wall Street movement "has a lot of miles to go." CNN's Richard Sher contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A judge issued bench warrants for the arrest of actor Randy Quaid and his wife, Evi, after the couple failed to appear for a court hearing in Santa Barbara, California, Monday morning, a court spokesman said.|||Quaid Quaid? in his case, the actor faces two counts of failure to appear on drug charges in Santa Barbara County Superior Court, said spokesman Andrew Haney. The couple, who married in 2009, has been on probation for a drug-related offense in California since October, Haney said. According to the criminal complaint, which the couple had allegedly pleaded guilty to in 1999, they were each in possession of nearly 30 grams of methamphetamine and a small amount of marijuana after entering a St. Bernards, California, motel room on November 27, Haney said. The couple was arrested Friday night on a California State warrant for failure to appear, he said. The couple's attorney told CNN on Monday that the charges stem from charges they pleaded guilty to in 1998, but that his client did not have a prior criminal history in California. The couple was evading probation on what court documents have described as separate charges. While the couple's lawyers appealed the charges, the judge, Allan Brauer, issued the bench warrants, Haney said. Earlier Monday, Haney, a public defender in Santa Barbara, said he plans to argue that the couple still have the right to be together in court, which they had attended during the trial. The couple's probation runs out May 15. Because of the outstanding warrants, Haney said, the judge "will name the next of kin," Haney said. The couple also faces misdemeanor charges, including resisting arrest, and misdemeanor charges in the fire that destroyed a residence, police spokesman Michael Brown said. But the court does not recognize those lesser charges, which can lead to hefty fines.
More than 150 people were arrested in a four-month nationwide roundup of alleged sellers and makers of synthetic drugs, substances that authorities say can be more dangerous than the drugs they mimic, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday.|||The cops: 'It's the same thing they do across the United States' drug enforcement landscape for which, it's easy to get stitches. But those who use them, have dangers to their health and their businesses as well, according to federal investigators. In one case, police in California arrested two men Friday who were "making crystal meth and synthesizing K2," the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday. "These man-made synthetic drugs carry a high risk of abuse and are hard to distinguish from real drugs," said DEA spokeswoman Lillian Oakley. Prosecutors were using software to match up the exact molecular descriptions of the materials in disguise as methamphetamine. "When you pair these chemicals together, they deliver a potent and toxic wave," Oakley said. The agency said in a statement that its team is looking for a way to find out whether kits may have been falsified, and if not, what else they were producing. Police discovered three synthetic drugs in Virginia, Burns, Oregon, "which turned out to be highly potent synthetic drugs, comparable to those sold in the vending machines of unlicensed party houses," Oakley said. The arrests were part of a "multi-agency" operation that consisted of hundreds of officers from FBI, DEA and other agencies, she said. In one case, the public was harmed, including by meth found in the water. People were also subjected to unsafe driving conditions on the streets, the DEA said. But only one person was criminally prosecuted. In the New York County arrest, the searches were conducted for 16 defendants of the synthetic drugs that are sometimes linked to police seizures of real drugs, the agency said. In one of the cases, the search uncovered 89 boxes containing "drug-mimicking synthetic drugs," according to the statement. The authorities seized the goods in the New York County, Anaheim, Chicago and Watsonville. Ravelling agents arrested 37 people in Chicago and 18 in Los Angeles. City Attorney John Morganelli told the Associated Press the move is legal "because it does not violate any federal laws or state or local law." The thefts are believed to have occurred at a party known as the marijuana cookoff. The FBI aided by sheriffs and local officials involved in policing drug enforcement in many communities, said Justice Department spokesman Chuck Woodley. An agency spokeswoman, Kristen Petri, would not comment on the arrests.
(CNN) -- African American Jesse Owens remains the most iconic Olympian of them all.|||" In the wake of the drama, Owens issued an apology. "He's been just as good and even better," Owens told Fox Sports' Skip Bayless. "The skills, the training, the competition and -- above all -- the personal sacrifices and ultimately the sense of joy are things I never took for granted, because I'm different." The comments rattled first-time Olympic skier Robin Fripp, also known as the "Baby Boomer," to reveal just how far he has come and what he is up to after two years on set. Owens' words rang true again: "I want to thank you for being such a brave champion." Those comments turn the page a bit. Feigning victory and claiming to have seen history in the making, Owens is dismissive of the situation. "We're down with the story of President Obama at this point. He made a lot of predictions," Owens told Bayless. "It's kind of fantastic and I'm not really surprised by that because his comments on television aren't true. "I'm not about to give anyone in a race -- black or white -- a medal. Because in part it's because of what I was going through. You see, you're not alone. We're all different. 'Cause if you can't be socialized and socialized for whatever it is, then I was in the wrong sport and the wrong sport for you."
(CNN) -- At some 7 billion people, the world can sometimes seem like a crowded place. But if the latest estimates are to be believed, then in less than a century it is going to feel even more so -- about 50% more crowded, in fact. Such dizzying numbers understandably raise an important question, one that we have been wrestling with at least since Thomas Malthus famously predicted that rising populations would create a food crunch: Can the world's supply of food continue to meet demand?|||The world is entering a Great Food Crisis. "How far does food security go before the next few decades end? Great Question: Is it just too late to turn back the clock -- or even to stay the course? If we're to keep eating the stuff we're eating, this new survey by the Institute of Food and Agriculture shows that while nearly 3.5 billion people now live in the world, by 2050, the expected number of people will be 24.8 billion, making it the world's largest population on paper, if it is to be lived according to the World Bank's new estimates of how quickly the world's growing population will grow. Yet it's not just the world's population, either. Food insecurity is just one of many risks presented by that vast rise in population. This history of mass starvation affects all its many forms -- from countries that produce pesticides, garbage, poor-quality ground water and livestock, to subpar transport networks, traffic delays and security problems that are so ugly it ruins image. These risks have been demonstrated time and time again, and the Agency for Food Safety and Administration has tried to provide reassurance about the costs and ways to do something about them. When what it needs is action from all sides, experts like Paul Romer, the former UK commissioner of agriculture, tell reporters that we must do more with the resources that we have. On the verge of world war, Ann Todd, the former acting British minister of food production, and her team decided to embark on an ambitious new plan to limit the food and agricultural waste that will be produced by people. They believe that, together with education, there is a limited "waste and hunger strategy" that can dramatically improve the quantity of food that will be available to people on the planet. "What we really want to know is how much of a crisis this is going to cause -- and how the large amount of food we're going to need is going to be replaced," Todd says. "It's not just a question of whether or not we'll have enough food, it's whether we'll be able to make sure that we have the food that we need." She notes that, depending on how government agencies plan to respond to an unexpected situation, it is impossible for most of the global population to meet its potential needs. "The problem at hand is that at this moment there are not enough resources," Todd adds. The reason for the concern is that food security is largely a function of how much food we consume and the pace of population growth, which will make that demand higher than usual. The statistics released Tuesday are complex, and they are not necessarily indicative of how those numbers will change. But they represent the underlying picture. Over the last decade, many countries have seen huge increases in the population they have sent across the globe. With greenhouse gas emissions, and the potential for more rapid population growth, "food insecurity" will only intensify until it becomes a global problem as the population skyrockets, says journalist Gabriele Prieur. Opinion: The Tea Party's Gunbils. No one should be surprised by the Tea Party's political platform. Read our reaction to the Tea Party.
The head of the opposition Free Syrian Army told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday he has intelligence showing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government is moving its chemical weapons out of the country.|||The rebels claimed they had strong intelligence indicating the Assad regime had actually moved Syrian chemical weapons overseas. Eyewitnesses in the northern town of Thailon in southeastern Syria said they heard propane tanks under one wing. The result, they said, could be poison gas that can be used to murder or cause serious birth defects. Leela Nasrallah, a commander of the Free Syrian Army, told CNN by phone from Thailon that his organization has two intelligence agencies and has operated in Thailon. He said that while "several persons" have told him that their people have lost their lives in Syria, he does not have any information to support that. During the country's civil war, hundreds of thousands of people have died, although U.S. aid has hampered efforts to win Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's removal from power. The onset of the Syrian conflict in 2011 led to the latest round of U.S. airstrikes in the country, but operations have stalled. The Syrian government announced earlier this month that it was shutting down its chemical and biological weapons stockpiles. On Thursday, the Syrian government published the release of the agency's data, a major step toward halting weapons production. The move has raised the specter of another chemical weapon attack in Syria, this time in a major French city. Three people have been killed, said French news agency L'Observateur. The United States last week declared that Syria is ready to use a U.N.-supervised "red line" covering the release of chemical weapons. The U.S. has long opposed U.N. sanctions against the country. Syria's interim president, Rami Abdulrahman, said that he had launched the strikes in response to reports that President Bashar al-Assad was giving the rebels sifting fuel. Al-Assad has denied that the chemical weapons were being moved out of the country. "Sixty days, 75 days, 90 days -- that is about the amount of time in which the arms are in Syria," he told journalists outside the capital Damascus. In June, the French Foreign Ministry said that while samples from two sites near Damascus had been analyzed, the government had "very little doubt" that they are toxic. On Thursday, the European Union called for swift action against Damascus. "Assad's chemical weapons programme has been officially declared," the agency said. Meanwhile, French President Francois Hollande -- who visited Syria in March -- said that Prime Minister Manuel Valls traveled there for a failed counterterrorism attempt to meet with the Syrian President last week. "The world's interest is not on Syria anymore," Hollande said. "The interest of countries on all sides is on how to cooperate." But before the Syrian government can put out a clear statement and take charge of implementing its plan, the European Union has pledged swift action on sanctions. And as the EU warns that the regime has turned a blind eye, it also hasn't taken any action to discuss any of the current evidence of chemical weapons stockpiles.
(CNN) -- After a year of national gridlock that ended on the precipice of a cliff, Donald Trump went nuclear.|||"A"B" compares to your proposal." In your original proposal for health care, "A.B" could have means of allowing votes to be allocated in a manner that is difficult to navigate at night. In your proposal for a law that will grant a majority of health care reform votes to both parties, "A.B." could see some Republican votes override the Democratic majority. But in your original proposal, "A.B." seems more likely to trigger Democratic votes. That's because of this exchange between Rick Santorum and Marco Rubio. "I am not endorsing a shutdown ... nor am I endorsing a single thing you're just passing right now," Santorum, a Republican from Florida, told moderator George Stephanopoulos on CNN Friday night. "That is to be expected. "This is a text message that is literally a combination of all the President's terms," the usually noncombative Santorum added. "He is essentially trying to tell me that I cannot pass health care without significant Republican support." By The numbers. If that's true, we are in trouble. I haven't checked the table since Obama was re-elected, and he's a major presidential candidate in 2012 and 2014, and he's always been nominated. He's on track to get re-elected. The likes of Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich have also been nominated. The list of demands that Congress put forth to reach a compromise also includes four Republicans and Republicans, among them Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky. "Republicans need to make a deal," Paul said. "What they call for the House to do ... what they call for the Senate to do." "Then come back to Congress and give us the deal we've received." Rick Santorum is sitting on a news conference. Patrick Swayze contributed to this report.
A suspected Islamic militant who was detained in Afghanistan in 2001, imprisoned at the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, but later acquitted at trial in Spain, is again facing a trial in Madrid on new charges.|||A Moroccan Marwan, an outspoken Muslim cleric arrested in Spain in 2005 and charged with spying for al Qaeda last month, is set to face a new trial in Madrid on May 6 for spying for the United States, according to his attorney, Naser Maik. The 62-year-old, who is also wanted for murder in North Korea and other matters, was jailed in 2006 after four years in remand. He had not been convicted in Spain because his legal team had failed to provide evidence, and the charges were reinstated for new trials. His lawyers said they will try him against all six charges unless he changes his mind. "The prosecutors in Spain are giving us the trial dates, by press conference on Tuesday," spokesman Ricardo La Parra said. He added that authorities were "still preparing for the presentation of the new charges." Mokhtar Belmokhtar was detained on October 15, 2005, after he presented bin Laden's picture as a note with two Arabic words and a phrase similar to "Long live Islam." A Spanish official dismissed the charges against Belmokhtar. Belmokhtar, who later served a life sentence in prison in the United States, later "resigned in good conscience" and served 15 years in a Malaysian military prison. Al Qaeda also captured Belmokhtar near the Yemeni border, but later released him. Both Belmokhtar and Salim Kadr, another presumed leader of the militant group who provided the note with the Islamic State (ISIS) call for the alleged killing of the Prophet Mohammed, were later released on bail. They have continued to operate in France since their release. Mokhtar, who became a resident of the town of Olotay in northwestern Spain, was arrested again on April 12, he added. The charges he is now charged with include spying and conspiring to prepare evidence for the U.S. government. In turn, the United States has accused him of helping to recruit others for terrorist groups, including AQIM. Last year, the United Nations roundly condemned Mokhtar's comments. A Guantanamo case in the United States was launched against him last year. He was charged in December last year with transmitting a document that could be used to assassinate U.S. officials. In a statement issued shortly after his extradition, U.S. officials said they could "not find anything specific to support these accusations." "Our constant mission has been to answer all of the inquiries that were filed against us, including allegations that were so serious and unjustified," a U.S. defense official, Maj. Gen. Thomas Thomas Kirkpatrick, said in the statement. Mokhtar's passport was returned in late January 2015, and he was eligible to continue travel, his court spokeswoman said, noting that the court was awaiting extradition requests from the defense department and the Interior Ministry. His access to funds, however, is also not at issue, as he has been fined by the court and his money is not transferred to a bank account in his name. Ayman al-Zawahiri, who is accused of recruiting him on behalf of the al Qaeda group and aiding him in his terrorism activities, has said he is innocent and is determined to clear his name.
(CNN) -- Football legend Diego Maradona had his earrings seized by Italian authorities Friday to help pay off his back taxes, according to media reports.|||The probe looks to uncover hidden pay cheques and outstanding tax documents dating back to the 1992 season, when the Aztecs reaped the biggest profits in the team's history, the FA said. It all stems from a campaign by the state to rein in the 30-year-old who was serving as captain at Barcelona and then as Argentina coach between 1995 and 2003. According to reports, Maradona allegedly lost more than €1 million when taxes were paid on a "loan" of €470,000, and also missed payments of more than €438,000 on commissions. The figures from the Italian tax office are subject to change if and when new checks are published. The Haaretz newspaper published a story Friday explaining why the money transferred is in part to cover failure to pay a tax debt to tax authorities on a low income pensioner. Spain's chief taxes officer, Irene Gomes, told CNN that the large tax bill is one of several that is causing concern to lawmakers in this year's budget race. Maradona and his wife took their son Elia to the court on Friday, where they were formally reported to have had an unpaid tax debt of more than €325,000 and were sent back to Spain. Maradona has owned 20 of the world's most valuable jewelry since 1985 and the last of it was returned to him, the report said. It was not immediately known how the others were accounted for. "The amputees of the orphan children have been asked to reapply for them," read the report. "By filing the statements, both sides maintain their positions in respect to the situation which affects the renowned footballer Diego Maradona," the newspaper said. "Their actions are a symbol of what the consequences of ignoring the country's financial laws in the world of sport are." Maradona's Public Policy Institute estimates that the case is close to his son's divorce, according to the The New York Times. The case is pending. In other news, the attorney general of Italy confirmed Friday that Judge Garibaldi was "in possession" of the Emilio Remolazco case. But the $367,000 fine was awarded on appeal. The appeals court is set to decide on Tuesday. Barrie McKay of the National Court of Italy heard on Friday Maradona's case in Pisa, Italy. Spanish prosecutors have said the auction of items is controversial. The case will go on trial in late February or March. Authorities expect that the judge will free the 85-year-old and issue a statement about the case, but there is little evidence the judge will order bail.
Beijing, China (CNN) -- Jack's elder sister was returning from a holiday. Her connecting flight was through Kuala Lumpur on MH370. After news of the missing flight, Jack took leave from his job to come to Beijing in search of answers.|||Susan resumed flights Friday but never made it to Beijing where she would have met up with her family and join in the search for her brother. Jack, a chef and co-operator with an Iranian-American company in exchange for two jobs, came to Beijing after hearing of a mystery that had plagued Indonesia for weeks. The 24-year-old joined his family in a hotel in Beijing after his cousin posted on the sister's Facebook page that the next day the NTSB would "take immediate action.""In the most unlikely of scenarios, an unlikely person could have found my sister," he said by phone from Beijing. The accident could have hit Malaysia as well as another Asian nation: the United States, China and India, police officials said. Malaysian media are using wide swaths of the country, including land and sea, to search for clues, and the family with him is appealing for help. American journalist Martha McHugh called Jack's call "a horrible thing." In a call with an immigration official at the airport in Kuala Lumpur on Friday, a man who said he was traveling with his wife and their two children said they had received instructions to meet in Seattle on Sunday night.
Sydney, Australia (CNN) -- Qantas is considering legal action against engine-maker Rolls-Royce after one of the manufacturer's engines sparked a fire on a flight last month, the airline said Thursday.|||The engine fire and smoke plume of wildfire engulfed a plane during takeoff from Sydney's Qantas International Airport on Wednesday afternoon, two of the airline's three crew members and engineers said. Chief Commercial Officer Michael Gonsalves told reporters the plane received emergency treatment and passengers returned safely to their seats but the emergency room was notified, said Angus Uxbridge, a spokeswoman for Qantas. Plane's under-construction engine failed to mount and power cable. A spokeswoman for Rolls-Royce, which manufactures the plane's power-system, apologized for the accident. "We deeply regret that this accident occurred," she said. Qantas is considering whether to take legal action against Rolls-Royce, she said. It was ordered to take the aircraft out of service but has not. The lawsuit against Qantas Air Traffic Control, which is being run by McLaren Scott, was filed after the fire broke out during take-off, airport and media reports said. Two crew members suffered minor injuries during the blaze, and two more sustained scratches, according to airport spokeswoman Marcy McMillan. CNN's Jon Burnside contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In what was a bizarre, disturbing scene at Wimbledon, Serena Williams withdrew from her doubles match with sister Venus Williams on Tuesday due to a viral illness.|||S sisters Venus Williams and Serena Williams withdrew after Serena made a drunken walk-up to court during their three-set first-round match, their fifth clash at Wimbledon in four years, and Serena was out there on court when the first set was due to begin. With Venus Williams choosing to play with her No. 23 opponent and a permanent coach and team manager, the 31-year-old American picked Martina Navratilova to replace the American. Venus Williams, just over a year older than the elder Williams, announced her withdrawal from the match shortly after making a round-of-32 entrance and her sister calling out: "Martina put me on a little list, and I don't like the way Martina took me." The American doubles team said they made a walk-up, but couldn't locate the medical staff they needed so they walked to court in group hugs. The 7-foot-2 Williams fell off the court and staggered to a halt. Williams put on her finest, stoic look. Shortly thereafter, she was whisked away on a stretcher from the court and walked away from the Wimbledon court. Nobody was there to help. After the concussive scenes, spectators called for witnesses. Nasser Ahmad and David Coulthard rushed to the scene, and a screaming Aslan Juma, describing how the Williams sisters were physically and mentally assaulted, said he joined them. The neighbors looked on in horror and disbelief, recording the blood-smeared scene on their television cameras. Williams' sister, 23-year-old Venus, said they both had the same illness, which also afflicted Lisa Raymond of the U.S., who played in the women's singles. The news came a day after Venus withdrew from her third-round match against Canadian sister Julia Gilsenoy after fever broke out, causing her to fall asleep. The two Williams sisters tied for the third-round with 17-match winning streaks, and in August, Venus won Wimbledon for a second consecutive time. Although the former U.S. women's champion returns to action in July, she received more criticism than ever before in her absence. Women's long-hitting world No. 1 Andy Murray played on in the day's first doubles with fellow American Sam Stosur -- never falling behind 5-3 in the second set.
(CNN) -- A strong earthquake measuring 6.1 in magnitude struck southern Iran on Wednesday, according to a report from the U.S. Geological Survey.|||Strong earthquake strikes in Iran. The earthquake measured 6.0 on the Richter scale in Pakistan and is centered more than 8,200 kilometers (6,300 miles) away from the Iranian capital of Tehran, the U.S. Geological Survey said. Hadrian Rouhani made a visit to Imam Hussein Hospital in Kermanshah province where he received a visit from the World Health Organization. According to the report, the quake hit an area west of Pardesi, a town on Iran's west coast, at 9:33 am. No injuries were reported. CNN's Emily Nash contributed to this report.
Turkish football club Fenerbahce have been excluded from European competitions for two years after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) upheld a ban issued by UEFA.|||Fenerbahce have been retrospectively banned from playing in European competitions. The Turkish football federation and the Arbitration for Sport (CAS) handed a punishment to the Turkish football club over the January transfer of 14-year-old former Europe Cup winner Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Besiktas. Fenerbahce, who bought Ibrahimovic in 2009 from Alevi AS, lost the race to keep him, but beat Besiktas to win the club's European Champions League place. As one of the members of the European Football Association (UEFA) that banned Fenerbahce, UEFA said it would face a fine of € 500,000 and have the player's salary cut, within the next two years. The governing body revealed on Tuesday that Fenerbahce, who bottom of the Turkish Premier League last season, were operating without a full budget this year, despite having a team of the same size as the four-time European champions and with higher spending power. The Board of Directors voted unanimously in October that Fenerbahce, the third biggest club in Turkey, should be declared out of European competition. Council President Reydem Hunt acknowledged the decision on Tuesday and said: "This decision by FIFA and CAS confirms that we are disappointed with the decision issued by UEFA. We will appeal this decision." FAFA said that UEFA "will also investigate the case on an individual basis if allegations have been made." The court also halted the pursuit of visa-free operations of Zlatan Ibrahimovic in February by UEFA's anti-doping operation. The World governing body also said that the decision by UEFA meant "that Zlatan's transfer into our competition last January was illegal." Zlatan Ibrahimovic helped Besiktas win the Turkish Premier League title in 2010. Denied entry, FAFA advised Zlatan Ibrahimovic leave the country and look to mark his presence with his former club.
The United States believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria, two U.S. officials first told CNN.|||The spokesman wouldn't confirm whether the strikes were retaliation against an attack in the Gaza Strip by the terrorists group, the militant Hamas group. The embassy in London dismissed the reports of any Israeli attack.The U.S. defense department expressed deep concern about the "illegal and threatening behavior" by the militants, including "the incredible anti-Israel rhetoric" of Hezbollah, Iran's militant proxy fighting in Gaza. Israel is responsible for carrying out what it called a legitimate air raid in Gaza last July. The United States believes Israel has conducted an airstrike "about a month ago that targeted the Islamic State," a U.S. official said. The incident involved Syrian rebels and a Syrian military base. Two U.S. officials were briefed about the airstrike Wednesday afternoon. "It's very, very deliberate and threatening," one U.S. official said. "Israel is a friend and we are supportive of our Israeli ally, but at the same time they do have the right and responsibility to defend their airspace, when necessary." Two other American officials said there was no information yet to confirm this report.
It's the second most common cancer for men worldwide, but prostate cancer remains difficult to diagnose, with standard blood tests criticized for delivering a high rate of false positives.|||The list of prostate cancer have received a new number of screening tests for prostate cancer, notably within the United States and the United Kingdom. A group of U.S. and British doctors has agreed that a new panel of professionals should be assigned to test the mainstone of the US cancer epidemic -- non-small cell lung cancer. "It's going to be aggressive here," U.S. doctor Jeff Harrison told reporters last month at a prostate cancer screening clinic. "They're going to go with our partners in the clinical practice and that will make a big difference. "We're going to be very cautious about the type of screening tool they go with," Harrison added. Although prostate cancer screening is highly effective, even the most well-trained clinicians often find it hard to nail down how to screen for it when it is early. In addition, having formal prostate cancer tests is standard practice. Far too many doctors leave evidence-based tests for the special prostate cancer screening test known as the PSA (prostate specific antigen) for mass specimens that range from an ultra-small cell lung (MSL) to the invasive beta-cell prostate cancer test. For many, the PSA, which uses the usual test designed by Harvard Medical School, is especially difficult to use because it often misdiagnoses so much of the tumor. H.R. Harrison said the new panel is focused on screening men in more primary prostate cancer settings, such as colons and small subcutaneous nodes. "We're really focused on a population health approach with these drugs and this panel," Harrison added. The six doctor panelists, headed by Dr. Philippe Esselstine, included: Dr. J.P. Pfaff, Dr. Steven Smith, Dr. Nicholas Sharp, Dr. Sue Paul-Fisher, Dr. Segal Swolen and Dr. Richard Weed.
(CNN) -- Russia's controversial anti-gay propaganda law has sparked the "defining civil rights movement of our time" according to U.S. athlete Nick Symmonds.|||," writes in the American Society of Racial Equality. The organization is working to pressure Russian President Dmitry Medvedev to reverse the law. The United States wants Davis and Dyson to join it, so the movement can lift the legislation so it could be repealed by 2015. In their statement Monday, Davis and Dyson said they could not avoid taking part because they were "concerned about the importance of a historic moment in our sporting history." In July, 28-year-old competitive swimmer Tim Merritt, an openly gay Olympian, and his young son were detained in Moscow under the law -- allegedly for staging a protest of gay rights -- while working on a physical training plan. "I think it's a brave thing, and a huge commitment to transparency, in the activities of the Russian Federation," the team said in a statement Monday. CNN's Ben Wersman, Andrew Axelrod and Brett Jensen contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The University of Florida's health system is reviewing the application of a heart surgeon from Kentucky who came under scrutiny after a CNN investigation into the deaths of babies in his care.|||" nurses were studying a published doctor profile of Dr. Stephen Krook from the University of Louisville, Kentucky for grants related to pediatric cardiology. Krook donated about $2 million to a group to help treat babies in critical condition, the group stated. The group is now making its case. Krook's cardiology practice is among those in medical schools affiliated with the Vanderbilt University HealthSystem, which operates the University of Louisville's Beaumont Heart Institute.The researchers were looking for information about Krook, who was chairman of the board of trustees at the University of Louisville and served in surgery until 2007. When CNN inquired about the group, the university said it "will not release any details regarding the matter." In a statement, Krook's attorney, Richard Garrison, said he was pleased the board selected Krook and his team of cardiologists to help learn more about the family practice. He said the group was looking at developing "practical, robust evidence to demonstrate the impact of these interventional cardiology practices on patient outcomes." On Monday, the paper said Krook had led the Beaumont research, including at Vanderbilt's Medical Center, Sanford, and Louisville's HealthSouth hospitals.
New York (CNN) -- A review of forensic evidence in New York City rape cases has uncovered 26 incidents where critical evidence went undetected, prompting the city's medical examiner's office to look into more than 800 rape cases over 10 years, "reviewing and retesting everything."|||" samples were placed from the analysis-of-case, which includes two photographs, at the foot of rapes in victim's bodies, causing serious damage, according to the medical examiner's office. The identification of 14 positive tests helped lead to the destruction of 32 pages of evidence during the investigation. At least 18 sex crimes occurred inside the Forensic Evidence Center in the same New York medical examiner's office in September and October of last year, said Thomas Zellman, medical examiner for New York City. Investigators uncovered two lines of evidence, two at the same time, that had been removed from the crime scene and are still to be processed, according to the information provided by the examiner's office."This is one of the key areas," Zellman said. Over time, DNA testing failed more than 100,000 rape cases, according to the preliminary report by detectives at the medical examiner's office. "In 2007, we were in the process of a review of several sex crime examinations and the delay cost us a lot of time." Zellman said the dates of the 2004 investigations range from 2000 to 2009. After those investigations, four rape victims are convicted of murder or rape but the motive is not specified. Cases that remain unsolved, Zellman said, show "serious problems with the protocols" of the medical examiner's office. He said she "no longer has easy access" to the forensic evidence. In May, she said, police arrested four women charged with rape. "We're not just looking for clues to who committed these crimes but looking for more evidence," she said. "We still need a complete picture to know what happened." In August, Zellman said she had been "really struggling" with her career and had decided to make changes. She made the appointment for an independent investigation under the Office of Special Investigations, she said. "We just feel like we need to do a better job. The point of the review was to give her the perfect opportunity to really have control." Police have been searching for dozens of sexual assault suspects who were arrested for raping victims over a 10-year period. They arrested roughly 500 people. At one point in 2012, Biddle got behind bars. In March, the lawsuit was dismissed. Back in 2004, unidentified sex offenders in New York City raped 675, including two undercover officers who were arrested for obstructing and hindering the investigation, former New York Police Commissioner Anthony Gennaro said. But the DNA study over the 14 cases unearthed those same patterns of over-representation. The dating services data show there was a net rise in rapes in 2004. A women's network of advocates met last month to push for more robust forensic investigations. Zeellman said the rape statistics have been poor. Asked about the efforts, Zellman said there was no evidence that justice has been delayed. And to make matters worse, the five recent prosecutions are trying to force victims of sexual assault to not speak up. She said they have no leverage over the victims, saying most of the case files are sealed. "It's going to have to be something where the victim has to feel obligated," Zeellman said. For the office, the top priority is to make sure the women speak up, she said. She said she wants to help the families of each of the suspects. "The issue is public safety," she said. She said she has opened a dialogue with government officials and community members. "I have to empower them," she said.
New York (CNN) -- Health advisories were issued for four beaches in New York City Thursday evening as wastewater from a plant continued to discharge into the Hudson River, according to a press release from the New York City Department of Environmental Protection.|||Theosis -- -1.35 -- Causes water quality and the issue is human-created, the state Department of Environmental Protection said. But water quality of the Hudson River water is expected to improve in six to eight days, city officials said. The state said much of the body of water remains within a safe distance from sewage pools at the site, and beaches are accessible to citizens near the landfill. "To date, the Hudson River is remaining open and accessible to all New Yorkers and will remain open until late in the evening Wednesday," Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement. A second source of polluted water has been examined, the state said, and was not found. State Department spokeswoman Sharon McIntosh said crews have elevated the top monitoring line for phosphorous and high-sulfur solids at the operation in Bay Ridge, Staten Island. There was no sewage of the same quantity at the plant, so no dangerous high-sulfur plume was detected, she said. The plant is more than 50 years old, and last did a fracking project to release wastewater in 2001, McTwigdott said. The plant operates under a contract with the French parent company -- Total SA. The sewage plant wastes more than 200 million gallons a year, most of it in refrigerated tanks, she said. 'It was extremely challenging to do this job and hard to do this business,'" McIntosh told CNN. "It was an operation that we were deeply sorry for for the history and the living conditions." The plant is not currently producing any phosphorous, McIntosh said, but eventually the filtration system is supposed to produce the syringes that are no longer producing pollution. Lab tests are scheduled for this week to help determine whether there was any residual lead in the wastewater system. CNN's Samantha Torres contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In a matter of minutes, a way of life disappeared in Hackleburg, Alabama.|||In a warehouse at Hackleburg, Al, almost seven hours after news reported about a fire that ravaged up to 200 homes and cleared businesses, five residents of the neighborhood were rescued. One little dog, Monta Garth, ran up to strangers to bark and bark at them. Their babysitter looked on uneasily. In the darkness, a strange young thing stood with the bodies of its loved ones. "He's a cowboy with a name, a cowboy with a name. The name is Monta Garth, and he turned my world upside down," said Barbara Hatch, who drove out of the neighborhood in a flatbed trailer truck carrying some construction materials. The base of the flagpole building was just a few feet away from her. She retrieved guns, which she said, made it difficult to save the home. The fire caused residents' homes to blow up, she said. It was as if they were abandoned overnight. "I thought they just stashed things here and ran off to wherever," she said. One of her tears was in front of three elderly men standing together in their cars, bundled into suitcases. "I didn't think they would ever come back," she said. "Here was someone that I loved." For decades, potter, winemaker, artist and veterinarian Jerry Cooper was also someone of some renown. Each year for the past 30 years he helped build many of the world's buildings, ultimately building 150, or so homes to house his collection. Other man-made structures were also mentioned during interviews in the community this year. Last week he founded the Microteck.co robotics organization. Click here to access a video from Microteck.org. "We broke it all down and put it back together, cleaned the blocks of metal," Cooper told CNN Friday. "In exchange, we would do this job for free." "We can produce this product, and we are just going to start using it," he said. "We are making a full-size build of a minivan at 220,000 pounds," Cooper said. People began talking about the whole process Friday night, saying it would be an adventure if they would come home that night, but much harder to be there the next day.
(CNN)An ISIS outfit based in northeastern Syria has been drawing up plans since at least the middle of last year to kidnap Westerners and others in neighboring countries, a Middle East security source told CNN on Friday.|||The list shows several cases of the 28-page document, the oldest detailing the method and locations, but not the questions. [...] IS has said it wants to transport Syrian government officials and other Westerners to Jordan to participate in a swap. In its 26th installment of a series of daily reports, ISIS says it has captured a "militant" in central Syria -- U.S.-born Somali-born Ahmad Ibrahim from the City of Raqqa and plans to transport him south.  IS has a similar program in Homs province as well. On Friday, Islamic State pledged its willingness to support a four-month "wars" in eastern Syria that they are planning to spearhead against al Qaeda and the United States. ISIS says it will take responsibility for whether any rebel kidnappers are harmed in the ensuing battles. CNN's Susanne Pabbott and Leah Maalouf contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Another "Real Housewives" divorce is on the way.|||Thecerebrity won't get back together for the seventh time this week as Kim Zolciak-Biermann announced at a press event Tuesday that she and Robert Mueller are getting a divorce on "Real Housewives of New York.""Kim and Robert are planning a prenuptial agreement to come back together," said Lisa Vanderpump, of "RHONY." "We don't have the best timing in America these days for this," she added. The couple previously split after five years of marriage. (Watch "Real Housewives" in its entirety every Sunday night, starting on CBS at 9 p.m.) They've remained faithful to each other since their split, Vanderpump shared. They raise three kids together, Perris -- one with girlfriend Kelly Sawyer -- and Erika -- one with biological father Robert Mueller. The two also share a daughter, Caylie. Denise remarked that Vanderpump is a wonderful person. She said, "She's not a horrible person, she just has a tough job." At one press event in Beverly Hills, Leanne and Richie Zolciak hugged and presented a joint t-shirt with their kids -- Shelley, 26, and Vivien, 20 -- on it. Props to Nelle's husband for marrying Kelly. The former Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star said she wanted her family, friends and career ahead. "I have so much hope for this country, a big city, and a beautiful community," Verpump said. With all the hoopla over the divorce, did Milani Gorka, Cynthia Nixon and Hillary Swank deserve more attention? "Yes, we do," she responded to a fan who suggested that Aneesh Chaganty had too much money. "She's got this money, we've been paid millions of dollars. Duh," said Lani Handel, 44, of Beverly Hills. Insiders guessed that Michael Miner, Rachel Beeman, 40, and Jane Curtin, 47, also hope to be married this year. There has been speculation that all three women are divorcing. Pre-baby Spice, 29, was married to sculptor Hugh Hefner. Former Navy SEAL Dominique Hicks, 31, separated from husband Will Trott, 31, in September. The mother-of-three and teacher-of-four also divorced David Withaar.
(CNN) -- Cadel Evans secured Australia's first ever Tour de France victory after the 21st and final stage of the historic race culminated on the streets of Paris.|||For Evans and his Australian team, the Tour de France has only ever been won by Australians; for the 1999 triumph, Scott Solomons. They finished 10th this year as Spain's Fabio Aru took the yellow jersey. "It's been a thrill and a great time for the team and for me," Evans said. "We are so very happy to be a part of it and the total grand tour in the history of the sport." Evans finished eight minutes 22 seconds clear of defending champion Geraint Thomas of Britain, who kept his composure and delivered a superb tactical sprint in the final kilometer in Tre Mottélodge, concluding 60.6km (37.4 miles). The Welshman eventually attacked and edged his team mate home to the winning climb of Portetes, but had the yellow jersey to himself once he finished. Seconds later, World Tour officials reeled off a win by champion Tinkoff-Saxo's Fabio Aru, who became the first Australian to win a Tour stage in history when he stormed clear of his Belgian rivals in the second kilometer in Tre Mottélodge. Thanks to a strong effort by the small peloton, Aru crossed in 38.7km (30.4 miles). When victorious, the experienced Belgian cyclist will cross the line trailing by just 13 seconds at 5:57.55 -- 27 seconds clear of the American, who made an impressive solo move to the line. Tinkoff-Saxo's self-confessed self-professed self-proclaimed self-confessed biggest nightmare is their past few "rockstars," and he has ditched Evans to have a crack at looking after themselves. Evans initially complained about the group he formed with Aru, a squad made up of his former team-mate William Brosnan and Australian Oleg Tasnavorov, but sprinter Esteban Chaves and prodigy Alioune Bakhtiar showed his feet in the climbs to the finish line to seal victory. Evans' team-mate, Romain Bardet of the race's other defending champion, told Sky Sports: "It was great that Cadel needed to go for it, but he deserved to be one of the leaders of this group because he has been amazing over the last few days. "I was really, really happy for him because the way that the team worked for him. He is the only one that has deserved this race and he's a good rider and he didn't give up. "The way the team is working for him is fantastic. "We know that he is really dedicated and you can see that in his face. He just has to ride for everything and he is 100 percent. "He will take it." Evans added: "My goal on this race is to finish in the top 20. It's done now. "The race is very simple, a grand tour for each rider, every time. "It's hard and the conditions are probably the toughest but the way that Tour de France is playing out means it's not far out of reach for everyone and no one is immune to taking the next step."
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods doesn't have a great record in team events, especially in light of his stellar solo achievements, but the world No. 1 helped the United States win the Presidents Cup for the fifth successive time Sunday.|||Woodings was perfectly balanced as the United States' entire team began the year on the same stage, representing the Western Hemisphere in Washington, D.C. on Saturday. The Americans were confronted by stiff competition to win their first Presidents Cup in 38 years after a one-shot victory on Friday and an expected fight from the home side -- provided their star player Chris Wood didn't end up in the water -- even before the 11th hole on the final day of the event. "He looks a genius there," veteran Jim Furyk said of Woods. "Just unbelievable. Just outstanding." Yet Woods' team somehow produced a near flawless show to claim the trophy for a 10th time. Wood, a four-time winner in the Presidents Cup, led the United States with a 1-under 69. He missed the cut again this time, but tied for fifth."He's just got to go and play better," Furyk said. "You can't take that away from the guy." Woods shot an eagle of four on the front nine, while fellow Americans Justin Rose, Johnson and Bubba Watson all added a birdie. A tough-luck England captain, Paul McGinley, had the American's entire team in trouble when they went double bogey on the 14th hole -- as the white-suited team failed to take a birdie. "Quite frankly, it was pretty embarrassing," Furyk said, "because their captain, you know, pretty much looked like he was going to pull us over the edge, but we actually played pretty well until that point."
(CNN) -- The European Parliament recently voted on a bill titled "Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU." A laudable goal, for sure -- but activists characterized the bill as a Trojan horse with chilling effects on free speech and opinion. The response from the European Parliament left much to be desired in terms of respect for democracy and voters.|||The EU is an "allies" club, not a unitary bloc, so when the texts first were released, it was business as usual. Instead of embracing the proposed changes as legislation that could actually be implemented in major European institutions, some legislators started the process of kicking the ball between the coals by passing a law that you can't change what happens before the final vote. According to the European Parliament's media laws, the rights of women to stand up and express themselves and their political views in public now matter more than ever before. The changes also violate the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights and indeed, European Communities Act of 1995, made by then-President Jacques Delors, author of Gender equality: treaties established under a conciliatory spirit between members of the Community (in effect, the Union for the perpetuation of gender equality in the EU) and minorities, a critical legal tool. So lawmakers are refusing to move on to adopt the new laws, stalling them in EU capitals, claiming they would endanger European security and democracy. Without another vote, the bill -- along with a number of other bills -- will not go anywhere, and the attempts to force changes to the law might cost our democratic institutions their popularity. It's a no-win scenario for everyone. Even if successful, it's not a revolution. Real democracy does not work like this. Indeed, under the threat of an invasion of the EU, it has already shown signs of being undermined -- if not sabotaged -- by the political parties in the EU. (What more should a revolution call for? How do we know for sure that there isn't an invasion of the world?) Read more: 1,086 men jailed for exercising their rights to free speech in Britain. Watch: The lives of a German woman and two others.
(CNN)Cigarettes have been put out across the bars of New Orleans. Cigars are welcome no more.|||New Haven, Missouri, has banned smoking in its bars. Such an order passed Monday marked a dramatic shift in etiquette for the booming Mississippi Delta city. Blues are still permitted. Cigars are deemed to be "nonsupportive," even as many of New Orleans' oldest bars come under less restrictive regulations. About 25,000 people per day patronize bars in New Orleans, two-thirds of which are black. The vast majority are of Louisiana descent and more than half of them were born here. "There have been massacres here," said the city's mayor, Ray Nagin. "Stabbed down people are still grabbing, were-bullying, beating people senseless and it's getting pretty bad out here." When an American seeks help, the answers are found across the region. Many of the businesses involved in the ban are "sobering now," Nagin said, with everyone saying the behavior isn't helping. "If anybody would like me to suggest they take another drink, they know what a local agent looks like who spends the night after a big event, and we can't do that every day," the mayor said. "And I know that any anonymous local could show up and say they smoke a cigarette here at 10:30 at night and they'd be set up." Cigarettes are banned at bars that register entrance fees of $50 in New Orleans, as well as $70 in New Orleans-area hotels, and $30 in extended stays. In some bars, police are parking their patrol cars in front of the affected establishments and directing patrons to leave the area. The law also gives city staff strict authority over the sale of tobacco products to customers who don't consent to the sale to a professional buyer. Obama, however, vetoed a recently proposed federal budget that included funds for subsidies for New Orleans firefighters to buy medical equipment to restore safe and effective fire protection systems to the city. Fire departments were already renovating several facilities to meet the state's oft-demanded health care standards.
(CNN) -- Wildfires burning across some 1.4 million acres in 12 states have forced the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses in one Texas county and claimed the lives of two firefighters in Florida, authorities said Tuesday.|||"An estimated 68,800 acres of smoke -- encompassing Texas and part of Florida -- have prompted several dozen counties and municipalities to be ordered to evacuate, including Jefferson and El Paso in Texas, said Sheriff John Cornett, according to KCOK. He said one Texas fire company reported that it was operating at 175 mph and alert authorities that firefighters were working toward extinguishing the flames. Another reported injury involved a firefighter who was killed during a firefight in Orange County, Texas. Wildfires along a stretch of western Florida erupted in December 2006 and reached the border state of Virginia and the Caribbean islands, authorities said. Those fires have since been contained in Florida and Georgia. Others are also smoldering on islands in the Florida Channel, Eyewitness News affiliate WESH reported. In California, about 74 percent of residents have evacuated due to wildfires, according to the California Interagency Fire Center. In the Gulf Coast region of Alabama, portions of New Hampton and James Island are under mandatory evacuation orders, the Texas Gov. Rick Perry said. Jackson County, which includes southern parts of Dallas, is preparing for evacuations because of a fire in Woodford County, the sheriff said. Approximately 8,000 others were evacuated in West and central Texas. CNN's Sam Gomez in Houston contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Video storytelling can be a very powerful thing. Moving images coupled with compelling sound can transport a viewer to a different place, inside the story. To achieve this level of storytelling you must be a technically sound shooter. Here are the basic tools and tips needed to become a great video storyteller.|||The tape (888) 655-1532 allows you to try out a new genre of storytelling: storytelling on digital platforms without the need for a video studio. These 'epic' stage shows aim to capture an expansive, tightly cut one-minute video of what a particular character looked like or did during the special event. Storytelling, which has proven to be a hit with America's journalism, requires both a trained professional and a bottom-of-the-barrel technical shooter with a first-rate camera. How could an audience get hooked on something so easily? Audio -- regardless of quality -- still provides a sense of realism, drama, and even sometimes intrigue. With the help of a mouthpiece or a headshot, you're sure to capture just what you need to understand a scene. But ideally, you shouldn't just rely on the pictures alone. Advise your camera's software to give you a full solution: Use timelapse and motion blur, tightrope walking, surround sound and special effects when it comes to your stock footage. From time to time, take a peek at your photos and videos to see how you can make your own. We feel that since people are often unprepared for the daunting challenge of sharing visually captivating, thought-provoking images, you should prepare yourself with the knowledge you will be using through the months and years to come. Every product is different and we've seen professional teams do their best work to make sure that our stories and videos are discovered by those who are inclined to enjoy them. You will also see on display this year what the premiere of "Christmas Making" brought to the market. If you're looking for specific tips for completing your shooting demo, follow this excellent guide: Advanced Shooting Techniques.
(CNN) -- Microsoft has announced its Surface tablets, due out late this year, at a time when security is a growing concern for users of mobile devices.|||Microsoft's announcement highlights a number of reasons for potential adoption -- longer than people think -- of e-mail and not just a personal Web browser. But Microsoft devices are now being targeted for use in office work. A report from the Gartner Corp. says e-mail and other digital content is the "next generation of attack." It is considered a major problem for information sharing on mobile devices. Gartner's recent report details various tools that agencies have used to investigate and block potentially malicious threats to mobile users and other electronic content. The research was done in conjunction with dozens of companies, including the HP, Dell, U.S. Airways and Comcast. The report, "The application vulnerability gap: Microsoft Surface tablets," was published in the May issue of The Guardian, a UK-based online newspaper.
(CNN) -- If you access Facebook via the Web browser on a "feature phone" -- a simpler, less powerful cousin to the smartphone -- your experience might improve significantly over the next few weeks.|||Two weeks ago, Facebook partnered with Office 365 to offer a free one-month trial of Facebook for its feature phones, starting in late July. The launch comes with new features like "bookmarks" and a countdown clock. (Once you've enabled the new features, you'll get a "How to" page at the top of the page. Today's feature phones come with Windows Phone 8 or Android-based smartphones. You can see a gallery of how the Facebook updates are going over so far ». Users need to support the new features by using their existing Flash videos as an example.
(CNN) -- Let's assume you live in Utah, Hawaii or South Carolina, and you go to Nevada for a vacation. While in Las Vegas, you spend some money in the casinos.|||Police: Advertisement for Tuesday, January 2. (Copyright 2012 CNN.) CNN's sister station KTVK-TV in Salt Lake City began compiling a list of comments made by casino patrons regarding money spent in Las Vegas. Some commenters complained that they heard negative talk on casino authority, including comments by employees at the Fremont Street casino. All spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity because they didn't want to be identified. "These attitudes toward casinos are wrong," said one commenter. CNN's Kendall Bachok contributed to this report. Amy Loven contributed to this report.
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A construction worker found what appears to be a World War II-era bomb Thursday afternoon at a work site on Hong Kong Island, prompting evacuations in the area, police told CNN.|||"In a tweet, Hong Kong Police chief Andy Leung said, "We have evacuated many residences and this is a matter of investigation." He said the bomb was discovered Thursday in a property belonging to the department of marine engineering that is connected to the Corps of Engineers. Traffic was being diverted and cars are moving slowly, he said. Hundreds of people were evacuated from the area, he said."Those who were vacuuming up garbage in the area have evacuated it, and police are also evacuating evacuees from other nearby homes," Leung said. "One unit was seen carrying two vehicles. The order to evacuate the area was issued by the police in conjunction with the Ministry of Transport. "Military police was at the site of the incident before 5 p.m. and directed the evacuations to take place at 8 p.m., Leung said. Police have notified Hong Kong Island Immigration." "Consequences will include exclusion of people from some places that are affected." Leung said that people were cleared from the park Thursday evening. Local news reports on Twitter said police were sending heavy police and fire vehicles to the site. No one was hurt. CNN's Suki Oho contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- The Obama administration has selected 43 more technology specialists as Presidential Innovation Fellows to help the government devise new ways to operate better and save money, President Barack Obama announced Monday.|||" Executive order creates a $1 million grant from the Pew Charitable Trusts to support 14 more Fellows in innovation in the White House Office of Presidential Innovation. All the Fellows will study whether the taxpayer is subsidizing for or providing technology or other services that support each branch of the government. The government spends about $4 billion a year on government innovation. Fifty-three scientists and engineers participated in the competition, using the U.S. Department of Defense to develop ideas. Each will receive $10,000. Eight of the Fellows, which will span four years, will receive cash prizes and a presidential grant in exchange for their work. The remaining Fellows will receive $1,500. All but one will receive travel benefits in exchange for their work, say officials. All of the Fellows will use their experience and expertise to enhance existing federal programs to benefit people and the government. The four-year grant is funded in every federal area as long as the spending is within the U.S. budget limit set in September 2009. Together, these Fellows will consult the White House on federal issues and stimulate public debate about agency reform proposals and funding opportunities to support federal agencies and programs. Throughout the country, researchers and executives are working with the participants to develop solutions. While this latest initiative builds on the growth of government-funded innovation, it also helps NASA reach its strategic priorities on climate change, the environment and innovation, which the White House described as one of the biggest challenges facing the U.S. economy. Last year, other scientists, including Paul F. Munsey, Sherry Mary Cannon and Ben Kohlberg, gained immunity from prosecution for their work. And 25 federal researchers were given special awards. Chief Technology Officer Chanelle Lamont-Glennon made 23 referrals for research grants. The Obama administration is also encouraging the winners to apply to other top-tier research groups that include the United States National Academy of Sciences, the American Enterprise Institute, the National Science Foundation and the National Academy of Engineering. In addition, the Fellows will receive a "job-and-family" stipend for their expertise. The merit awards give the Fellows a stipend of $1,000 a year for five years, the White House said. Moreover, one of the Fellows will receive $1,000 a month for living expenses -- an amount that could increase under fiscal 2013. Some of the applications have already been submitted, and almost half, or nearly half, have been accepted, the White House said. Read more about the National Academy of Sciences Innovation Prize » Next, we look at the White House proposals. Despite threats of mass shootings and investigations, the United States entered a "creative fiscal year" in which the nation spent $1 billion in fiscal 2013, down from the same year in fiscal 2011, the White House said. President Barack Obama's administration unveiled its inaugural "innovation pipeline" Monday and will examine spending trends in a variety of areas, including defense, public education, state and local agencies, foreign aid and oil and gas development. There is no time limit on how the progress must be made if public awareness and job creation is included.
Chhukha, Bhutan (CNN) -- Bhutan is the last of the Himalayan kingdoms. The small country is situated in the nooks and crannies of the highest mountain range on earth.|||Apt view of "my legacy." The Buddhist kingdom was founded in 1865 by famous peacekeeper Gelzog Wangchuck. He helped freedom fighters and converts of Tibetan Buddhists and many other religions come to power and free themselves from imprisonment and the path of sin, the rule of the Ulf family. His brother-in-law died in 1960, because of differences over drug policy. Assail Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is chairman of the Royal and Guardianship Council. Yet the country still does not have the rule of law it was once. One in six people in Bhutan live below the poverty line. More than 65% of people are women in Bhutan. A population of over 37 million, it is India's eighth largest nation, and the world's largest Buddhist nation. The population grew 16% between 1995 and 2001, with a demographic of 78%. With population of 559,000 in 2007, the Bhutanese population is the seventh-largest in the world. The Bhutanese currency is 10,800 dalai. Out of the 32,800 in India, Bhutan has the third-largest number of districts in Nepal -- all in the south. Health care crisis is still sweeping west. Nepal, the base of many of the world's most destructive diseases, has the world's worst health crisis. 2 Gyalpo communities, 45,000 people within 600 km (300 miles) of Bangkok. Death toll climbs to 2.4 million. Accidents and natural disasters have increased since 2000. At least 1,574 people have been killed in the kingdom, according to the United Nations. The vast majority of them were landslides. Health experts attributed the large number of deaths to massive landslides on the Bajrakhel, also known as the Lake Tobgay, and smaller landslides along the Dhaulagiri in Nepal. In the state capital, Morbi, but many untroubled families make their homes for self-reliance in hard and unstable periods, such as 2008. Public demonstrations have also taken place in recent months. On Monday, police attempted to intervene when one of the boy's parents died from a fall. 1. Bhutanese highlanders march during independence celebrations.
(CNN) -- Soccer star Nicolas Anelka has sparked controversy after making a gesture one French government official called "shocking" and "disgusting."|||The Games will take place Monday against Anderlecht, the French second division team, but S.L. Monaco look to draw further inspiration from the game, more than anyone else playing, away from the same ground. Soccer's governing body FIFA issued a statement on Tuesday condemning "an aggressive and discriminatory gesture that embodies modern society." The federation also gave Lionel Messi's team, Manchester City, two points, saying Anelka violated FIFA's Champions League and FA Cup playing regulations when he complained of foul play from Spain's Lionel Messi at Sunday's La Liga match. The coach apologized to the team, and apologized for what he called an action that was "profane." The U.S. national team later on Saturday was also in Uruguay, and agreed to withdraw Anelka from its starting lineup, FIFA said. According to French soccer federation president Michel Platini, the team would also withdraw African players from their club teams, Europe and the World Cup. The U.S. is holding an international camp in Tenerife, southwest Spain, to study practices for next year's World Cup. The incident comes amid a new World Cup controversy that has drawn attention to human rights and concerns over the levels of violence in both Spain and France. The head of FIFA in the Middle East issued a statement Wednesday calling "the behavior he suffered at the hands of a critic what he calls "horrendous" and seeking to ensure safe passage through the Arabian Peninsula.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada -- LeBron James put on another shooting clinic in a 118-81 rout of Argentina as the United States locked up a tournament gold medal to go with an Olympic berth at the FIBA Americas Championship on Sunday.|||The Cavaliers forward LeBron James had 33 points, 12 rebounds, six assists and five blocks in 37 minutes of production during a huge road victory over Argentina on Sunday. It was the latest of many big wins in the USA's campaign for the gold medal that could ultimately result in a trip to the 2012 Olympics. He took the lead for good with 2:04 remaining when he converted a 3-pointer from the wing and added a layup at the buzzer to put the U.S. up by 19. Brazil was hit 7-of-21 and committed 24 turnovers to U.S. point guard Marco Belinelli, who had 26 points and seven rebounds. James also has grabbed eight boards to go with his six assists, seven rebounds and four steals. He also had three blocks. "We locked down a win and it showed how dedicated we are to our team and we know what it takes to win an Olympic Games," he said. "Our bench stood up and did a great job. All the best players stepped up and made some big plays. We wanted to win the gold medal." United States' loss is the first to Argentina since 1984. Argentina, which was competing for its first of two gold medals, improved to 1-3 in the finals. In addition to beating Spain, Argentina beat Argentina on Saturday for the first time since 1957. Brazil beat Brazil at home.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN)ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site.|||Officials contend that ISIS militants took control of the refinery during fierce gunbattles Saturday evening. There was no immediate information on casualties or injuries. Overnight, militants held several buildings around the facility and called for more rockets and artillery fire, Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi said. The interior ministry claims it's targeting ISIS "illegal" chemical weapons and snipers.
(CNN) -- A 32-year-old Saudi Arabian who has crusaded for women to drive in her country said she was stopped Saturday for driving a car -- even though there is no law against it.|||The car stop might have been stopped if Al-Faisal were a man. Al-Faisal, a director and lawyer, would have been called a "concerned citizen" because he was stopped by the Saudi Interior Ministry, the Saudi Press Agency said. Instead of being issued a warning notice or even fined for not wearing a seat belt, the 32-year-old grandmother, who holds a masters degree in Christian studies, says she was questioned, fingerprinted and taken into custody for three hours. Al-Faisal told AFP's Mina Salman that the government is trying to establish a curfew as a last-ditch effort to ensure women are not driven while driving. In Saudi Arabia, women are not allowed to drive vehicles in public but the government permits "unauthorized" women to rent or purchase them. Human rights groups have called the measure "unconstitutional" because it places women in an unfamiliar and unequal legal position. Al-Faisal told Al-Jazeera that the man stopped her because she was "asking him for a favor." The car in front of Al-Faisal's home in the town of Sadeq was burning up. According to the expat newspaper, investigators were waiting for the women's chauffeur, but al-Faisal said when they found him, he didn't see anything wrong with his car. Al-Faisal said her license was not suspended, and that he has not pressed charges against her. "He didn't ask for any information about my driver's license, or anything, so I can't say he took this action," she said. "He did do a DNA test on my car, which he didn't do because he knew I was pregnant." She did not give details of the operation. But all Saudi women -- whether men or women -- are told to attend -- not to assume the same role. Al-Faisal said she initially hoped to board a flight to Riyadh and work as a chauffeur for a few days. But after waiting for the all-female Saudi royal wedding, she decided to seek an opportunity to study law. Al-Faisal told Al-Jazeera that men can't serve as chauffeurs. Under the kingdom's laws, women can not drive, although in the past, female drivers served in the royal family's reserves and counted on the army to accompany their husbands to and from work. In October 2012, Al-Faisal was awarded the Freedom of Saudi Arabia while traveling to Saudi Arabia on a trip with her friend in the her parents' family. While at the wedding, she was asked to drive by the taxi stand. Other drivers also attempted to help her, although they were not allowed, she said. She later visited a Saudi secondary school in a wheelchair because she could not see properly, she said. Currently, women in Saudi Arabia driving is illegal. Last year, a federal judge decided that women should be given the right to drive, although she was given temporary permission for herself to drive a car. "At this point I have done enough driving that I am no longer a victim of harassment and discrimination," Al-Faisal told al-Jazeera. In addition, Al-Faisal was given a chance to say her prayers Friday evening -- all necessary in the Middle East. Al-Faisal told Al-Jazeera that she was told to leave soon after her appearance, but she was too late. Al-Faisal told CNN that the funeral was peaceful and no one asked for her to go. Al-Faisal insisted that the event was a "silly, cruel dream" and that she had not been invited to officiate.
(CNN) -- Pirates traded gunfire with Togo security forces early Tuesday from a hijacked oil tanker off the west coast of Africa, the International Maritime Bureau said.|||The shipping group, the pirates claimed it had refuelled their overloaded schooner Juan Belafonte loaded with around 40,000 barrels of crude oil, Reuters reported. It's unclear how long the gang members had been at sea. Attackers returned fire, according to French authorities and a World Bank statement. The ship, which was struck about 4 p.m. local time (3 a.m. ET), was presumed to have caught on fire after midnight, emergency responders said. The incident took place in the Atlantic Ocean as the 80,000 barrels of crude were loaded from the San Bazia, or Seychelles, carrier, the agency said.
(CNN) -- A volcano erupted Thursday in Guatemala, prompting officials to evacuate 35,000 residents, a spokeswoman for the Red Cross told CNN.|||Guatemalan authorities, have issued a medical alert about a 2.2-meter-high volcano in Guatemala that erupted Thursday afternoon. The alert, which listed the type of volcanic ash that could fall, was issued for Almagro volcano in Chimaltenango. That's the same area to which the Nevado del Cuerca, or Great Wall of Guatemala, which erupted Thursday evening. Emergency officials were originally told more than 1,600 people should be evacuated, Guatemalan Red Cross spokesman Bob McSpadden said. He declined to say how many were inside the evacuation order. Responding team members said they'd evacuated about 1,000 homes in the Azatan neighborhood, while about 600 people were being evacuated. Earlier, authorities closed roads and overturned a hillside near the volcano, where they say a small group of 17 people were injured. About 60 people were injured by fire, officials said.
(CNN) -- Kenya's bar association is calling for the prosecution of men who publicly strip women because of the way they dress.|||However, this week the Kenyan Bar Association condemned male street paraders who have interrupted trains in recent weeks when they pretended to strip women they see because they wore saris or blouses. "I will urge the public authority to ban street parades by the majority of male street characters," said the Association president Caroline Mutua Muthua, a lawyer. Police haven't responded to requests for comment. Unburdened by space constraints, the male paraders say they will continue to parade women around in a building they own for as long as they want, the bar association says. The men make it an offense to strip women in public, while an official tradition is to allow the women to walk around freely and without their clothes removed. Lawyers on the debate include Dee Waring, attorney for Sanitha Tumu, who wrote on Facebook this week: "This way of enforcing public opinion will inhibit our ability to effectively prosecute known criminals who take advantage of the public's poverty and insecurity." Kenyan police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Jomo Kenyatta National Park. With Jomo Kenyatta's fallen reputation, many Kenyans still fear retribution. Saturday's rise in protests has sent plunging U.S. stock prices, sending dollar-denominated bonds tumbling and sending foreign investors fleeing to risk their currencies. After three men in the Kenyan capital were arrested on Friday after they were accused of flaunting their breasts in public, Kenya's Freedom for Women blocked a deal with local banks to charge a fee and award a fine of 500,000 Kenyan shillings ($9,570) to the men. Kenyans are also trying to expand the legal definition of gender identity and recognize it as a biological right, allowing it to encompass other identities, too. The good Samaritans have presented "live cases of women behind the bars" that are in conflict with the law, this week's groups of lawyers said. Lawyers from other countries have also come forward to offer the legal equivalent of a manifesto calling for prosecution of such sex offenders. Read more: Lawmakers want Kenya to sanction public street parading. Please see our magazine for more.
(CNN) -- To Sam McNair, a 17-year-old high school senior in Duluth, Georgia, it was an innocent hug.|||Last Friday's rare shooting happened on Interstate 20 near Douglas, south of Atlanta. It wasn't one of the sort of "in your face" shootings that are perhaps more common on the news. This horrific event unfolded in the Georgia town of Ridge. Texas lawyer Fred Hays told CNN affiliate KWTX that "unless you were feeling threatened or scared, it's not worth it for anyone to shoot a 12-year-old. For years, people treated minorities and Muslim and brown people alike as threats or targets, and treat black people and other minorities as criminals. "If there's a cop around, you hear him out. How does he handle that?" Hays said. "It does get a little tricky. No one is going to be constantly yelling, 'go home.' They're going to be drugged. They're going to be sneaking out," he said. At least one case of underage violence has spread to African countries, according to Hays. More than 25 days after the shooting, no charges have been filed in that incident and it hasn't impacted hundreds of people. On Wednesday, McDaniel's mother, Tracy, found him in her bedroom and posted a heartfelt message on Facebook, pleading for a safe return. Tim McNair, 34, once suffered one of the worst cases of gun violence. Despite that, more than 3,400 people in America were fired this year. Almost 10,000 people nationwide, 38 percent of them on college campuses, according to the National Center for Health Statistics. "I'm happy to live in a country where good men and women are working together to fulfill their potential," McNair posted on Facebook. "This is what our country needs to do to get things back to where they should be." For all of the men who sought her out, McNair has never hurt anyone. She followed her social justice goals to make sure the people she loves don't feel limited or alone. With that mission in mind, she's taking her 8-year-old daughter to be her guardian angel. With that responsibility, she's not a stranger to violence. "I just want people to know that good men can do anything they want," she wrote on Facebook, adding that her hands were "barely clenched."
(CNN) -- A woman climbed a barbed wire fence at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Nova Scotia, Canada, on Sunday with the intention to stop the plane she thought was carrying her husband, said a Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman.|||One of the victim is dead. He was a 72-year-old man from Halifax, Nova Scotia, according to a lieutenant with the Halifax Regional Police. He was loaded on his back, survived, and was expected to survive. The 46-year-old woman is facing two counts of second-degree murder in relation to the incident, which occurred at 7:02 a.m. (1302 GMT) Sunday, the police department said in a news release. She was being questioned in provincial court in Halifax, said the spokesman. No others were being detained in relation to the incident, he said. Earlier, Port Authority of Canada Safety Commissioner Robert Wissink said he was unaware of the incident. "Through the marshals last night I don't believe anyone other than one suspect was involved in any incidents of this type," Wissink said. Also, he said that it was unclear whether the suspect was with a body. "I'm concerned for the safety of all Nova Scotians," he said. The air tower fire and ensuing chaos included police using tear gas, their lights and S-BAR scanners, he said. In addition, three area police departments involved with the incident were also asked to be "extra vigilant," the statement said. "Earlier this month, the public was advised by New Brunswick Health Services that there may be some property damage which may occur from the high-velocity speed of traffic at the time of the incident," it said. The Air Traffic Management Center is being investigated. However, authorities also are concerned about the security situation surrounding all three airports in Nova Scotia. "In this particular case, there is concern for public safety and a risk to passengers and employees," said Pasquale Daniel, a security spokesman for Halifax Stanfield International Airport. "Our hearts go out to those killed by this act of violence." Daniel said there were no passengers on board when the ambulance arrived. The person who was attempting to stop the plane belonged to the suspect and was not injured, Daniel said. Still, Daniel said, all the witnesses had been cooperating with the investigation. Still, Daniel said the police are concerned about an aviation safety issue in Canada. John Lombardo, a spokesman for the RCMP, declined to comment. CNN's Ina Hildyk contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A fatal train derailment south of Paris was caused by a part disconnecting from the switching mechanism on the tracks, the head of the French national railway company said Saturday.|||Danielie, a large train that a younger man on board said earlier he hoped "he was riding by his bike. "I just want to stop -- something in France made me start walking." The rider was on a second train, which collided with another vehicle. The driver was himself killed, investigators said. The cause of the accident was not known. The investigation is continuing, Jérôme Eric told CNN's Sophie Tsui. Police are "looking" for passengers and police chief in Poitiers, a town some 275 kilometers (170 miles) south of Paris, said Bruno Gruneger, the port's director. Since the accident, some 90 passengers have been evacuated. "I am sure these are the very first victims of the French government who have been the victims of crimes," the airport's chief airport official said. "Everyone involved is shocked. It's traumatizing and we are very sorry." Police at the scene are removing people from the rubble. Fuming drivers of the two passenger trains involved in the crash were the first on the scene, Forest police said. The main train on the line was stuck for an hour. The third train was still stopped on the side of the track, with all the passengers evacuated. About 350 minutes later, the last train on the train was able to make it off the line, the Port Police said. The second train came due, about three hours later. Picasso Lake was just to the south of Puy-de-Dôme, where a train carrying 350 people derailed about 4 kilometers (2 miles) from the station in Pont-Aisne-du-Rhout. It was unclear how many people were injured and why the crash occurred, the Port Police said. About 400 people were rescued and about 200 remained in hospital Saturday. Gov. Manuel Valls spoke of his shock at the crash, blaming the tragedy on "illitude on the part of some of those who were on board". Tuesday, reporters from Normandy and Schottland in Northern England asked authorities about a crash between two passenger trains near Amsterdam. Authorities detained six people and destroyed 13 cars, with the train's speed going as far as 89 mph and at least 10 wheel strikes on a fourth car that failed to stop, the statement said.
(CNN) -- Members of North Korea's women's Olympic soccer team walked off the field Wednesday when the flag of South Korea was mistakenly flashed on the big screen before their match against Colombia.|||The Korean team's flag was displayed briefly on the field and a TV commentator noted that the switch had been made, but N. Korea kept playing its anthem over the news coverage. The group marched off the pitch and was escorted off the field by South Korean patrol, South Korea's unification ministry said. "The players didn't want to leave the field," said Kim Ju Hyuk, an official with the North's Ministry of Unification. "That's why we took no further action." South Korea has sent out the U.N. peacekeeping mission, South Korea's ambassador to the United Nations, and the national flag had been displayed on the field for 72 minutes when the officials interrupted the game at 1:28 p.m., South Korea Time. The announcement came just as fans at Pusan Olympic Stadium were hooting "Kim Jong Il," referring to the North Korean leader. The South Korean cheering squad was chanting that they had to go, too. Their "parade victory" started less than a minute later, and Korean soccer erupted. One fan shouted, "President Ki." and some chanted "F--- you, N. Korea! What's wrong with you?" Another said the team was beaten to tears, other fans held their hands out, and North Korean riot police rushed onto the field. Earlier Tuesday, President Park Geun-hye responded by posting a photo on Twitter showing North Korean flags on the field as a fan held a sign with the word, "Kim Gyeong-soon." The national flag, as seen on the side of the pitch, also was also aimed at the South Korean game. CNN's Diana Lee, Seo-jin Kim, and Tuong Han-young contributed to this report.
FUMICINO, Italy (CNN) -- Under a canopy of elegant Italian pines, the foundations of a mini Roman Coliseum are at once unmistakable and exhilarating.|||Others lay along the short path, including the cobbler. Five and a half-million. Mirella della Rocca, Italy's first dictator, died at age 85 in October. We don't know exactly what kind of forces she was under. But she left behind the song of the same name.One of the purpose-built facilities, which replaces the current Fumicino Coliseum in the north of the city, dates from the first century. The ring around the reconstructed villa house in the center of the town still looks authentic and will probably be restored to its original glory at some point. Before the discovery of the site, experts compared it to a digital "3D picture" of the original columnid structures. But then, as they were discovering Roman temples and older statues, even more fainter one-timers imagined themselves walking among the walls and pillars.Older ruins of many monuments around the world have held fast in stone. These include about 150 Christian shrines dating from ancient Rome. Archaeologists are seeing parallels between the excavations and today's mammoth structures, some 4,000 square meters of new construction that is likely five times the size of the current Mussolini's original Rome's Coliseum. It is the first of many rebuilding projects in Italy, due to take years. Opinion: The infrastructure building will form the foundations for the city that will be named "Leonardo da Vinci" and built on the site. Outlining the path will be Maggie McIntyre. "Next it will be Turin, which is a large city with a long tradition in architectural architecture, from the world of ancient Rome." Editing by Ted Botha.
London (CNN) -- With her lashings of butter and flirtations with the camera, celebrity chef Nigella Lawson has charmed her many fans by turning everyday cooking into a more sensual experience.|||Niger (pronounced NIHM-lah-gese) Lawson is also known for her charming "dusky" TV images. Her more serious cooking photography has been in the news before -- on Twitter and the like. But this year she has been in the news even more. Lawson, who has a hit TV show and a penchant for photography, has been "singing to photographers." "I love the feeling of being cool... of being casual, of doing something seriously on camera, with my professional photos out there," she said. "I think one of the best things about being a TV chef is that you can do anything, be yourself." Lawson has been on a career high for the past year. That includes working at the eponymous TV channel. Lawson has landed a 40-year-academy award for Best of Britain, and holds a pinup position in Harper's Bazaar's 10 Most Beautiful People of 2009. Members of the public have been asking how she's kept up her steam in the years since her global fame rose to prominence. Earlier this year, the hit cookbook "Celebplate" was named "Mommy of the Year" by the Australian Book Awards. "I love cooking. I've always loved cooking," Lawson said. "It's my passion. "It's as simple as the kitchen." "I used to be very big into and very strict on the amount of butter in a recipe," Lawson told People magazine in 2011. "This was so hard for me to stop the butter. Even now I just have to stop." "To me, 'celebaste' simply means: Eat whatever you want, use whatever you taste." When asked to say what she thinks about sexy, Lawson's answer, "That you want, you get. And it's not all that delicious, it's just good. More spices and some cream." Never mind that, the result of all that sexy cooking is nothing special. I was definitely a fan from the very beginning, until my dusky photography got in the way. "I just liked watching the "Dumb and Dumber to the Man" episode," Lawson recalled. She often chalks that up to the diversity of kitchen and restaurant ingredients, as well as the way she does her food. There's a reason her recipes are regarded as "absolutely elegant." "I think everyone should be able to make anything they like, like a big lamb. Or fish. Or whether they can make a tortoise," Lawson said. "There's something about the flavoring that encourages me to want to try more things. "No wonder customers use Nigella, she is just brilliantly efficient." Lawson said she definitely misses making her food and is always looking for new ways to try new foods. "My parents cooked brilliantly all the time," she said. "We always had unbelievable meals. We only cooked because they were prepared properly. "Most of them. We never heard our own parents say 'do you do this. Can you take it apart?' We always thought that we had to do something." "It's one of the more basic things in cooking," Lawson said. "I just find that just messing around with ingredients can be really satisfying." In recent years, Lawson has become known for infusing her culinary work with a side of excitement. She also has tousled her hair -- and looks stunning in taffy and understated dresses. Let's not forget the many yummy foods she helps her guests prepare. "Every year she finds new recipes that make their lives much better," one critic said. "She's teaching us how to cook better each year. "It's like she's sitting in a little princess' dress, telling us everything's great when we try to eat the food. She's a really fantastic cook. "It's a lot of fun, but it's one of the hardest things to teach." She's always a patient, hard-working woman. It's obvious she understands people's real-life frustrations when things don't go the way they would like. "Even though a lot of people want their foods, she understands that every day is difficult. ... Nigella knows how hard it is to cook, and she makes every dish just a little bit different," said one friend of hers who uses her as an example. Ava Ellis at the "The Good Housekeeping" column with Stephanie Keltner is a food editor for CNN.
Beijing (CNN) -- Liu Ming Xing is a student at Jin Wei Elementary School, where her favorite class is music.|||The danger that's engulfing China. According to several experts, that is why Beijing government is seemingly emphasizing China's history and culture, rather than their citizens' rights and freedoms. That, in turn, adds to the economic pressure on the Asian nation's economy and social strife over the past week. Beijing can't afford to lose any more jobs, and if a new round of layoffs were to bring an end to the suffering in the country, some people would have to leave jobs they've worked for years. But in a town of 28 million people, a private university's fall represents a sign of deep divisions among workers who enjoy the city's relatively successful engineering fields and care for the environment. Last year, officials in Beijing announced that they will no longer build a Wenchuan Industrial Park in Huajian province. That change sparked the exodus of 3.4 million workers to Beijing -- leaving an estimated 8 million people working for the government and economy to fend for themselves. The combined population of Beijing and Huajian province in 2010 was more than three million. In comparison, in 2000, the population of the two cities was more than 9 million. Beijing continues to struggle to sell the traditional, state-centered, communism to its citizens. In an earlier article, the South China Morning Post reported that the city had hired 64 security officials in one day. Beijing remains fearful of the potential political fallout from what city's leaders are calling a "Chinese fundamentalist awakening." CNN's Michael Weiss contributed to this report.
HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- A man named Ernesto pressed an old-fashioned radio to his ear, listening to a baseball game roughly 5,000 miles away.|||The vast white ocean and the blazing sun of the Caribbean washed a glistening fog-hued landscape off of the Gulf of Maine. The Miami Marlins hosted the Florida Marlins, including Yoenis Cespedes -- their manager. It was a sad scene as Cuba is worried that the baseball team -- and the struggling Cuban economy -- will lose the 2010 U.S. Open to the visiting Mets. On Tuesday, the television was tuned to the American flag and, simultaneously, the Channel 8 satellite dish on Jered Upton's camp in Wyoming. The Yankees lead the Orioles 2-1. It was one of those sad days -- the Cuban baseball team is imploding -- and it all ended in tears. Game time was short. The U.S. opted to delay the game after an U.S. sailor died of an apparent heart attack during the game while trying to attend to a Cuban friend in a World Cup camp in San Antonio. Cuba also stayed away from the World Cup in New York City, preferring to play at home with its island neighbors. Hector Venegas, 75, said one cable TV channel was connecting its signal outside of Havana to the club's losses. Cuba's Tania Espinosa, 39, thought if Cuba reached 10 wins, the island would go to the Olympics. "The Cuban army will help us -- and the Cuban national team," Espinosa said. But once again, the decision to stay home is a decision ultimately made by Cuba's U.S. Embassy. "The government knows that baseball will not live up to the level of the World Cup and any event based in Tampa," Espinosa said. Cuban officials have refused to say exactly how the Cuban ball team, which had a lousy 2010 season, was being punished by the U.S. Despite the island nation's sharp economic recession, Cuba showed signs of having a good year in 2010. "In terms of education and social welfare, the Cuban state is a model country," the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Puerto Rico and the United States both boosted its international aid efforts in 2010 but are now seeking special measures to encourage investment in Cuba. FISH FOR RISK: Too few visitors in Cuba. Four Island nations sent their teams to five games between 2010 and 2014. The team in the former communist republic was blown out at 30-0. Cuban President Raul Castro announced that Cuba would send a special delegation to Russia in May. The Japanese government refused to recognize the Cuban government. The Americans sent an additional team of the World Cup team. Then China, Russia and Taiwan came to the rescue. Sixteen days later, the United States sent the team to China. Two nations -- China and the United States -- traded with Cuba. In Havana, Ernesto Reyes with a chunk of belongings and a few of his own pots. "We wanted to be as close to the people as possible," he said.
Producer's note: Everyone's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment.|||Lt Vin May, a business and pop culture writer who authored a list of key 2013 apps for smartphones and other media outlets, kicked off this month's Top Ten Apps of the Year. Collected from the most recent version of Forbes, The Top 10 App of the Year list included.
Ralph Baer, the inventor of the first home video game console, has died. He was 92.|||The TV series "American Vacation" will air before the series begins. "American Vacation" pilot Elon Musk is to host "American Vacation."  U.S. Olympic gymnast Naugahydee Blankenbaker will be playing, and she'll be a guest on this morning's "NBC Sunday Morning."
Kung fu movie star Jackie Chan says he "takes responsibility" for the drug charges laid against his son, 32-year-old Jaycee Chan, in Beijing.|||The,or "Room. "I find it hugely regrettable that in China, they might crush my son and seek to persecute him for stealing for their own private use," Jackie Chan wrote on his Instagram page. The celebrity actor posted about his son's arrest on November 7, 2015, saying he wants "to take responsibility for that incident, I can sincerely confess I was and am sorry for any mistreatment that any victim is likely to receive from other people." Yet it's clear that hundreds of thousands of others share his concern about the felony charges against the 40-year-old actor, who is accused of stealing more than $5,000 worth of drugs laced with heroin. "I believe as his father he is of sound mind to get answers," Jackie Chan wrote. On the site of his indictment in November, Jaycece Chan posted "I am no more than a medical student and an in-home worker, which is all there is to be. I hope all those crying out for justice for me and my son will forget how I felt." He was later hit with a murder conspiracy charge. "As a father I want to say that I am sorry and I'm extremely sorry. This tragedy will be dealt with by the legal system in due course," Jaycece Chan's post said. I talked to him soon after he was charged and he told me he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, worrying that people don't understand. The statements really hit home. Chan had commented several times after his son was detained that he was just a "schoolboy who wanted to go downhill for fun." Despite those statements, both he and his son have said they don't know what could have happened. The Shanghai Police Department said its investigations are closed, but the government has no official comment. Over the weekend, Jayce Chan said the future of his career was on hold. He wouldn't say whether he was looking for a different career. He said his son was now going to UCLA to study drugs. "I am sorry I'm not more qualified to speak for my son, the only thing I can say is I'm sorry." His son was released on bail and ordered to turn himself in to police. He has been living in China without official approval since his arrest. His case came under scrutiny as he was performing with his son in a Chinese martial arts tournament. The couple was attending the show with their mentor, renowned martial arts trainer D.J. Wong, who pushed them to leave as they were about to perform. On Monday the Chinese media reported that the show had crashed after a fight broke out. The couple, who were working on the fight, were both publicly implicated in the fight. Chan said Jaycece Chan's arrest was "a mistake."
(CNN)Can anything stop Pep Guardiola's irresistible Bavarian machine?|||The asked would Beekes believe that although Bayern have claimed three wins in five matches to open the season after the Champions League draw at Roma on Sunday, their fine form just stretches out to four now. Coaches have been about to remind their players of similar results in June, only to see one dropping point instead at a game that's lived with them for years: a 0-0 draw at the hands of AEK Athens on Sunday. Opponents are on the ropes after another draw at EPL rivals Southampton on Sunday, and second-strings Anderlecht are already up against it in the UEFA Cup.
(CNN) -- Colombians cast ballots in a hotly contested presidential vote on Sunday, but none of the five candidates running received enough support to win the election.|||And she will be sworn in on Sunday, the newspaper said. Moreno, a leftist and former guerrilla hero who won the presidency in 2001, is considered a front-runner for next year's election, but if he is defeated his own party will assume power. The political establishment is behind Moreno, 55, and says he's all but unbeatable. They have forced ministers to quit and power will be "pulled" from the country's top government jobs, the paper said. An election is being planned to help reduce pressure on the crisis-riddled country. Militants marched in Bogota on Sunday to protest how the Andean nation failed to respond to decades of wars.
Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israel early Sunday released the names of the first group of Palestinian prisoners to be freed in exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, setting in motion a process that will allow the public to file objections to specific releases.|||Gil. Palestinian prisoners listed by Israeli government officials Tuesday as releasing Gilad Shalit, the captured soldier, were set to free pending U.N. Security Council approval, according to a statement from the Israeli Prison Service. The prisoners will be detained in the East Jerusalem Prison for about six to nine months, up from three months previously, it said. Shalit, one of the foremost potential targets in the Palestinian uprising, was captured in February in exchange for Israeli aid workers. The United States has been the biggest proponent of a prisoner swap, with Ambassador Christopher Hunt noting last week that he'd had more than a decade to plan a deal. While Israel often promises blanket releases, "a sliver of the plan will be said to not be." Whech camps may draw scrutiny, the American Strategic Studies Program said. Israeli political figure Likud MK Yitzhak Gilliam helped negotiate Shalit's release. The negotiations came after a partial government uprising in Jerusalem and terror attacks in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. The Palestinians condemned the slayings of Atir al-Gadousi and Ariel Sheikh. Shalit, who was serving in the Israeli Defense Forces, and Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas attended the meeting at the Shariah Court, a highly classified military court where the government's legal team was not allowed to speak about the deal. "Those who attended (the meeting) are responsible for setting the parameters for what happens next," Gilliam said. Shalit was released from Shalit's West Bank prison last month in exchange for Ethiopian aid worker Erad Yabdallah. Shalit faces trial for his role in 2007 rocket attacks on Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip, a charge he denies. Israeli officials say Shalit was one of three Palestinian prisoners freed in the agreement with Jordan. While the Palestinian Authority is obligated to confirm Shalit's release, they remain silent on whether it will be made public or perhaps forced. Human rights groups say such denials contradict the agreement. "The Israeli government has approved the release of 27 prisoners, an enormous number of whom suffered torture and other severe interrogation abuses," Gholam Schwarzstein, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Middle East Bureau, told CNN. The status of several other prisoners could also be disputed, he added. Shalit is the highest-profile prisoner the rebels have ever captured and who has gained the widest support across the community, which holds about 60 million people worldwide. He would not disclose their names, but some sources told CNN last month they were young women in their 20s. Over the past year, the United Nations Special Panel on Combatting International Terrorism has repeatedly backed the Shalit prisoner exchange. Critics in Israel have argued that freeing him would help secure Palestinian compliance to its 2006 cease-fire agreement with Israel. Most Palestinian negotiators want to ensure that return to their own territory carries minimal risk of violence. Hezbollah rockets saluted Shalit.
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Thousands of demonstrators, mostly students, lined the streets Friday outside Sanaa University as anti-government protests continued.|||Later, it was reported the local provincial governor in Yemen has opened the streets of Sanaa for a vigil. The protests were originally called for a peaceful march to Parliament in the capital of Sanaa and have intensified following the inauguration of President Hadi late Wednesday of his transitional government. Activists said the protest will continue until he announces the end of the government, also known as Ali Abdullah Saleh. "It is necessary for Saleh to ... put a period on the nation's revolt until such time as he accepts the offer of constitutional dialogue, which he rejects," said Sanaa University Vice-President Abdubadell Al-Tamimi. "He has an historic task; will he take more peaceful measures?" He said the university was offering one day only, or temporary, medical leave for those affected. "I would appeal for people to stay indoors and refrain from venturing outside -- even in tents -- until the government acknowledges the legitimacy of the demonstrations," Al Tamimi said. (Thousands of students marched in Sanaa on Wednesday for more than two weeks, according to a statement on the university website.) "The situation will be peaceful until such time as Sanaa's crisis is resolved," Al Tamimi added. "At the moment the crisis is contained. The people are just disappointed with the government, the institutions and the government." Yemen's immediate neighbors have expressed criticism of Saleh and blamed the government for driving large numbers of young people out of the country. Sanaa's citizens largely vote in elections the first half of every year. To win the elections, the winner would need approval from a wide range of people from different ethnic and religious backgrounds. Successions would also require expulsions of around 9 million people from the country's 34 provinces and an additional 25 million from abroad, including Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Saleh has already sacked 93 deputies and two sons of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh from his Cabinet over alleged corruption. He planned to charge them with embezzling funds and other crimes. Saleh's four-year rule began with a military-backed constitution drafted by political party members and activists in January 2006. The constitution is weak, according to clerics. Moderate parties have sought to bring power to Congress. In addition, rebels have found few domestic allies. News organizations say Saleh's government has cracked down on protest, inflicting heavy losses on soldiers, raising concerns about security and human rights. The regime has been criticized for failing to implement the 2011 constitutional amendments and engaging in feuding with neighboring Iran, which it is close to. CNN's Karim Khashoggi and Danielle Gale contributed to this report.
(CNN)The bureau chief for Reuters in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Maria Golovnina, died Monday after falling unconscious, her employer said.|||She died of her injuries after suffering a heart attack in Kabul on Sunday, a Reuters statement said. Gulmurodzhinn Avtutdinov said: "Maria Golovnina returned to the situation by herself and was conscious and speaking with her two superiors at the time she was taken to the hospital. They reached out to her brother, which he was there with. "Our hearts are with her brother." Gulmurodzhinn Avtutdinov said. Golovnina, a 35-year-old freelance journalist, was being treated by Afghan authorities in Peshawar. CNN's Raffi Benati contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Iceland will close two airports on Friday for the first time, a week after ash from an Icelandic volcano forced the shutdown of airspace over much of Europe and stranded thousands of passengers around the world, the Icelandic aviation authority announced Thursday.|||Iceland, Faroe Islands, was not the only place where ash from the volcano seeped into the air on Thursday. Many large airlines also canceled flights on Thursday, the Icelandic Central Directorate of Airports said. Despite long days and nights without flight services, air traffic was unaffected, Iceland's president, Jóhannes Persson, said. Eyjafjallajokull airport in Reykjavik had announced a timetable for Friday, but the airport's chief executive, Tom Kreils, told the broadcaster that it had nothing new to announce. "We know quite well that we are very lucky to have a level of visibility and we know it's not the case every single day. With ash and carbon dioxide, everything in our country gets hit." The areas of greatest concern for passengers are west of the Icelandic capital. Falling ceilings and temperatures have hampered the amount of rain that falls. The government plans to air marshals for the runway repairs. Mount Islas Viren, which formed at the base of Keflavik volcano, also fell Thursday morning, and officials have no other information at this time. Flights to the volcano are available via a video link on Iceland's foreign-mail services, the government said. The office of Icelandic prime minister Olafur Ragnar Grimsson closed Reykjavik's major international airport, Arasona, and Reykjavik international airport, Hafjallajokull, on Thursday. Several smaller international airports were closed, too. There are plenty of options to accommodate passengers. A "snow and ice maintenance facility" will be set up Friday, the Icelandic airport authority said. The ash will keep planes away from the airport so it can minimize the likelihood of aircraft falling into the field, it said. "We'll be asking the authorities for the use of several safe techniques, so we can control the airspace, including cleaning and cleaning if necessary. ... Many authorities are very worried that they are in the worst position." The normal aircraft fleet is 6,500. More than 400 flights a day using Keflavik, Arasona, Arasona or Tallinn all operate out of Iceland. The images that have been leaked from Iceland's website were not as clear as the airport's. Iceland's Icelandic Airlines was made available on its web site, and there was little sign of volcanic ash in the photographs. Estonian Airways was flying out of Iceland on Thursday, and said it was expecting about 200 more passengers and a flight delay. As is the norm for Icelandic airlines, they are letting arriving passengers fill their bags at pick-up points. Slovenia's civil aviation authority said flights will not be diverted to Reykjavik. All other Icelandic airlines will be working from Reykjavik. Iceland declared a state of emergency Thursday, the week of the eruption, and the airspace was closed nationwide. Estonia said it was canceling all flights until the skies were clear and in place by the end of November. Only long-haul flights would operate in the event of this eruption continuing. Flights were canceled earlier in the day.
(CNN) -- Smarting from their first back-to-back defeats in nearly three years, Barcelona are on the defensive for a change as they approach Tuesday's Champions League semifinal second leg against Chelsea.|||Thell Barcelona missed Ronaldo, Sergio Busquets and Aleksandar Kolarov on the pitch with anger still simmering over an indifferent first half in the Spanish capital. The Londoners also continued the run of poor defending in their first two matches and conceded twice in the second, registering two straight goals in a 2-0 reverse.After their previous two defeats came against Serie A's Nice, Shakhtar Donetsk and Villarreal of Spain, who only had 14 combined goals before the match. Barcelona not only lacked any real quality but also some uncharacteristic communication in their lines and set-pieces with the Azpilicueta move taken to pieces by AC Milan on Wednesday. Franck Ribery and Gelson Martins were also guilty of encouraging Chelsea to shoot into a 2-0 lead. Barcelona kept the intensity high at the Nou Camp and came within minutes of stretching the tie with the comeback comeback in the first leg, but in the end, they could not push on. Eusebio Di Francesco, who has scored for Milan in his last two matches, was on target once again. Barcelona looked unsettled and had the ball well in most parts of the first half but ultimately could not penetrate Chelsea's defense. Di Francesco was denied by John Terry, who twisted his ankle before it came to his hands and brought down Ivan Rakitic. Milan substitute Peter Kazan also saw a shot from close range saved by Fabio Quagliarella. Juanfran Mata tested David De Gea as Real made a poor error in the second half to concede the match's only goal. Marcoio Pereira hit the crossbar after Olivier Giroud failed to track a cross. And Arturo Vidal made an outstanding three-for-three save from goalkeeper Tim Howard, but he was denied by Vidal again. "They [Chelsea] were superb in the first half," De Gea told BT Sport. "They started well and dominated the second. They dominated the game and the first half was very important. It's disappointing that we could not manage to make an equaliser." Villarreal, who fired home their first goal, also survived a scare after Fernandinho made a flying interception but did not score from the resulting corner. Chelsea had just as many shots but Ronaldo converted three of the six that came his way. Neymar also went close twice in the first half with a ferocious volley. Barcelona were boos that spilled off the fan stand when they hit the post and had possession in the 34th minute but the Spaniard headed wide. As Pepe was getting on the scoresheet, Luis Suarez performed a vital passing pass from close range as he sought to salvage a point for the hosts. Barcelona fell behind early at Anfield and held their heads down, conceding a lead that lasted until 88th-minute second half goals from Diego Costa and Fabio Quagliarella. The result saw the hosts go ahead 1-0 and the advantage slip back to Liverpool until David Lopez headed home with 10 minutes remaining. Napoli were awarded a third penalty but Umar Sangou, a former Chelsea player, scored his side's only goal. Chelsea created the second through Pedro and he hit the post with a delightful free kick. Juventus were made to pay for their second half passing, which eventually led to Atletico Madrid scoring two goals. Barcelona's problems are still lingering after the first leg, as the home side took an emphatic 2-1 win on Monday. But Valencia, who emerged as 5-1 winners from the first leg, moved a further point clear after Diego Milito scored and Cristiano Ronaldo made a move to level the scores on goal, sending Andre Villas-Boas's chance into the crossbar. Chelsea set the tone with a comfortable second-half lead before Joao Mario went close in stoppage time but the visitors held their nerves and Manuel Muschetti missed a late save to set up a tight challenge for Costa. Bournemouth were 3-2 down, with Wayne Rooney having given Parma the only chance of a third straight victory in Europe.
(CNN) -- YouTube is a source of entertainment and news for billions around the world, but Pakistanis have lost access to the video site for almost a year after clips of the controversial film "Innocence of Muslims" prompted a government ban.|||YouTube has fixed a ban on its service after a widespread government crackdown on religious content. The Pakistani government launched a crackdown last January, saying it would suspend access to the site and search engine. Three cable operators had reported that local YouTube clients were blocked or unable to access YouTube due to a blackout. A U.S. investigation ordered by the Commerce Department concluded that no product or service could have been affected by the ban. Qamar Mahir, deputy chief of staff for the Pakistan Television and Film Research Authority, told CNN. The conservative group has targeted conservative Pakistani actors from the film The NewsHour and political party Zeenat Aman, he said. "We want these people to be in our society today, wherever they may be, even if they are rejected by the whole world." Gov. Yahya Khan ordered his government and the military to work for "cleansing the foreign audiovisual scene," the official said. IANS and CNN contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Michigan and federal authorities will coordinate their criminal investigations into a deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that killed 22 people in that state and 64 people total nationwide, the Michigan attorney general and the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts said Monday in Detroit.|||Two major groups, led by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, have been studying whether a fungal outbreak of meningitis can be traced back to the Winter Hill industrial park. But an investigator who worked at the toxicology lab said there is no conclusive evidence from ongoing investigation that has led to the finding of a probable cause of the meningitis death. Russell J. Eaton, the U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Michigan, announced the department is bringing an independent criminal investigative team, led by James Kidd, to assist with the investigation. Attorney General Jim Zimmer agreed to help in the joint probe and police are expected to announce details of the two-year-old investigation "within the next several weeks," Zimmer said. The investigation is ongoing, said Theodore Boutros of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, who is leading the investigation. Temperatures spiked in Michigan in the last week, so doctors have been concerned about possible human contagion. The meningitis outbreak sickened hundreds of people in Michigan and in other states, according to the CDC. During the autopsy, human immunodeficiency virus and bacterial meningitis cases in Michigan were linked to the meningitis death outbreak. The disease has not killed anyone else, and Michigan officials are hopeful that public health cases can reduce the outbreak's toll. "These have been very devastating weeks for Michigan families, in a terribly hard time for so many families," a statement from Denise Haist, the Attorney General said.
Washington (CNN) -- A Marine shot and killed two of his fellow service members at a Virginia base Thursday night and then apparently killed himself, base officials said.|||But then the officer. "Belknap won't always win. At times, God help us, apparently," said Sanderson, a military spokesman. The fire occurred while members of the Marine Corps Reserve Battalion 29 were at a cookout, the spokesman said. An additional 13 members of the unit were at the cookout with the Marines when the gunman returned, according to Battalion spokesman Matt Harrison.
Dorchester, Massachusetts (CNN) -- President Barack Obama insisted Tuesday that education spending needs to be spared from the growing drive for fiscal austerity, telling an audience of students and teachers in Massachusetts that cutbacks would ultimately prove self-defeating.|||Republican push for an end to public education cuts met stiff resistance at a campaign stop Tuesday night in Boston's Dorchester, Massachusetts, section of Springfield University where Obama is campaigning for re-election. Despite attempts to fend off liberal criticism that schools are one of the nation's lowest-performing subjects, Obama ignored a thumping of Republican applause and focused on public schools. "It's not a school function or a form of education on which you have your own opinions," Obama said. Democrats hope for a rise in funding by the end of the year, in anticipation of a national tax on wealthy Americans. But programs like school purchasing by principals and teachers would probably be the final beneficiaries. "Not just the students of Massachusetts, but the teachers of Massachusetts as well," Romney told reporters after a speech. Romney did not criticize the Democratic president when he -- or Romney -- spoke in New Hampshire. "I really thought he was in favor of public schools being expanded and better funded." Instead, Romney focused his attention on education financing, particularly grants for private schools. Pushing back on Republican calls for the cuts, Romney said education spending had stagnated due to a "sick spiral" that "does not bode well for future generations, however and as you could see." Romney talked about end to state education aid. "It's not looking good for Massachusetts as a whole," he said. Obama agreed that the current budgets of both parties do not reflect reality, saying, "Sometimes it is easier to cut government spending than it is to invest." He added that the fight against money-losing fiscal policies does not only apply to education, but to almost all public-sector jobs. Education funding already accounts for 18.7% of the federal budget. "Today, unfortunately, we could do without the balance sheet deficits in our budget," Obama said. "During the past few years, we have seen some cuts like sequestration and automatic spending cuts, and that has not changed." "What's left to do is to cut our cuts," Obama said. His proposed budget would nearly double what the state receives from the federal government's education programs. The budget is nearly $2 billion in cuts this year. The President is proposing a $12 billion budget for fiscal 2012, his first under his presidency. The White House issued a statement on its website saying, "The budget continues to emphasize hard work, discipline, and dedication, and that will help ensure that more Americans earn an education not just afford to buy textbooks but buy a college degree." Critics say Obama would not focus on educating future generations but instead on arresting growing inequality in society. He said a balanced budget would be "the foundation for a better future." Education is a key priority for Obama. "I want to reform our country's schools, and I want to do it honestly. I believe every plan I will lead this will succeed -- because we will begin to see the fruits of our labor," he said. But other parts of the president's budget -- like the cuts he proposed for social security, college tuition, and payroll taxes -- will hurt the poor in the long run, especially in the education sector. Obama said he plans to act swiftly and decisively, pledging to examine funding for high-poverty and low-poverty states. The president said lawmakers must make some tough choices. Obama will meet with state lawmakers and governors, then head to the White House. Romney told reporters he hoped the U.S. Senate would pass a balanced budget next month. But he said he will not support spending cuts in either the House or Senate. Meanwhile, House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, announced Tuesday that he plans to file legislation calling for cuts in education spending. Boehner said such cuts will hurt America's ability to compete in the global marketplace, and that schools and universities should not be held hostage to political pressure. He cited his feelings of pain that public schools have suffered because of a 2012 federal tax increase. The Obama administration applauded Boehner's decision, saying, "We know we share your frustration."
(CNN) -- If you frequent the pistes of the French Alps, you may see more than just skiers and snowmen scattered around the trails below. For the last 10 years, British artist Simon Beck has been decorating snow-covered lakes and mountainsides with massive geometric designs, often based on fractal patterns, using his footsteps as his implement.|||Thearse patterns inspired by the Belgian landscape's often beleaguered landscape designer, lead by fidgety Meier, on the screen above are definitely something that's worth doing. The artist used off-kilter "just-sawbones" to create some 3,000 custom sculptures of glaciers and peaks of Mont Blanc, just outside Paris, in Switzerland. They are nothing more than tiny pieces of clay that create what looks like very irregular, very large sculptures. Similar sculptures have appeared on the Geneva and Lake Geneva ski areas, as well as in the Alps and rural areas of France. The work bears the labelling "explorer's effect." Previously this imagery had been portrayed with a misshapen hand, but in the Swiss Alps, the artificial landscape features impressive geometric patterns -- this one is so wide it seems to have taken the shape of a hand. A waste of time? Absolutely. This was a commissioned commission created by Beck to complete and photograph the murals on the hillsides of Mont Blanc. Currently, the project is continuing in late 2014. Beck believes visitors should do what he has done. "It's done without loss of interest in the spectators," he says. "And with practice, it's not hard to actually get a sense of what you're seeing." He and fellow sculptor Allen Hansbarger, who started the project in 2006, live in Switzerland. "It's amazing," Hansbarger says. "It always surprises me." Read more from Chris Robson at BBC News: Skier provides 'amazing' trail to Swiss snow sculpture. Read more: Designer with sculptural tracksuits on top of Boreal Forest... I was just completing a local ski slope and nearly froze to death while skiing a bit, Graham Melville, ski professor at Western Quebec State University, says. "I froze to death trying to keep my nose warm." Photographer James Leopold, meanwhile, had been studying snow and identifying patterns and trickling down the slopes of Bellonque Quirin, the longest ski slope in France. In early 2000, he decided to "see" the plan from the bottom up. His painting, "Evergreens on the Sky," became a popular discovery. "I just moved on. I was really sad and a little sad," says Beck. "After the first year, I realised it looked really cool, but not the most sophisticated." Related: Artists paint on mountain peaks with a surprising gift. See the complete gallery » Beck's Christmas art show, in August 2006, in Germany, was attended by 250,000 people.
BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN) -- Preliminary DNA tests indicate a 3-year-old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels, Colombian officials announced Friday.|||As members of the province's armed forces, while on a state visit to a protected area, uncovered the child on the bridge to the Amazon River. The boy, who has not been identified for weeks due to his age, will begin treatment Monday, according to the Andean government. The child's birth certificate shows Flores is in police custody. The man will not be returned. The boy was injured Wednesday when a bomb was detonated outside a hospital in the Costa Del Sol region that serves as a quarantine zone for rebels. His health is improving, according to the National Health Service, or I-USDA. Santos officials reported Friday the boy is able to survive. Troops have not announced details of their search. "We want to extend our condolences to relatives of the victims," I-USDA Secretary General Cesar Campos said. The boy will undergo treatment at a local government facility where I-USDA is working with state health officials. Early investigations indicate some of the gunman's remains are still inside the country. By adding the boy to the photo gallery you can access an image of Flores from the orphanage in Cartagena. It's a concept that has been linked to the conflict in Colombia's pro-government alternative media. Watch "Ada Live" (in English). For more "Ada Live," click here.
(CNN) -- Last winter, the Chicago Crime Commission and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration named Mexican billionaire Guzman Loera the city's "Public Enemy No. 1." Also known as "Shorty," Guzman heads the world's largest narcotics operation, the infamous Sinaloa cartel, and allegedly pushes 1,500 to 2,000 kilograms of cocaine through Chicago each month.|||Guzman Loera, 44, was sentenced to 10 years in prison in June in connection with a 2015 drug-trafficking case that includes the accused connection of the 2007 pummeling of a woman in Chicago. One of the women, Jamie Smith, told CNN affiliate WLS during her sentencing Thursday that Guzman and his co-conspirators have helped eliminate her from a state agency, and arrested her at her Chicago home. Smith, who has criminal record, told WLS that a "significant number" of women entered her apartment in May or June after kidnapping, according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. Authorities are not disclosing why Smith was the target of the charges, she said. The alleged crimes were reported to the FBI, and according to the Drug Enforcement Administration, Guzman is a significant source of Colombian drug traffic. As Los Angeles County Sheriff Bill McNulty put it at a news conference July 19, "Guzman cut a deal with Chicago to break free from the rules and regulations that underlay the Bill of Rights in Mexico, until he violated them by not fully complying." On the morning of Guzman's arrest in May, McNulty put out a bulletin declaring that he was among the most serious drug traffickers to be caught in the city in recent years. The "El Chapo" operation was able to evade capture, said McNulty. At the time, two major drug-trafficking smuggling cartels in Mexico -- Los Zetas and El Sacrito -- operated through Chicago; 26 federal prosecutors were charged in connection with the case and three people died in a shooting last summer after federal authorities raided two Pablo Escobar houses. Guzman is running his organization with help from his allies in Mexico City, federal prosecutors said. This April, America's top federal prosecutor said Guzman laundered drug proceeds through Chicago for the Mexican government. "The leader of one of the world's top drug trafficking organizations has beheaded his own family members, his own family members, his relatives' family members's families," Daniel Espinoza wrote in an opinion article published in Monday's Chicago Tribune. CNN's Vanessa Stearns and Lisa Reeves contributed to this report.
Washington (CNN) -- An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, the Justice Department announced Thursday.|||Heaverbed also confessed to a variety of sex crimes, but the investigation that led to the indictment focused on one person. The accused man was arrested in Illinois in May 2013 and will face up to a life in prison, the Justice Department said in a statement. He will also be fined $500,000 and face up to three years in prison if convicted, the Justice Department said. It was the first time that a shooter in the United States has faced federal charges. During the 2008 campaign, President Barack Obama said during the Democratic Party convention that more black candidates should run for the U.S. Senate, though he admitted the danger did exist to black Americans. "I'm tired of the politics of fear," Obama said in remarks at the Democratic convention. "I'm tired of the fear of retaliation."
(CNN) -- As many as four African migrants from Ethiopia and Eritrea trying to cross into Israel from Egypt's Sinai desert were shot dead by smugglers and 10 others were wounded, according to state media.|||Four people died in a shooting attack in central Israel on Tuesday, the Nile port of Ashkelon said. The migrants and smugglers opened fire on African and Eritrean migrants, the statement said. The bodies of the victims were taken to Ashkelon's Saadat hospital, the statement said. Israel's Air Force said in a statement that the military and Navy rescued the victims, some of whom had spent 12 to 13 hours on the road. It said that a judge had given the green light to take the group to a designated air base. "There is a failure of the Egyptian judicial system and the bill is approved by the attorney general for the Interior Ministry," the statement said. The refugees in the arms and baggage of the smugglers blew up in central Israel on Tuesday morning after arriving at the two-way checkpoint in the town of Adumma, according to the statement. Human rights monitors and the aid groups in Israel say Israel officials should reopen borders. The official statement added that of the 68 refugees it is holding in the Kadam field camp, 39 died. "One hundred and one people, including two Eritreans and four Israelis, were on a transportation trip to Israel from Sudan or Ethiopia," the statement said. Although one migrant claimed responsibility for the incident, the Israeli information ministry said the others were killed during the journey. Nine border crossings since 1999 have been shut down by Israel, one by a Hamas suicide bomber in Ashkelon. Five people in the area were arrested Tuesday, four for alleged attempts to cross from Egypt. Israeli border police referred questions to the internal affairs department. As of last month, Israel had enforced 15 border crossings a day for international companies including Acciona, a Buenos Aires-based firm that specializes in providing outsourced security and intelligence services to international companies operating in Israel.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Comedian Conan O'Brien returns to the late-night television circuit Monday with a much-anticipated new show.|||Conan online and recorded appearance made January 16, along with a date launch party. O'Brien said he has been put through a lot this week and is ready to talk about the subject. "I'm just so excited to hear people're response to my show and to see how well it does on their TV sets," O'Brien told a news conference. Showtime will begin playing the eight-episode first season of Conan on Monday. If you didn't catch some of the material, you can access it on Hulu and the Rest of Us -- but don't expect to leave the room. It's rated R.
(CNN)  -- The death toll from severe storms in northern Arkansas has been lowered to one person, emergency officials said early Saturday.|||Se. Johnson, La., County. The storm brought more than a half dozen tornadoes to the Arkansas-Missouri border. More than 100 homes and businesses in the area of Tornado Alley flooded with rain and hail, County spokeswoman Debbie Bryant said. Ten people remained missing at 12:30 a.m. Saturday after flooding at an intersection of Interstate 75, Highway 72 and Highway 70, she said. There were no immediate reports of injuries or fatalities in any of the storms. Firefighters were using the roads to extricate motorists. As of Saturday afternoon, more than 90 homes remained without power in northern Arkansas, Bryant said. 12 killed in Alabama, according to CNN affiliate WSFA. The second death was in Greene County, and 11 in western Arkansas. Evans County Sheriff Duane Johnson said no children had been hurt in the storms. Click here for updates ». 14 injured in Arkansas storms. © 2010 CNN. All rights reserved.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) -- Almost overnight, a patchwork of plastic tents appeared on an empty piece of land less than 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) from the World Cup stadium as a show of force from Sao Paulo's working poor.|||The Saco Paulo city passed at least one flood in the past 10 days, which left at least 679 residents homeless, according to Sida da Pacarina, spokesperson for the transport ministry. The River Palace Workers' Movement President and prime minister took to the streets Wednesday evening. "The urban and population movement, meant for the championships, as they say, cannot be imposed," Sida said in a statement. "It cannot be imposed by the International Olympic Committee." About 60,000 people have called to demand the cancellation of the World Cup, and an overwhelming majority of them, 74%, voted to vote for Cristiano Ronaldo over Brazil's defense minister, Eduardo Paes, on Monday. A blizzard struck Sao Paulo the day after the Cup kicked off, leading to sporadic rainstorms, forcing organizers to cancel the World Cup. Hundreds of tents, or in one case blankets, lined a parking lot of a land owned by PT Belmiro's Batista School, a public primary school. The majority of the tents were relocated to rooftops of the southern government estate in Fernando Botelho do Para, eight kilometers (5 miles) away from the city center, where 64,000 soccer fans are expected to watch the matches. The mud appeared in the town, where residents said they have been having clashes with the authorities. "It gets worse and worse," neighbor Edson Poli said. "The more you dig deeper, the more trash it accumulates. I feel people want to drown me." Brazil: Worst dream of host nation? World Cup brings hopes of recovery. The Cubans, who are supposed to go to the final on July 15, have gotten behind Sida, filling the city's main stadium with more than 70,000 Brazilian supporters. Brazil: Why did the FIFA World Cup drop in bids? Fans turned their backs on the tourists. Families turned away, with some even making political statements against the competition. Russians appeared in the news several weeks ago to propose throwing a protest on the airport runway at the airport. Russians were also targeted when an armored truck rammed into a crowd of fans. Their image was widely circulated. In the aftermath, an agency produced a graphic that showed a helicopter attacking the plane -- with images of a blood-splattered fighter jet. Watch their impact » About 300 people were injured, said Roberto Lonax, a guard with the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF). Perpetrators killed at least five Brazilians, and two other assailants were wounded.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard -- who ordered jets over the Capitol amid the September 11, 2001, terror attacks -- was among those killed in a transit train crash in Washington this week, authorities said Tuesday.|||A, whose name was disclosed to CNN Tuesday in a statement from the city's Metropolitan Police Department, Josh Eisenberg had been serving as station commander at Metro's Chesterfield station when a train carrying a state senator and three others collided with his bus on Tuesday morning. Eisenberg was among five people killed. Those killed were the eight people in the injured on the Metro's Washington-bound L&N Train and the 11 people who suffered minor injuries. The German passenger who was the driver on the Metro train, had refused to heed officers' warnings that he would leave the train area, which led to the accident. Two of the other passengers on the train died of their injuries after trying to jump off the rails, police said. Among those injured was passenger Bryan Tolbert. Police had not yet determined how the crash happened. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia said in a news release the investigation is ongoing. In a statement, the Prince George's County prosecutor's office said, "our thoughts and prayers are with the families, friends and loved ones of all of the persons killed in today's tragic train crash. Police continue to investigate this horrific tragedy.". Gerardo Valdez, 29, commander of the DC National Guard at the time of the crash, was one of the first known fatalities as federal police announced Tuesday. After his death, he served as commanding general of the Army's 1st Brigade, District of Columbia National Guard. During his time in office, Valdez was tasked with directing some of the nation's major commands. He sent headquarters troops to the Pentagon as part of an emergency action as part of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States. The day of that attack, he was involved in an action involving the tanking of two fighter jets that struck an office building in Arlington, Virginia. He wasn't injured. In 2011, in a letter to his top aides, Valdez wrote, "I'd like to thank you, and ask you to offer me any support that you can as you cope with the following week's stress." Valdez was being evaluated for a transfer from the college level in order to a new office. In a statement issued on Tuesday, the city council spokesman said the district was "deeply saddened at the news of Mr. Vinish's passing," while noting Valdez served with the dean of the College of William & Mary. The school was named for legendary Washington P. D.C. Chief of Staff, Sen. James A. Inhofe. The city passed a resolution Tuesday afternoon reaffirming the city's commitment to ensuring its safety during the night and that all its residents should remain vigilant during the event. Council President Vincent Gray has pledged the city "will deal with it decisively and completely." He said there will be no longer be delays, no delay in the streets, no longer "a place to run," no more hair-raising communications. "These deaths -- these facts -- have become facts," Gray told CNN. "And today is the day to remember." Local police told CNN their investigators are on the scene to visit the scene to determine if any people from the Metro were hurt or put into other transport. Amtrak said the train was not displaying any signs of impairment and recovered Thursday morning, while Metro said "most of its conduct, including the ticketing, was exemplary," in a statement. The agency apologized for any disruption to residents while the process was underway, but said, "This tragedy is beyond anything we can bring to bear on." CNN's Kevin Siu contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting.|||Theana-based legend who is responsible for the Sierra Leone World Cup title that ended last weekend and whose play inspired new president Uhuru Kenyatta to become the youngest African to be elected to the FIFA presidency. While the tradition of fasting was long debated, there were now accusations of corruption. Mourinho has denied any charges about corruption. But he did say that he would redo his programme if obliged. "There are many people that do not believe my conduct is 100% fair," Mourinho said on his official website. "Sulley played 10 minutes last Friday and then came off (off)." The 34-year-old former Liverpool and Inter midfielder had scored three goals for Portugal in his previous two matches. At Napoli in the Europa League on Tuesday, Muntari struck in the first minute of extra-time as part of the 3-0 win. Napoli coach Manuel Pellegrini, who succeeded Schalke's Oscar Pires when he stepped down for the Italian job in October, said, "we did all of the right things." The 24-year-old star has made his only World Cup appearances for Europe's big four and scored nine goals this season. He has made the late winner over Fulham in Italy. Meanwhile, Germany had a bad day as they drew 3-3 with struggling Spanish outfit Genoa in another Bundesliga match, with a halftime result that left them level. Italy's anger was compounded by a lacklustre display by Italian side Maribor against Dutch side Eintracht Frankfurt. Elsewhere, Belgium also found themselves with a score line -- 2-1 down at Marseille -- but only because Gerard Pique fired home the opener. Forward Arthur Klosterman also pulled a goal back for Genoa but missed a chance. Elsewhere, both Ajax and Benfica, who finished the match with one goal apiece, were unable to win through challenges. After 20 minutes, Mourinho changed the goal to his fourth of the match.
(CNN) -- A week after Facebook's bungled IPO comes fresh news to tantalize, or torment, the company's investors. The social-networking behemoth may be making a phone.|||Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg agreed to sell a 20% stake in the company that was created to help propel it to public stock, and issued news releases Wednesday describing a promise to restore investors to position for 2018. Although he didn't elaborate, Zuckerberg doesn't appear on the IPO page at all. The social-networking behemoth may be more interested in building a smaller sister company, with the ability to operate a much more streamlined payroll and a support team, according to press reports. The original public listing date, March 22, was widely thought to be the final minute before Facebook sold the shares at $17 apiece -- a price estimated at more than the $17 billion it earned in its first year of operation. The initial public offering was priced at $22 billion -- the same as the stock that has been trading above $20 since then. Facebook was not clear as to whether Zuckerberg would take part in any board discussion at the WSJD Conclave in New York the following day. The company has not yet made an announcement on the matter. Zuckerberg gave an interview Wednesday with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation at the request of Time Inc., describing last year's IPO as an "incredible experience." Before the IPO, though, not much was known about Facebook beyond Zuckerberg's pledge to "rebuild" its core customer base -- "people who have got friends, family, businesses, teams and organizations on Facebook." He went on to tell Time that it's not right to call him a "billionaire." "In fact, if you know anything about Facebook, you know it has become an industry darling," he told Time in an editorial. "The product is one-of-a-kind. A tech-revolution." If Zuckerberg realizes he wants to improve Facebook's front end for future generations, he should tread very carefully if he's to appeal to the funds he sold them to. There is so much competition for Facebook's beta-test customers that activating them for the first time would seem an eternity. Still, Zuckerberg has been dedicated to raising money for the IPO. On the more urgent issue is profitability, he wrote in an e-mail to his staff. The company had just logged $21 billion in profit before the IPO, according to a Recode article on March 23. Some 81 million people on Facebook had signed up as of January. But 22% of those users have since signed up for a daily free trial of Facebook. No matter how much trouble Facebook has had raising money, Zuckerberg has always taken the bull by the horns, calling the financial crisis "a major opportunity that now feels like a sideshow." What Facebook can show Wall Street to garner the best price? He could open more lines of marketing and reach more users, with wider product improvements or partnerships with third-party service providers. In fact, executives have suggested he bring out a "flagship" product with a greater focus on consumers. As Zuckerberg writes on the WSJD site, the iPhone and Android devices won't necessarily compete, but making the high-quality phone "as a crucial part of the user's lifestyle" could provide the greatest opportunity for growth. Just imagine people wearing wrist watches paired with Android phones with an impressive display. I've made a bet on Apple. I've seen someone with a wristwatch and an iPad. And the iPhone. How much difference will they make to me? Check out my iPhone upgrade last month. Compared to me, my iPhone has almost doubled my experience. Fortunately, money isn't everything. Only about a third of my friends around the world are reading this. In addition to me, I'm seeing about 70,000 others on the internet. But -- primarily based on Facebook -- companies like Apple and Google are spending billions on products that can compete. Is Apple, Samsung, Microsoft and Apple pulling ahead of them? Oh boy. Google wants to lose out. This idea is so awful. Shareblue.
London (CNN) -- British Airways and Unite -- the union representing many of the airline's cabin crew -- reached an agreement on Thursday, reducing the threat of strikes.|||The group won negotiators' approval at a meeting last week after several hours of deliberation between the two parties and committed to a permanent resolution to a dispute. "We have come to a decision that represents the best possible outcome for British Airways customers," Mr. Mark Phillips, Unite's head of International trade union affairs, said. But he could not stop there, noting that a long strike had been the biggest threat facing British Airways since its 1,100 employees walked off their jobs over six weeks ago. The agreement will be binding for all staff, with full pay, benefits and a new health code, with some staffers being promoted, he said. The agreement comes after a four-day stand-off when 750 British Airways staff walked off work over pay and conditions. In Britain, 1,100 aircraft were on strike over pay, with a total of 641,300 people affected by the airline's latest restructuring, according to the Ministry of Transport. Unite said all staff were "pleased to have reached a reasonable agreement,". "The work we did is not yet finished. We have not yet given them all the leave we hope to gain." Several pilots were affected, with the biggest flight leaving Glasgow. British Airways said the pilots deserved their day off after asking to be paid part of the total fare for their days at work. "Please accept our apology for any inconvenience caused to passengers during the course of today's talks, during which we have been fully committed to working with our staff to make sure we make sure UK Airways meets its highest standards," British Airways said. "In the process of this, there will be some cancellations and in some cases additional service will be required." Recent strikes in Britain took place after drivers lost their workplace accreditation. Several workers across the industry had also been told they would not be paid until they returned to work. Those who received permits who didn't are "lossed their jobs," Unite said in a statement. "All flights will remain out of service until the driver has been reinstated to re-apply for benefits." Britain's biggest passenger airline, British Airways, has endured its worst financial crisis since World War II since the financial crash. Earlier this year, it reported a loss of almost $40 billion, its lowest level since before the Great Depression. While reducing debt, U.S. President Barack Obama, who visited the carrier two days after the crash, warned that UK airports suffered if they didn't fix their financial problems. "A perfectly fair plan has been worked out," said U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns. "But I sincerely hope that British Airways will be able to get back on the winning path." It's still not clear whether the threat to UK Airways' passengers and millions of UK families will come to an end. While unions have come out in support of the CEO, no union has pledged to support him personally. U.S. President Barack Obama has been critical of U.S. airlines' legacy of high-cost shipping and poor service.
A federal lawsuit filed Friday seeks to overturn portions of Texas' new abortion law, considered among the most restrictive legislation in the nation, just weeks before it takes effect.|||The passage of the bill, introduced by the Texas Legislature in May, was lauded by the president as a landmark in American law, despite outrage among Democrats who defended the law. Nancy Pelosi called the law "one of the most expansive, anti-choice laws in the history of the country. Even though Texas doesn't have abortion access, abortion rights groups say the bill would punish women and make it difficult for them to obtain it. "[A] well-prepared abortion provider will simply not perform the procedure," Democratic Sen. Diane Feinstein told CNN in an interview at her Capitol Hill office. "It's a vicious abortion law that threatens lives and property rights in dozens of cities around the country," she said. In April, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans struck down nearly all provisions of Texas' abortion law. But Governor Greg Abbott and the Texas Legislature, meanwhile, have promised to uphold the law, which comes with a statewide ban on abortion. The Supreme Court, in separate decisions, has upheld different sections of the abortion ban. In the three days since abortions went into effect on May 8, abortion clinics are closed and clinics are closing, the Texas Department of Public Safety reported. Those affected appear to be patients. "They are the ones who pay the big bucks, and they are the ones who must be treated the same," Dallas County Judge Adolpho Velazquez told reporters Thursday. In January, as the justices heard arguments over the law in the Dallas County Courthouse, they renewed the existing ban on abortion, telling state lawyers to "not succeed in making this law otherwise." Florida is one of a handful of states with similar bans. Hundreds of women are still allowed to obtain abortions under the law.
(EW.com) -- Four new movies were no match for the feline phenom "The Lion King 3D," which ruled the box office for the second weekend in a row with $22.1 million, according to studio estimates.|||" (1d and td) estimates for the weekend were down on estimates for "Frozen," saying it earned $17.6 million and $18 million, respectively, based on studio estimates. "Zootopia," "Boots," and "Gifted" were top marks on their own, but fell to the same result. "Cadillac Women 2," which stars Jennifer Lawrence and Julee Cruise, didn't do much better with $10.8 million, according to a studio estimate. "Magic Mike XXL" came in a close second with $11.4 million, but it is not helping the big screen take up less attention. The total for the week is $34.1 million, according to estimates from Box Office Mojo. DVD sales declined 5.7 percent in the four-day weekend, according to the studio's estimates. The addition of "La La Land" to the list of 2016's biggest box office success for movies, while adult-targeted, more fun-oriented movies fell hard. Critics have raved about the new "Momentum" films. The comedy "Mazel Tov" and the original "Cats" received generally positive reviews. "McCrory and Newton" earned F, "GSMA" Group honors, and Universal Pictures' "Lion King" was named box office's best performing film. "Lion King" soared to the No. 2 spot on the weekend behind Universal's "Rio 2," in second place with $21.5 million. It is only the second time in three years that a 3D movie has taken the top spot. "The Descendants" or "The Black Widow" was in fourth place, with $15.5 million. But the rising "Chico and the Never-Ending Story" fell to third place and "Kung Fu Panda 3" -- the third title that slipped in the popularity rankings in the first two weeks -- fell 10.9 percent. If "Monster Squad" or "Rumble" is to be believed, neither "Godzilla" or "Mad Max: Fury Road" or "The Avengers: Age of Ultron" will do well on their own. Both films underwent massive productions, while two have met with controversy and grosses. The Weinstein Company's "Jason Bourne" is the only film to debut this year to date to justify grosses. "Rent" and "Modern Family" also debuted to a mixed response. "Three Kings: Evolution" and "Brooklyn" (which came out in June) bombed in their reviews and were dropped from the weekend's top five. "Flight," by the producer Martin Scorsese, squeaked in sixth spot. "Cruise" and "You Got Served" did a bit better in ninth and 10th place, respectively. "Sly and the Joneses" was in 12th with $9.5 million. "Rent" would have topped the charts if it had opened a few weeks earlier, a studio spokesperson said. "No director or star worked in theaters on this movie -- and in theaters any other week," the spokesperson added. "It's very disappointing that they blew this one up." "Sony made all kinds of changes in their marketing, but they didn't really do anything with it." If true, the revamp of major franchise director Tim Burton was a shocker. The director did somewhat change things around for the fourth installment in the series, going from four hours to 20 minutes long. He trimmed the film to two hours long (down from four hours and 20 minutes) and added three more minutes of cutting-edge graphics (plus a new impressive new animation). Instead of standard 3D, the film launched in ultra high definition. Time Warner International Studios, which originally announced the release of "Despicable Me," later came to admit it wasn't possible to pull off the new look for the $150 million-budgeted film. "Exclusive trailer is out on the Friday," said a spokesperson for Sony Pictures. "What we're finding is that our new second weekend will not be as successful as the third weekend," an industry source told EW. The studios are hoping for a fall turnaround after the reviews and fan fatigue had helped pull down the gate.
(CNN Student News) -- November 11, 2011.|||OnFive Witnesses Unconvicted For The Execution Of Micah W. L. Olson was released from custody without charges. Petitioning them to be held accountable. CNN Student Affairs currently under investigation by the state Department of Education for the execution of the FBI informant said Wilson pleaded guilty Tuesday in this case. Wilson killed four people in the Bahamas on September 14, killing an unrelated al Qaeda suspect named Lucas E. Webster, 27. A fifth teenager who was hit by a flying missile in January was sentenced to seven years in prison and is required to attend five years of community college. According to the National Institute of Corrections, more than 6,000 people were arrested and sentenced in Texas on terrorism-related offenses between May 24 and September 21. A sixth person was arrested on Friday night while leaving the scene of an alleged gang rape, however, police did not find anyone involved. Three arrests were made. "One person will get six years ... He caused violence, harassed the witnesses and harmed them while they left the scene," said Michelle Kastelos, director of civics for East Atlanta Community College. "They're still not coming to trial and the school administration is asking how that's going. It's a violation of the national standards in their county. "This is not a problem for me. I didn't make it up to hurt them or something like that."
Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- U.S. drone strikes in Yemen on Friday killed six militants, including two senior leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, four local security sources said.|||The night coalition attacks were the first of its kind in Yemen, succeeding in placing targeted militants in an area deemed dangerous by U.S. intelligence sources to rebel forces. US surveillance aircraft hit targets in eastern Yemen last month, and Yemen is a border area under the influence of the U.S.-led coalition. A U.S. official said the strikes appeared to have targeted senior members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP. He did not specify the drone strikes, saying the details had not yet been determined. Yemeni security sources said four men who were with AQAP were killed in the strike, as were one of its local directors, according to another source. AQAP, a branch of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, has vowed to counter the alliance. "I am not running from this war," Qassim Abu Zaydi, the group's deputy leader, told reporters. "I am behind this raid. I will continue to support U.S. operations against AQAP. We're alive, we are strong." Yemeni forces are struggling to control off Yemen, amid allegations the ruling Al Houthi party has been running for the president for years. The central government has used military force to make it harder for the president to do so, accusing him of usurping his duties. A U.S. official also denied any direct involvement in the strike on Thursday. But the source said officials were gathering details about the operation. They referred CNN to the Saudi Arabian General Security Council, a U.N. agency, and said it would be meeting with Yemeni Defense Minister Ali Mohsen al-Dulfa.
Washington (CNN) -- Two major civil liberties groups filed a lawsuit Tuesday challenging the government's asserted authority to kill U.S. citizens living abroad who are designated as terrorists.|||B, along with a group that represents 100,000 Muslim Americans, The Electronic Frontier Foundation, released a statement Monday calling on the government to stop targeting non-citizens while trying to identify who is and isn't an enemy of the United States. The plaintiffs include hundreds of suspected Al Qaeda terrorists, as well as many other Muslims, including among Egyptian Christians and others, the groups said. Lawyers representing Edward Snowden and Lois Lerner contend that the government cannot begin to enforce the Intelligence Community's 2003 Executive Order on Terrorist Identities, only those among a group of citizens designated as security threats by U.S. courts. Those targeted are mostly American citizens -- not those from the Middle East.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A former New York City bouncer was sentenced to life without parole Wednesday for the brutal slaying of a graduate student from Boston, the Brooklyn district attorney's office said.|||Rahalmond, 48, walked into a New York courtroom as his girlfriend and girlfriend-to-be waited for a fare out of sympathy to go through the kitchen. He told them she had never seen her or them before. But they entered a confession, then arrested him in the cramped alleyway where they'd lived as street brawls raged last summer. ... The defendants said they were trying to make a getaway, not a normal life. He admitted that he shot his girlfriend. They would not confirm his identity, but said he blamed her for his own death. They implicated her and her daughter. They said he blamed those who tried to stop them. A video showing the murder of the 21-year-old student showed her gasping for air. She told police she saw him drag the girl from the street and tied her head to a wall. She said he hit her in the head with his fist and beat her with a brick. The body was found Thursday on an East Side of Brooklyn, the Brooklyn district attorney's office said.
(CNN)F-16 fighter jets escorted two passenger planes into Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on Saturday after a bomb threat made on Twitter was deemed credible, according to military officials.|||TheKokomo-Muhammad Ali International Airport was closed Saturday afternoon for safety reasons. The airport is currently holding two critical United Airlines flights with two explosives on board the aircraft, said Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal. Deal said the F-16 fighter jets will head to the airport and divert the planes to runways in Atlanta's Centennial Olympic Park. Meanwhile, Atlanta police and the FBI are searching for the suspects. Evidence includes a 9 mm pistol and an unregistered cell phone, authorities said. Police didn't find any bomb-making device aboard any plane, a spokesman for Atlanta police Sgt. Gary Payne said. The bomb threats do not have an explosive origin. The airport is always "running, running, running" as law enforcement uses the Fulton County airport as their main hub. Officials said they are unaware of any bomb threat involving anyone else at the airport. The airport was evacuated around 4:45 p.m., and air traffic control diversions were set up. When police saw the bomb threat, they swarmed to the arrivals area and found several unexploded ordnance on the ground, authorities said. Two bomb squad vehicles were deployed near the airport, about 3 miles (5 kilometers) from the airport, and had four explosive charges drawn up, authorities said. The suspect was wearing a T-shirt and shorts and carrying a gun. He threatened to detonate the explosives and hit other targets at the airport, police said. The threat was received around 1 p.m., according to Georgia Tech. CNN's Kirsten Blake and Christine Carter contributed to this report.
Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Actor Pernell Roberts, who played the eldest Cartwright brother in TV's "Bonanza," died at his Malibu, California, home Sunday at 81, his lawyer said.|||Roberts'And so he breathed his last,' attorney Jimmy Johnson said. "As a lifelong fan, most Americans are astonished and stunned to hear Pernell Roberts was one of the final people left on the airwaves, alongside Warren Beatty and Tim Conway on "Bonanza." The singer and actor played two brothers in the 1960s TV series that went on to claim more than 50 million viewers. Roberts was born in California in 1936 and began his acting career in 1959. Roberts, 75, co-hosted the television game show "Spinco" with Tony Curtis until 1966.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- All U.S. forces have vacated a military base in Pakistan, meeting a deadline set by Islamabad after a NATO airstrike killed dozens of soldiers, local military officials said Sunday.|||NATalk vehicle. "All non-operational forces have been ordered to leave the base by August 30, the official said. "All elements of the U.S. special operations force have withdrawn. We have filled in the base to the minimum level," the official said. News of the official's announcement spread throughout Pakistan's military web site. The Pakistan-U.S. Task Force 360, which trains Pakistani troops in Afghanistan, was set up in 2002 to provide air cover and counterterrorism operations. The NATO alliance launched drone strikes in Afghanistan in July 2007. There have been 88 known strikes on U.S. or allied forces in Afghanistan in 2011, according to the Alliance for Afghan Defense. At least six of the strikes killed government officials, but Pakistani security forces have said five people have been killed in NATO strikes this year. NATO NATO airstrikes have killed more than 2,100 Pakistanis this year. Last year, NATO airstrikes killed more than 2,300 Pakistani troops. U.S. troops have been involved in other NATO strikes, including cruise missile attacks on militant targets in Afghanistan. The United States has been fighting Taliban in Afghanistan since 2001. CNN's Don Lemon, Nseel Abu Zaidi and Eswan Kinne contributed to this report.
Oslo (CNN) -- While the Nobel Peace Prize was being awarded this week in an ornate hall in Oslo, a small island nearby was shrouded in a cold mist that made it seem almost haunted.|||Sad people gathered at the Secunda Church Sunday morning to sing the Swedish national anthem and celebrate a modern day Nobel Peace Prize. "The singers played a staggering and mournful, powerful and haunting rendition from the birthplace of Norway," said Seymore Gatwick, a professor at New York University's Stern School of Business. The hall, named after Winston Churchill, seemed empty. Simon Sheffer, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, performed an improvised rendition of the 1963 Civil Rights song, "Open For Business," and was surrounded by his audience of Scandinavian politicians and journalists. "I feel like I'm in a museum," she said.
(CNN) -- Frances Reid, best known for her decades-long portrayal of Alice Horton on the soap opera "Days of our Lives," died Wednesday at the age of 95.|||TheGene Reid has died, and her husband of 66 years, Murray, the rock band leader Bernie, is seeking privacy until his family receives the official word, Reid said in a statement released Tuesday. The late actor and rocker -- who had played a variety of roles, including Molly Tingle on "The Beverly Hillbillies" -- was also widely credited for his contributions to the musical group Ethel Waters and the pop group Cream. He was also a member of the Brooklyn Bridge Construction Company, and planned to attend the funeral. "I'm very sad and it's also very fitting that the grave is open for me now as I'm obviously the first woman of that generation that will be laid to rest," he said. Her character was a university professor of mathematics, he added. Reid, who married William Hynes in 1953, would later briefly return to acting, including a stint on NBC's "Brokeback Mountain" and the short-lived "Paul Lynde" before leaving the series and moving to Los Angeles. "I was very fortunate to have done this and I have been blessed with an incredible family," he said. "My wife and I did an entire production process here where we worked full time and it was that kind of passion." "Days of our Lives" star Nancy Silk is one of six actresses at the time who were named in a new book "Made in Hollywood." Susan Mathers died Monday.
(CNN) -- A suspected serial killer has killed for the last time.|||The Last photo. The body of Anthony Raposo, 39, was found July 5. Investigators say Raposo tortured his victims, including three murder victims who were targeted by friends and acquaintances. In addition, Raposo strangled victims in their apartment. A neighbor called 911. The attack comes more than two years after Raposo was found dead with slit throat and neck, according to authorities. Prior to that, Raposo also had three previous severed human heads found in his apartment in 2007. Insiders believed Raposo strangled the victims in a bid to get back at them. The body was found about five weeks later in another apartment.
WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The Defense Department will release "a substantial number" of photographs showing abuse of prisoners at prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.|||Monday i the government will release more than 300 photographs of prisoners, which will be filled with images of abuse and misbehavior. The photographs were taken from the Camp Delta and Jubbal Ismail prisons in Afghanistan and Iraq. The report, from Inspector General Col. Mark Myers, that was issued Wednesday, lays out the extent of the "credible incidence of abuse" between July 2001 and June 2006. Although results will be limited, the report, which cannot be immediately compared with other reports since then, will not include any details about individual prisoners' cases. "However, the revelation and true content of the photographs is of growing concern to international organizations and the public," said Ian Tuttle, the ACLU's Senior Counsel. The preliminary report is expected to be made available to Congress in March, he said. According to the report, 30 photographs were taken in December 2001 and February 2002 by Yemeni Al Qaida. The paper does not say whether inmates were being abused at the time. Some of the photographs show boxes with mats that indicate where the inmates had been kept, and others appear to show only parts of a cell, Tuttle said. "While not necessarily the result of human mistreatment, this report does shed light on how we in the government often appear to inflict punishment," Tuttle said. "As a result, the photo situation is captured on numerous occasions. "We hope that these photo opportunities will make for valuable and illuminating public relations opportunity for all Americans." The report was scheduled to be released to "close friends, supporters, and other advocates" Wednesday and Friday, the report said. A statement from the White House press office issued an apology "for the alleged actions of Secretary Kerry and his staff in relation to these matters," he said. "Secretary Kerry continues to strongly oppose any suggestion that President Bush should limit or publicly reveal the photographs that may expose abuse and mistreatment of detainees. Secretary Kerry also acknowledges that serious, significant human rights abuses occur within our prisons, and there is no official policy or rule for such acts." Through its Freedom of Information Act, the ACLU requested the documents be released to the public. Nearly eight weeks have passed since President Bush instructed the Pentagon not to release the images. On Monday, reporters the State Department and attorneys general' said they were reviewing the documents. Secretary Secretary John Kerry told reporters that the guidelines came "in response to numerous requests for information" -- a pledge not to disclose details. We got very little feedback, the media said.
(CNN) -- With the presidential race heading into its final stretch, both candidates vow to protect the sacred promises made to military families. But neither is offering any details on how they might support military families if we hit a fiscal cliff with budget cuts that could wipe out services for military and veterans' families.|||True. Of course, the difference in the focus on Obama versus Romney is that Obama's budget proposals will be more expansive, stating his goal of higher "equality, cut taxes and more jobs" -- and Duncan Hunter, for example, says he plans to double Social Security and Medicare benefits for every citizen. But that offers no way for families and veterans to access healthcare and support services. What one and only hope for would be for deficit reduction and comprehensive cuts in taxes are impossible unless Republicans and Democrats agree on major and realistic plans for reducing spending -- at least in a way that can deliver for family income, employment and pensions, let alone the family and veterans. A more responsible debate, one in which government fails to use public funds to invest in necessary programs and services, might have addressed this deficit gap. Instead, candidates outshine each other in their treatment of the military. Then they blame our collective frustration at the Republicans who cut spending in the past on inaction and lack of leadership. How they resolve the fiscal crisis, they say, will determine whether American lives are better off because of stronger defense or tighter austerity. In their race, Obama and Romney have made similar promises -- that "Our military, our families, and our communities, will continue to work together across the board." But this "defense" is one example of a dynamic that doesn't always translate well to bipartisan backing for domestic policies in areas that still face a hard financial future. Obama will be able to keep promises he made on the campaign trail, while Romney will be hampered by time to get his strategy together. But both candidates couldn't commit to the same hard economic and fiscal plan in a promising campaign speech, or come close to doing so in a debate. In the debates, their opposition has focused more on measures Republicans and Democrats could see in the offing -- on, say, universal background checks. In answer to if the military could be furloughed, the two men will say: yes, we can do it. And that their big idea is to keep the troops physically active and retain highly-skilled members at home and out of harm's way. They will also say that, if America's economic situation evolves into one of dependency, they will be there to help. But because they have so little experience with such situations, they haven't been able to work that hard -- or, more likely, to get lost in the discussion. So what will they do if we have to cut spending? Beyond getting out of this ideological bind, the key players in the presidential race are promising to grow the military. They've promised to give veterans permanent jobs to spur economic growth. They've pledged to build communities out of boxes. But no one is offering specifics yet on how they might create more military jobs. Consider the following list of promising jobs -- one created in every state -- for every military family. And it includes: Essential Teaching and Professional Development programs (TRAP). DASH and Urban Development Programs (DHRP) The Department of Defense (DTRF) offers recreational school, college tuition, adult day care and college-cadet dorms, meals-on-demand, computer, health care, family caregiver programs and child care. The Department of Labor (DOT) and the Department of Treasury (DOT) offer service and family assistance, public assistance programs and a variety of student loan and bill assistance. DUTF has more than 4,000 retired military personnel and military spouses under its care, making it the largest taxpayer-funded education program in the U.S.
(CNN) -- Car tires disappearing under knee-high water. Rescuers ferrying residents from their homes in inflatable boats.|||Four residents trapped on their roof and trapped near a flooded farmhouse in New York are among 43 people still unaccounted for. Rescuers battling flooding in parts of Philadelphia are working to rescue the residents, who are a mixture of young and elderly. Many of the homes suffered severe flooding and the waters reached nearly their roofs, said the city's emergency management spokeswoman Jennifer Sandlin. "It's incredible," Sandlin said. "I've never seen anything like it." She said authorities were still trying to determine if rescue workers managed to reach the stranded residents. "A lot of vehicles -- including people in the cars," Sandlin said. "We have left 150 homes untouched." Cars continued to float outside the houses and remained in danger of going under. The sanitation department said that residents who moved into unheated homes drove their vehicles into pools, sank them and their tires tore up in the flooding. Some houses, including the Four Seasons Hotel in San Pedro Cesar Chavez, had roofs that were leaking. A couple of brothers in the Toronto area complained they were not able to get water out of their homes after the wind started blowing from the north. CNN's Tim Stone contributed to this report.
Princeton, New Jersey (CNN) -- There is at present a profound uncertainty about currencies. That is why the president of the World Bank, Robert Zoellick, created such a stir with a brief reference to an enhanced role for gold in the course of a plea for a more sustainable international exchange rate system.|||The money -- although US President Barack Obama and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe were talked about and have been mentioned multiple times in the past -- do not expect many economists or politicians like Nobel Prize-winner Robert Zoellick to dismiss the recent lessons of macroeconomics as nonsense. Indeed, there are some emerging economists who want to bring in central bankers to think this differently. But an ongoing round of international negotiations about the value of gold has plagued the emerging markets of Asia and Europe. President Zizek spoke to delegates from all around the world about how vital gold is and did not mention monetary policy in the context of his talk. The significance of one issue -- including the future of the global currency -- may yet get lost in some of the commentary. Recent news headlines, for instance, have stirred up the debate about global currencies, but to whom? The comments concerning the other risks are consistent with the latest developments in the world's economy. In an interview with CNN's Dana Bash, Mr. Zoellick said that the introduction of a Central Bank was an effort by governments to stabilize currencies. How could that achieve this if monetary policy still remained deeply imbalanced or weaker than the agreements they reached between citizens? It is a question worth exploring.
(CNN) -- Whether you're looking for a laid-back evening or want to party the night away, there are plenty of bars and clubs in Malmo to keep you entertained.|||The were dressed in blazers with brocades and leather banquets and carried backpacks to look out for searchlights and cars. Germans and Swedes alike were on the lookout for the elusive terrorist who was snatched from a dark, rainy street in Malmo on Saturday, May 14, as they searched out the remains of Norway's nuclear submarine cruiser after the port facility exploded in the Baltic Sea. The shell, part of the USS Alberta, capsized and sank into the water after midnight, when it was still intact. More than 25,000 people were evacuated, and the city suffered a 20-hour blackout. CNN's Michael Lindholm visited the site on a crew providing maps and recommendations. He said getting used to the sound-proof windows is a big part of the fun. Still, he was glad to see the town has become so popular with Swedish men. This is because of its diversity. The school can still offer classes in Swedish and English, Lindholm said. There is also a Swedish football team, the Swedish Hockey Team, that plays well in the larger Finnish cities. However, musicians are still making moves in the Swedish capital. "We have a lot of fun playing music, but we are trying to think about the fact that we are already here," Lindholm said. There was also a break in the sand at the popular Maldiba, which is the largest island in Sweden, so lads and lasses managed to escape. African dancers from communities across the island landed in the city to dance in the national stadium. The spectators and customers at the stadium aren't there to sit still, Lindholm said. "They want to party and they dance like nobody is watching. We want to give them a nice friendly reception," Lindholm said. © 2010 CNN. All rights reserved.
Tucson, Arizona, public schools suspended their Mexican-American studies program after an administrative law judge ruled it violated a new state law and the state said the local district was going to lose $15 million in annual aid, officials said.|||The government said it is withdrawing $15 million in federal funding for the program, and ordered it to stop immediately. That means Arizona will be reduced by $4.4 million to $11 million over five years. President Obama called the move "disheartening," but said he would send a message that America is open for business. "We will not stop with race relations in America," the president said. "We are open to dialogue. We are open to understanding and we are open to a variety of perspectives in American communities." Arizona is not the first state where the Spanish-language study program was suspended in the wake of controversy. In 2008, the state responded to critics' protests by requiring the renewal of an accepted curriculum in the school district of David Moscovitch. But after more than a year in the program, it was canceled by the Arizona Department of Education, which was set to begin the next school year in September. Opponents have said the program was wrong because it has never been endorsed by the Department of Education in its history. One of the critics said a new definition of modern education requires that immigrants have to complete specific skills before being considered for citizenship. This year's test has already exposed students and teachers to challenging material, and the tests fell short of what critics had complained were insufficient standards. "Most of the time, people are challenged," said Brian Chukwuma, a professor of English and American Studies at the University of Arizona. "There has been no increasing number of federal standards, and language standards also cannot possibly change." Chukwuma said students are allowed to use preferred subjects such as Latin American and Native American history. "Of course, they need some work on an individual level to get their individual standards," he said. Distractions to students, parents, teachers and administrators are prohibited. Tucson Public Schools said it has been a source of controversy for its Mexican-American studies program since it began, but that testing in November generated some backlash from parents. A racial-bias study missed the start of the academic year as schools thought it would, and students have become more vocal. According to the Arizona Department of Education, students are now focusing their energy on community outreach in other areas and drawing up plans for classrooms to practice a curriculum that teaches modern ways of engaging with students. "They are lamenting the fact that we won't have the opportunity to address these students in their own words and are blaming them for what has happened," spokeswoman Ashley Hahn said. The Arizona Department of Education said it would also have to close schools without a new plan to bring back curriculum. The department also said in a statement, "the education department has declared the program will not be implemented for this school year." After the program suspension, some parents were inconvenienced. But district officials said it was a matter of the best interest of the students and would not make immediate changes. "This will be a long-term effort to return them to that position," Hahn said. "In the meantime, many of our students are taking a very hard line with the current curriculum as well as their parents," she said. Representative Becky Rawlings, D-Tucson, said that she will immediately hold a town hall meeting, according to the Arizona Republic. Despite the council's resolution, the program will continue. Superintendent Helton and Superintendent Judge Martin Garrison also apologized to students and parents. Superintendent Hahn also made a statement saying, "The board of education is committed to making sure our students are learning subjects that help our school district thrive and support them." The decision is expected to be appealed.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson's children, and Dr. Arnold Klein denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs.|||Dr Arnold Klein's untimely death last week sparked a heated media frenzy, with some outlets asking whether the late entertainer really killed himself. Klein, 73, denied he was the father of either Joe Jackson or Terri Jean Jackson. He vowed he had never smoked in his home. And he denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs, calling it "a total fabrication." But he admitted he gave Jackson a white powder for sun treatment, which worked. Klein could not say whether he ever administered it or inject them himself. CNN's Lindsay Smoler and Daniel Kaklos contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Imagine sitting at your desk at work and overhearing a co-worker sharing the good news about his or her latest raise, bumping his or her salary to $50,000. You have worked at the company five years longer, in the same position and your salary is $5,000 lower.|||With Money. "But they do have lots of benefits and perks. Now the question is whether we should embrace them instead of feeling guilty for them," said Dave DiPerri of the Wisconsin Institute for Employment Research (WIR). More than 1 million people in the United States and Canada found that the U.S. has the highest poverty rates, while 30% of the working population lives in poverty, the lowest numbers live in poverty. Not only do people have poverty wages, but they have the highest utility rates. Men make a living off of food stamps, while women earn a living by selling goods, according to the WIR. Paid childcare costs are about the same. And if you are part of an organization that depends heavily on government money, WIR doesn't insure poverty. The only $1 benefit you get in government benefits is a Health and Human Services compensation plan. "HIP" cards pay out 4% of income for people who are part of a charitable organization or registered as a service organization," said Stephen Feeney, the chair of the WIR governing board and former chairman of the U.S. Export Promotion Council. Those workers work for the same employers that provide health coverage. Low-wage families were a vital factor in the creation of Social Security. "All of the low-income groups got their taxes from it," said Feeney. Poverty is the most effective poverty rate, which is generally between 30% and 38% among Americans and 40% among immigrants. If you were poor growing up, unemployment rates fell about 21% -- from a level that would be considered high for a low-income family in 1982, when it averaged $12,432 per person, according to the WIR data. Poverty was found to be higher among male-headed households. Low-income families were on average earning $27,121 a year, according to the WIR.
(CNN) -- Mila Kunis -- and her baby bump and engagement ring -- are out of hiding.|||According to People magazine, the 36-year-old actress was last seen on a red carpet with her family in Santa Barbara, California, in February at the end of their shoot for their upcoming summer comedy, Serena -- and with special baby showers planned throughout the summer -- in the small village of Ellora, Utah. Kunis' family spokesman said the actress was not on set as she filmed "Winter's Bone," with a team including a rumored "Iron Fist" co-star. CNN's Mark Armstrong, who was close to Kunis' family when she asked to stay anonymous for the Chicago-set comedy shoot, told the magazine that the actress "wanted to be under the radar" during the shoot. While Kunis was away, pregnant and making a silent stand, family members said the couple had undergone a "consistent" pregnancy. "They had been pretty private about it." Kunis added that she and Ashton Kutcher, who plays her dad in the movie, are planning on naming the couple a few months after they marry. "We haven't spoken to each other in months. I wanted to be a little quiet to get ready," Kunis said. The "SNL" and "Angelina Jolie" actress insisted on keeping the pregnancy secret. "I've been trying not to reveal anything," she said. "Until we get to the movie." Kunis -- who's 4 feet 2 inches tall and weighs 112 pounds -- is expecting in September and has a three-month-old daughter named Luna, according to People Magazine. "She just started acting in movies last fall. She started acting with Mila and so we got that movie based on her," Mila said. "I guess I will be moving with my mom." According to People, Kunis is carrying her baby's first child and is currently filming with Sarah Silverman and Alia Shawkat. Mila was pregnant with son Wyatt Russell via a surrogate pregnancy in October. Young Katie Blair, the actress' sister and a publicist for Kunis, insisted on not revealing much at the time. "There's no way we would talk about that story. She's the most private of us. With our child and then everybody in the world. We don't want anybody to know it. It's too private. It's not about us," Blair told CNN. "It's about the kids." Kunis commented on the pregnancy on social media, writing, "I love these kids." Forbes picked up Kunis' Instagram story with the caption, "Could not be happier to bring home baby number 1." CNN's Alysha Afshar contributed to this report.
(CNN)If Nintendo has its way, you can prepare for a visit to the magical land of Hyrule, looking more real than ever.|||Anat 120 days to go (say, 30, to be exact), the endgame of U4 will be a kid's game, the studio says.So to speak. "And if Nintendo can't produce a world than we can make its own if it makes up our mind," the company tells CNN. In other words, in preparation for that world being open to everyone, the process needs to go through the regulatory process, which in this case is holding the Nintendo Switch. "So in theory, Nintendo can make its own games so you don't have to sign up for anyone," the studio says. Nintendo doesn't mention the Nintendo Switch in its announcement, nor do they describe the game in the game release date. But the concept is pretty clear: Games that the company made can be easy to play and accessible on all devices. The only problem is that Nintendo doesn't do much wacky computer graphics. "It's not fun to play for four hours on a Nintendo Switch," Inno Martin Arndt, the former SanDisk executive said in a commentary for the Wall Street Journal, "because the screen gets smaller and smaller and smaller." That said, the developer isn't shy about making its games "cool," and somehow he thinks the new U4 could still be pretty cool, considering how the last game (U4) looks. "These games, the level design and how they play, they do it all different, for different people," director Jakob Caminio said. "The planets just look different." Video games aren't entirely fantasy. From Hasbro's "More Kids Than Ever" franchise to Nintendo's "Sonic the Hedgehog" series, stories about light-hearted and innocent teenage Nintendo characters abound. But this time around, the biggest heroes of Wii U 2: Journey may be female protagonists Asya Nakamura and Princess Peach. And with Destiny, Nintendo is planning to make its next game the definitive reboot of the franchise. "Man, we hope it's going to be good," Caminio said. "Hopefully they're going to say: 'Play ball for a while and it might be the last time.' The franchise is in limbo at the moment because Nintendo's ambitions for the console "have been in limbo for a long time. Maybe we're in this for the long haul. Maybe the console owners were not thinking about this right from the get-go." However, if the new Game Plus 3D model was the success it's in the next games' trailers, Nintendo may have just handed the world a new and exciting role-playing game: "FIFA 19." Nintendo says it didn't abandon the series in its decision to modernize, but no Nintendogs have played a role in it. "What has changed is that we're a fan-base, and we don't want our game to only be an ongoing crowd pleaser and a need-selling drive for the console. So it's a game where you want to see something new. " But Nintendo has stressed that the development process is very quick and it will take a long time," a spokesman for the company told CNN. "As Wii U develops, we'll be starting full production soon." Game features a magnificent new dresser. There's a hand-drawn parade of snowflakes. There's a simple mission board with lots of text for exploring the environment. It's not many scenes that will have you in hysterics. But what is unique about the U4 game is that it reads (significantly) like Old World cartoons, complete with actors and animation credits. Two directors behind the new aesthetic live in front of the U4 world, with Master Quest lighting up the world to make you feel included. Nintendo also announced that U4 will be the new big business. "Making games and movies is a big part of Nintendo's strategy, and we are all very excited about it and we are committed to making it happen," said a Nintendo spokesman. A U4 spokesperson didn't respond to request for comment on the new status of the game. However, Nintendo says that "Nintendo continued to be the publisher of U4, and its announcement of U4 was in line with that strategy." U4 will end on Friday.
(CNN) -- A 6-year-old girl, detained in Arizona on suspicion of entering the United States illegally, is now at a shelter in El Paso, Texas, as authorities try to locate a relative.|||The child appeared by DNA tests Sunday, a day after authorities said her supposed mother was found safe at a Las Vegas, Nevada, rest stop. An affidavit on the child's behalf alleges that her parents left the girl with two sex offenders and the three dealers in a motel room where she was staying. She is a Liberian citizen. The affidavit, marked "Download" on the court database, said the girl's mother, Jennifer Willoughby, was back in the country on Monday and the two adults returned Tuesday night. A statement from Willoughby's lawyers said the girl was being held without bond after she crossed into the country through a border patrol sector near Tucson. She told authorities she had not met her mother's boyfriend. She said her mother had been told she was staying with her. Her father, who has lived in Las Vegas for seven years, was not allowed to stay at his longtime residence, and others refused to take her in. Her mother also recently left the country, the affidavit said. Willoughby's mother called authorities after learning of the incident. "Jennifer's mother asked that people not attack her or her daughter," it said. "Jennifer's husband has been supportive of her." The statement went on to say that Tuesday's detention was her first this year, the second time she was detained in the United States since 2000. About a month later, her father left to Arizona to visit another relative, the affidavit said. It also said Don Juan Guzman, the man who worked for Navarra County Sheriff's Department, had been working in the area under an alias. Guzman, 52, had no one with him, the complaint said. Global Citizen News, which previously covered the child's case, showed images of Guzman in his jail uniform with his hands cuffed behind his back. The woman's four-year-old twin daughters -- who are in the custody of the girls' uncle -- were also captured at the border, according to the complaint. A man was killed during a shootout between Border Patrol agents and several Mexican officers Wednesday. The U.S. Border Patrol said it had no immediate information on the person in custody.
(EW.com) -- One of the more intriguing pop controversies of 2013 was the friendly fire exchanged over the perceived similarities between Katy Perry's "Roar" and Sara Bareilles' "Brave."|||Brad's lead singles "Roar" and "Brave" went gold last weekend, earning raves from critics and fans alike. But all it took for the internet to point out a startling similarity between the tracks was a tie between the song's title: "Roar." Under the surface, it's much clearer: "Brave" has a title like "Keep Me Safe," and the video reveals an overtly gay detail that involved the singer directly crossing over the line from love to sex from bisexual/sad to gay. In actuality, it doesn't come across that way; it's just that Sara Bareilles' white girl dreams always rule: "I wanted to go out with you." Celebrity designer and three-time Grammy winner Beyonce appeared at the first Billy Joel & Jackie Evancho benefit for sickle cell anemia on Thursday. But the friendship has moved on to ill health and Perrie Webber told EW over the weekend that she was "threatened with surgery." Soon after, 3D Thinking Messed Up an HIV test report that Adele supposedly handled. And just a couple days later, the Supreme Court ruled that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) could take over Georgia's It's OK Act, leaving green people behind. Official statement: "We are disappointed that many of the recent alleged violations of Georgia and Tennessee criminal laws have been addressed in this Court's rulings."
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Hong Kong is on high alert after an Indonesian domestic helper contracted the city's first human case of H7N9 avian flu, the city's government says.|||The preventive healthcare service in Hong Kong, then ordered by the government, has informed all mainland China companies that they can avoid flying to Hong Kong after the Indonesian woman, 48-year-old Sri Salim Limpohem, lost her energy early this morning while on a four-day trip to Victoria Harbour. She arrived one day after her foreign employer signed off her assignment. Also, Leung Sai-hee, 30, a doctor who said he works for a pharmaceutical company in the city, told CNN that his wife is on a course to be tested for the highly contagious virus. Dr. Albert Wong told reporters in Dalian, Indonesia, that Limpohem and the woman are currently not under surveillance. Singapore, the nearest mainland Chinese city, has applied for a rapid response team. Kim Fong-chia, Hong Kong's deputy doctor general, has said there have been 49 cases so far and the cases are in all of China. There was no specific public health threat to Hong Kong because of Kim's experience, according to the city's health department. But tests were also performed on the worker's loved ones, said Dr. Guo Xiaohui, principal infectious disease epidemiologist at the Tuashe Institute of Tropical Medicine, a refugee agency in South China. Kim was involved in the hiring and the selecting of Limpohem's maid. Kim was with her family for at least four years. The two were working as mobile health workers to be in a home-based medical practice on their final day in the city. "There was no indication there was any contagious symptom at this point," Guo said. The bloodwork resulted in the condition to be released, which means Kim's infection has been definitively confirmed. Kim is so far showing no symptoms of the disease in other people she has helped. The company conducted its tests on 60 domestic animals at the time and received further information from the National Microbiology Laboratory in Geneva, Switzerland. High Alert. CNN's Dominik Berlak and Elaine Opal are reported to have been in Haiti before going to the Singapore. They are on vacation in Nice at the moment. They will return to Haiti on Sunday.
(CNN) -- Nearly 400 people were killed overnight Saturday by government shelling in what is supposed to be a "no-fire" zone of Sri Lanka, a humanitarian worker in the area told CNN on Sunday.|||All told CNN that there was no ceasefire between the LTTE and the Tamil Liberation Tigers when they came under fire around 3:30 a.m. The LTTE, a government-backed rebel group, called the rebels "menace" on Saturday, and told residents that it planned to go to the forefront in civil war. "We are going to use our power if we have to," said Fawn Balaweera. Over 100 of the dozens of deaths occurred overnight Saturday, Balaweera said. "We are reaching out directly to some quarters who are unhappy with the situation," he said. In what is the deadliest single incident of fighting in Sri Lanka since 2004, the country's largest security forces used artillery against rebels and rebels on Sunday, he said. The soldiers went after "anti-balaka rebels" in several villages in Gumbariga, Sri Lanka's central port city, Balaweera said. Yaseen Ahmed, the spokesman for the LTTE, said authorities would investigate the violence. "The government is not interested in making another contribution," he said. Earlier Sunday, Syrian militants fired shells in the city, killing two people and wounding nine others, according to Human Rights Watch. The shelling apparently involved homemade mortars. Residents believe foreign nationals also attacked the city by building an improvised bomb. With an estimated 1,600 villages in the area, Bassein continues to report explosions since the beginning of this year. "It appears that we have not seen the end of this bloodshed," Walil Jaafar, an army commander, said. CNN's Laith Bathijee contributed to this report.
It breaks my heart to read about the death of James Boyd, a homeless man shot and killed by Albuquerque police in March. Boyd was apparently mentally ill.|||I, Brooke Kropp, a homeless man who wandered through a lot of Albuquerque one night and was killed at a light pole by three Albuquerque police officers. Kropp, who said Boyd did not mean to harm anyone, tweeted he was surprised by what the police department told him was going on with the previous incident. "Absolutely shocking to read about this guy," Kropp wrote. "Would you be OK with that?" Kropp also wrote on a personal blog: "I think it's a terrible call that broke a family. I just think this shouldn't have happened. And certainly should the community be protected from police abuses." Kropp -- a graduate of Colorado State University -- was one of the students this summer who told police she had a history of verbal abuse and domestic violence. Police have said the man wandered into their neighborhood looking for help. Their last time he talked to police was in 2013. Boyd was not a victim of domestic violence; it was his 18th year as a homeless man. In 1989, they tried to put him in jail after he threw a Molotov cocktail into a bathtub. He refused, the state claims, and they were forced to let him go. Four months later, Boyd's life was cut short by a police dog; the unnamed officer gunned down Boyd, 23, in an icy hotel parking lot. He did not fall from a second-floor hotel window. Nine homeless men were killed when a deer attacked a police officer in Omaha, Nebraska in September, killing more than 25 people. Authorities are investigating the Oct. 11, 2015, shooting in which New Mexico police shot and wounded James Rojas III. In the days and weeks after the Omaha incident, there was a rash of deadly incidents in Albuquerque, most notably the fatal shooting of Vincent Rey in May 2016. Four people were shot in the line of duty at the Apache Indian Reservation in June, when a stray bullet hit a trailer owned by a homeless man and hit a propane tank. Deve
(CNN) -- Nine U.N. peacekeepers were killed in an ambush Friday in Mali, a U.N. spokesman said.|||Eight U.N. peacekeepers were killed in a short-lived attack in northern Mali on Friday morning, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said. The attack, the latest in a string of deadly attacks in South Africa, triggered a ground incursion by gunmen from Mali's Togolese side, according to the spokesman for Mali's President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita. Foreign countries participating in the operation to reinforce its South African allies in Mali were warned earlier this week that an attack in the area was imminent. "The perpetrators took advantage of the fact that they do not know the capabilities of the international peacekeepers to carry out their role," John Kirby said in a statement Friday night. Malian forces have been battling rebels who have battled U.N. troops since December in the Droupa region in Central Africa. Nine U.N. peacekeepers died in the Mali ambush, and seven of the injured were in critical condition.
(CNN) -- Hamburg have moved up to fourth place in the Bundesliga, only behind Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg on goal difference, after a comfortable 2-0 home victory over Energie Cottbus on Sunday.|||TheThe Gunners, who should be by odds of doing worse, claimed a surprising 2-1 victory over Energie Cottbus after Andre Schubert's strike was saved by the offside flag in the second half. Mark Uth was first on the scoresheet after Hugo Lloris met Simon Kjellberg's cross with his head, thus earning him his first and only league goal since the turn of the year. Ulmer Alm, who looked set for a blockbuster strike, then fired home from close range to double break away from the left post following a neat header from Thomas Muller, who was unmarked as he beat defender Julian Weigl.Philipp Paul won the second goal at the other end for defending champions Bayern, who remain three points above last season's runners-up in the table, conceding just one more goal than Schubert's initial effort after 16 minutes. Fulham and bottom club Bayer Leverkusen were held by bottom side Hertha Berlin in another cagey game, although both sides provided an experienced striker with creative opportunities after doubling their lead through goals from former Liverpool forward Nicklas Bendtner and Thomas Strahl. Arjen Robben sealed victory for Rotwein, who held VfL Wolfsburg to a scoreless draw while Dinamo Zagreb and FC Schalke, plus Arsenal and Bayern Munich, were held by Hertha. The one-time British champions hope to challenge for the second Bundesliga title in less than two seasons, a record as unbeaten as they have in their first 18 years in the league. Hamburg moved to fourth place for the first time in league history thanks to a second half hat-trick from reigning champion Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who blasted home his side's fifth in the 46th minute after scoring twice in the second half. Fabio Langkamp scored in the 26th minute for Burnley to leave Slavia Prague in third place, behind Schalke and Hertha. The Bavarians beat Cologne 3-1 in Vienna before drawing with Huesca 3-3 in Berlin. Gelsenkirchen and Schalke will resume their Premier League campaigns this week with a must-win away trip to Everton on Saturday. The Norwegian and Englishmen both made it two defeats from two games on Saturday after Jurgen Klopp's side suffered a comfortable 4-1 loss at Borussia Dortmund. Part of the reason for Wolfsburg's slump was a poor start, but they were lucky to get a goal from Otto Muller with nine minutes remaining, but they conceded just three minutes after half time after Philipp Lang set up Stefan Kiessling for Villarreal.
(CNN) -- U.S. law enforcement seized thousands of pounds of drugs and arrested hundreds of people in a synchronized bust targeting Mexican drug cartels and their associates, federal authorities said Friday.|||The arrests, convictions and deportation proceedings stemmed from a joint Homeland Security, Drug Enforcement Administration, and federal and state law enforcement operations that took place early Thursday morning in the Mexican state of Michoacan, authorities said. The operation, where police seized millions of dollars' worth of drugs, also included hundreds of arrests of suspected traffickers, as well as a police officer suspected of supplying the drug kingpins with spare parts and ammunition, among other things, authorities said. The federal officers, dubbed Project El Mirador, used machines that seized 1,500 pounds of cocaine from 675 locations throughout Michoacan, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said. Mexican officials in June confirmed that approximately 100 are believed to be the target of the operation. In late January, U.S. drug enforcement officials arrested 25 people in two raids in Tecate, Mexico, most of whom were Mexican nationals. Police are investigating those arrests as possible criminal violations. In October, the DEA carried out simultaneous raids in Van Nuys, California, and across the border in Phoenix. Both raids centered on a 160-square-mile (400-square-kilometer) warehouse where authorities say they discovered the cocaine farm owned by an Asuncion native surnamed Rilley, 52, and whose property included more than $4 million in cash, real estate and tools. The search for Rilley netted more than 35 million Mexican pesos ($2 million), he said. Multiple nongovernmental organizations were also involved in the operation, authorities said. Several Mexican border states donated their federal troops to be on standby for security purposes, the DEA said. "With the intense security that came during the operation, this operation showed international solidarity," DEA Director Bill Morrell said. The operation was spearheaded by Drug Enforcement Administration special agents with the Dallas Field Division, he said.
JAMAICA PLAIN, Massachusetts (CNN) -- Lucy Valena is hooked on coffee.|||A deal over Knox Crater's joint in Williamsport for a searchable classified ad in the New York Times. Since 2005, the group has recruited do-gooders for a monthly ad in the paper. If these people become sellers, chances are very good they have unique personal touch. One of the reasons is that Valena Attice loves coffee. It gave her start as a skydiver and eventually she turned to it as her career rose. She got a taste of coffee in the area of tourism, so she created her own tea shop. Through the company, she started marketing herself. Now, she chooses stores to market her organic tea blends and roasts them for themselves. Valena said the coffee is a little spicy, but it helps clear off her nasal yeast infections, which make it easy to clean her nose. "I liked the smell," Valena said. "You get used to coffee and the smell." The habit went on for several years. "And after I started making my own, I wanted to keep doing it," Valena said. Valena's online advertising helps attract sponsors, who often check her out after the black tea leaves she grows are dead, the company says. "I prefer unsweetened," Valena said. "It opens up the world. I have so many colorful tables. I go in shopping and get a cup of coffee." The company, like its surrounding group of stores, has been affected by the coffee shortage. Valena is a member of an environmental organization called Real Corona.  The group provides free accommodations to individuals experiencing coffee shortages. "This is a great location for Red Cross homes to be able to put together programs to help people through coffee crises," Valena said. "I'm grateful to the Red Cross and Royal Hospital for Children." Valena said she is working with volunteers to put the project together. "I thought about how to join the Red Cross and I just couldn't resist, I didn't know the area." She appreciates the positive energy in the community and she loved the idea of setting up an education after high school. Valena said people sometimes quit going to work early in the morning or early afternoon so they don't have to wait for their muesli fix. She said that feeling was a comfort to her because she felt like she was getting paid for what she was doing. "I feel like coffee is helping the people I've got to serve," Valena said. "It's giving me something else to do." The organization she volunteers with, local coffee cafe Ready Me Coffee, is a nonprofit holding coffee shops and bake sales in Williamsport, Virginia, and in New York, while Valena is working her way up to share her story.
"As we approach the end of our first year in prison, I cannot help but feel proud and strengthened by all that has been achieved so far," said journalist Peter Greste in a letter from a Cairo jail cell.|||Greste's lawyer released him from prison on bail in January on charges of promoting terrorism, after he began risking the life of the 1,128 other journalists put behind bars in Egypt since early December. Jailed in late 2011, in jail for trying to incite rebellion, Greste was sentenced to more than four years but was freed in February on parole after two weeks. There were 140 journalists - mostly foreigners - currently serving prison sentences across the country, the bureau of AP's Middle East desk said. "In this period of unprecedented violent repression and insurrections, the public deserves a full attention," it said in a statement. Author Amira Casar wrote to Greste via Twitter to wish him luck with his appeal. "With your privacy continually being violated you are not known to the media world," she said. "My prayer is that you will be readily released when the clock strikes twelve and re-united in full with your family." "I am not a martyr," read an expression Greste regularly told a video-recorded session of his show on the Turkiye Mashrut television network. "This is a political prisoners' issue, and this is my way of standing up to injustice." Many journalists are leaving Egypt because of the bloodshed, corruption and repression they face. Mohamed Ghoreb took over after Abdel Fattah al-Sisi was overthrown in the May 16, 2013, military coup that followed a revolt against his two-decade rule. Hundreds of journalists have disappeared since the uprising against al-Sisi was launched. Osama bin Laden, during whose final days he ruled Iraq, has helped inspire Journos to report on the conflict.
Beirut, Lebanon (CNN) -- Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, considered Hezbollah's first spiritual leader, has died, his office told CNN Sunday.|||He said Monday that the "New Year is called for Christians to pray in unity against all faiths." It's been a turbulent year for the 15-year-old Shiite movement Hezbollah. Fighting Israel, with Iranian and Russian backing, has intensified. Americans are battling NATO forces in Iraq. CNN's Saudi Arabia and U.S. government reporters have traveled to Lebanon for the weekly two-day Israel-Palestinian peace talks. The leaders of Hezbollah, Iran, and the Lebanese militant group Hamas (Hamas in Arabic) have also been involved in deadly attacks in Syria. And on Friday, 10 dead people were killed in Syria when an Israeli airstrike hit close to the office of the Hezbollah representative in Beirut.
JALOZAI REFUGEE CAMP, Pakistan (CNN) -- It's an exodus on an almost biblical scale. And it has produced a mosaic of plastic and canvas that is now home to more than 93,000 people -- with more arriving each day.|||It's wide-ranging population could amount to 18 states. So how could these facilities alone cope with all of these refugees? If only I could get to Salala Valley just in time. At its center sits Qalandar, the largest refugee camp in Pakistan. No one has landed there from Afghanistan for more than four decades. A UN official described it as "one of the most desolate corners of Pakistan," one of the largest refugee camps in the country and in its wider network. And it is home to communities that have fought for months to prevent what is called "illegal migration" from neighboring Afghanistan. Al-Qaiqa Iqbal, 35, recently arrived from Afghanistan and met with his wife, Maryam, who lived on the same patch of farmland since 1975. Maryam decided to settle in Salala Valley. "I got here and decided to build a new home for myself," Maryam said. She lives with a herd of seven goats -- one of them her own. The Iqbal family kept the goats to build fences at their home and next to the camp. "From there it took two weeks to come here. The Mongolian Kurds also came here. Afghanistan tried to stop them too," Maryam said. "But they had other problems." In a vain bid to stop the migration from coming back to Afghanistan, the UNHCR initiated an emergency process to move displaced people there. Thousands of unaccompanied children from Pakistan are currently camped at Qalandar, some having been processed or taken to another location. They have paid UNHCR $2.5 million in back pay. Officials have set up a transfer program to India in an effort to provide a safe and secure land to return. They have set up an emergency fund for those who have already entered Pakistan. CNN's Abdulla Ramazan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- One week after Edvard Munch's "The Scream" shattered art auction records, Mark Rothko's "Orange, Red, Yellow" has broken the price ceiling for a work of contemporary art.|||Three days after the Tate Modern's opening auction had been able to set a record of $10.1 billion, Rothko's was finally sold this week at the Bonham auction in London. About $2.2 billion of the auction's $15 million mark came from last month's fall sale of Mondrian's "Moonlight and the Alligator," which fetched $1.8 billion. Collectors said it was the only work of art at auction that had topped the $1.5 billion mark. Just last week, Christie's held an auction which fetched $1.1 billion, marking a $9 million-plus increase from the previous fall price of "Frankfurter Jugendliche Werke" and buying all of "Eckhart Tolle's Gunpowder Works." The pieces will be seen in commercial galleries at the couple's gallery on Monday. Click through the gallery gallery to see the gallery center from Christie's.
College Park, Maryland (CNN) -- In his hectic, noisy laboratory at the University of Maryland, Michael Pecht is wary when it comes to assessing whether Toyota's suggested repair of sticky gas pedals will have any real impact.|||Pcht has repeatedly praised Toyota's 2013 statement urging drivers to fix their gas pedals, saying they were made "by much less rough products." "I have absolutely no doubts that the task is actually done." Pecht would do what he does best, fix the cars, except that we have the huge financial liability and weak track record for claims against the Japanese automaker. "It's not about our motives." Pecht concedes there is some truth to Toyota's assertion in the statement, adding that he is happy for the company's recent "important milestone" in the campaign to tackle the issue. But Pecht cautioned against reading too much into the company's statement because of the high costs and uncertain end-game for Toyota -- namely, replacing gas pedals for cars that are slow to respond to maintenance. "It is how Toyota allocates its money that matters," he told CNN. "If you're going to fix something that's this big, but that's never going to happen, then what's the point? It's just a cover," Pecht said. He said researchers have identified 17 gas pedals which are sticky. Pecht thinks this should mean, by replacing them, some relief for those who have itchy gas pedals. The problem, Pecht said, is those who don't drive. "They won't be able to stop themselves from doing that," he said. After hours of testing at two of Toyota's four test sites, Pecht said 10 days after his final test results were posted, many of the vehicles still look like those Toyota self-driving cars. Initial results for Japanese gas pedals? Pecht doesn't like what he's seeing. "I think it's just another excuse for Toyota," he said.
(CNN) -- Fifteen years ago, representatives from every nation came together to voice one common goal: to advance the global status of women in the spirit of equality.|||Students, and women, all over the world came together at the UN during the Madrid Conference on International Women's Day in March 2005, calling for greater woman participation in the new millennium. Many of those women's leaders rallied to increase the women's right to travel, which traditionally has hindered women in South America from traveling and working. "It's an incredibly important global moment, and one that the world cannot escape. I want women to celebrate their rights to travel and travel around the world," says U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. The U.S. delegation urged delegates to use their role to push forward the UN Women Africa Summit that would celebrate humanity's achievements in Africa. Clinton said she is "honored to be a member of this panel and to participate in a historic event." The Time's Up campaign is designed to introduce women to the world's community of leaders. "I believe that a large number of our leaders have done great things," Clinton says. "But... when it comes to extending the world-wide movement of equality, there is still so much to do." Clinton joins the group of women who present their case at the conference. On December 20, the third international women's conference will open with the theme, "The Role of Women in a Community." A panel of more than 4,500 experts will gather on April 23-24, according to organizers. The event is expected to host events in Morocco, Brazil and Hong Kong. If successful, the conference aims to continue the campaigns that were first launched in Rome in 1990. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressed the audience Friday evening in New York, noting her plan to award more than $1.1 billion to the participants. Clinton said that her administration hopes to complete the campaign by the end of this year. She told reporters, "if I could do something with this money, I would do so," adding that her signature is "the Declaration of the Role of Women and the World of Women. " If nothing else, I think this momentum will grow exponentially. " By giving women more opportunities to travel and network, we can facilitate people to travel and travel and meet other travelers across the world to share their stories of travel and meet important issues," Clinton said. "In five years, we want the number of small trade missions conducted between today's countries to reach 2,000 -- and then into our borders. "This initiative can bridge economic, social and political gaps to improve women's opportunities around the world. "The group is hoping to continue its work in Africa and beyond," Clinton said. Among the executive committee members at the conference is Luis Angulo, the Chairman of the Commission on International Women's Issues. Other organizers include Henk Freund, Reuben Van Pattenhoeven, Helmut Dolberk and Mark Hirsky. President-elect Mitt Romney thanked the returning delegates in his New Year's address. "It is a personal victory to represent President Obama on the UN Women Commission," said Hermann Borgen, a longtime Democrat senator and former chief assistant foreign affairs adviser to former President Barack Obama. Bernadette Ventura was a member of the council and her husband worked as the country's top envoy in Moscow.
(CNN) -- Forget shoot-em-up addicts -- video games are reaching out to the rest of us.|||More, the game put ads in stores. The Xbox Live ads don't just look cool. It says what is in the videos. The best available content is black, white and everything in between. The commercials go on for hours, so the survivors don't even notice that all the other gamers have played the videos and enjoyed them. Game developer SGI in Geneva, Switzerland, was involved in the development of the Xbox Live ads after learning of complaints from gamers.  See the full article at CNN.com. These were disputed claims from consumers, and WIRED, a major entertainment media company, called the new ads "shocking" and described them as "offensive."  But they didn't derail or discourage them from buying the ads, which have a 1.9 rating on "CNN"s Top 10 News sites. Look at them in your browser! They're all there in the video above. That's what you need to see. Don't judge these ads. We have modern images of people scrolling through the ads in the background. That's how you know there's an online agenda working. Software like this, especially in video games, provide the tools to control content creators and change the way we play. A graphic that documents the category calls for gamers to lay down their lives for those less competitive. It doesn't tell their story exactly. The language used to communicate the intent of the ad isn't phonetically correct. It calls for a message that appeals to the more introverted part of the human race. Why should we think they won't come back for more?  So you follow us around on Instagram? Is it too much to ask to find someone like you. These users were having a hard time growing up in America and experiencing 9/11. They have to read the ads, watch the videos, figure out what's going on and then move forward. These were documents designed to encourage younger people to connect and maintain their passion for the game. They must be useful to their families. They have to be important to them. Users identified on Facebook with a TED-X talk they plan to attend and to make suggestions to their parents. Examples?
(CNN) -- It's at least as welcome as a warm face towel or the ping of the seatbelt sign going off: A beautiful view as you land.|||TheKang is as much a symbol of hope as it is a metaphor for changing the fortune of a doomed land. He planned, and learned, from an environmental leader, Ronald Reagan, that a space shuttle would leave orbit after a roughly four-day journey. Fortunately he was right. The space shuttle successfully took off from Kennedy Space Center on February 15 and arrived safely on December 24. It took nearly two months for the plan to be made public, and a low-technology satellite navigation system was used to confirm when the time had come. But once it was complete, those onboard the autonomous shuttle program could get a peaceful sense of what they had seen. The act of transmitting the satellite to other ground devices simulates the posture of an astronaut on the globe. For example, the first plane's surveillance satellite directs its lasers to a target and another is sent towards it. An interaction between two ground systems has been a common one over the years. The satellites are self-sufficient and lower-cost now. But they're still a valuable tool. The South Korea Space Exploration Agency said in a September 23 blog posting that a 3D- imaging camera could potentially enable a safer environment on the space shuttle. The satellites are less expensive than the surface-based cameras the space flight program still relies on and they've got global positioning systems like a PAC-3. People outside the space shuttle program need to do their own surveys to see if they're sufficiently organized. What if a specific people's team says a plane is about to crash? What if a plane's autopilot can't deliver its instruments properly? NASA has amassed a radar database of nearly 6,000 sites the space shuttle program has visited, which help keep it ready for any possible catastrophe. Two of the museums in South Korea say shuttle KIABO is definitely "the most technologically advanced aircraft force we've deployed on the planet." And in 2006, the first spacecraft allowed the plane to land in the South Korean airspace for an extended duration. The habitat researchers had teamed up with the South Korean military to help the crew assemble the trip. They won't be interested in replicating that experience at any other ground station, but said the sight of the earth moving around the super system gives them hope that communication technology can improve the ability to continue reconnaissance and navigation. The planet is not for everyone. The South Koreans rely on longer missions to bolster their security, and many astronauts will volunteer to the space program. So, while some in the Navy prefer home and research flight, those in the military use the additional time to study their designs and scope out locations that need something different. They call it a "continuous mission simulator."
(CNN) -- Apple on Wednesday said it would cut the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display while simultaneously updating it with faster processors.|||Apple products are big business and relatively popular. On Wednesday, iReport.com reported that Apple would cut the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro by $100, to $999.59. If you've been waiting to upgrade to the new MacBook Pro, get your monies in now. Apple will start shipping its new 13-inch, $999 model in stores on September 5, iReport.com reported. The MacBook Pro is designed to be the world's best-known and most productive Mac. Its MacBook lines typically sell for $800. Around $3,000 has been the price of the company's computer for many years. In October 2007, Apple released its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro. It didn't exactly leave many consumers shocked when it announced it was a $500 price cut from its earlier $1,000 price for the Retina version. The Retina laptop has a slightly smaller screen area and comes with a smaller processor -- it's almost identical to the 14-inch model. But when it comes to battery life, Apple says the new model is much thinner, thanks to a larger field of view, and a sharper screen resolution. It features one touch-to-read screen, meaning there are fewer pixels on the screen. In 2012, Apple said the Retina MacBook was 40% less expensive than its older model, and it tested the Retina MacBook with a time and computing speed of just 44 minutes, or less than half as long as the latest MacBook Air. The Retina MacBook has an 11.2-inch, 1280 x 768 Super Retina display, and is compatible with several third-party monitors. It's rated for a refresh rate of 2-3 years at 1.6 GHz, iReport.com reported. Apple recently announced a $500 price cut to its MacBook Air. Apple says it would offer the new MacBook as a way to cut costs. Then there's the $999 price of the 13.9-inch Retina MacBook, iReport.com reported. iReport.com writes that the MacBook Air has 10.3 inches of screen real estate, has a better resolution, an amazing display and, in some cases, is harder to use on smaller devices, which are powerful machines.
(EW.com) -- Two weeks ago, EW premiered the trailer for Nickelodeon's reboot of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series, and now we've got some more exclusive information for you: The children's cable network will premiere the show on Saturday, Sept. 29 at 11 a.m. in a one-hour special event. Nickelodeon will officially announce the premiere date on the network on Saturday.|||The Green can't believe that today marks the second anniversary since 'Mickey & Matt' was cancelled. Check out the first post from last December's column, when Mickey & Matt wanted to tell Matt to go even harder to hide his turtle nickname. Just for fun, let's revisit last month's Twin Peaks: New Vegas recap, when we got a glimpse of Mike "Bart" Holloway with "Colony" Moore: a broken leg. Of course, the long-awaited film from Nickelodeon, which will tell the story of the creation of the Ninja Turtles, opens on October 4 with seven episodes. Plus, on Friday, fans were treated to a sneak peek at Nick Jr. and a new sneak peek of upcoming series "Nickelodeon Live." Read all about that right here. For real. (Remember, the buzziest news from last week's release comes from current cast member Stephen Amell: "I said no to the movie!"). UPDATE: Earlier this week, EW exclusively learned that "Nickelodeon Live" is going to be airing on Sunday, Sept. 29 at 10:30 p.m. on the network.
(CNN) -- It did not happen when the top job opened up at the International Monetary Fund: Christine Lagarde of France won out over candidates such as Mexico's Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens, who put up a good fight.|||L, 59. Like Carstens before her, Lagarde will face comparisons with former Central Bank head Ben Bernanke, chosen for the IMF post last year. The dispute over whether to fire Ben Bernanke, who faces exit at year's end from his post, has sparked #FedandFordin. "Lagarde won out this time," said Amy Karbout, a professor of finance at Germany's Cass Business School. "She is doing a good job, on the road, on the planet, in implementing the fundamental principles in which the IMF was created." Bernanke's chief predecessor, Paul Volcker, was rejected, along with many others, by voters frustrated with the IMF's track record on what it calls "emerging market macroeconomic crises" or economic reforms, forewarned of an election on Monday in Beirut, Lebanon. Lincoln Blackmun, a UK finance minister who expressed support for the bailout when they were in Washington, who was initially nominated by Olusegun Obasanjo for the post, scored a huge 35% of the vote against Lagarde, while the IMF competition committee offered the results of 1,008 candidates, including Carstens and three of the three women who ran against Lagarde. The voting, which stretched for an hour, was the largest in history, garnering more than 400,000 votes and turning a handful of loose cannons into converts. "It's exciting," said Bob Kleinman, a commentator for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. "Lagarde and Carstens are doing it right." "Lagarde came out on top this time, and I think the fact that she feels like she gets every last vote means that she got her measure of the degree of strength in public confidence in her ability to command the board of the IMF in future," he added. The IMF annually announced the worldwide leader of the world's central bank, five after a two-year search. Undercarriage: Carstens says he will leave in April. The IMF said its review of the global economy concluded that economic and financial risks had been mitigated by careful management and prudent policies. "There was a substantial reduction in the overall economic volatility and the level of unemployment and the need for prudential fiscal measures," said Rosemary Lora de la Torre, the IMF's director of the sustainability function. Argentina says it doesn't want Carstens's resignation. Venezuela says its economy has met its "taxation obligations, due to global economic normalization." Ukraine says its economy improved. Turkey is at risk of plunging into a debt crisis. Chad and Greece are at risk of strong currency swings.
Like nearly everything else Clinton-related this week, Hillary Clinton's convention speech remained a question mark until the last minute.|||C fit Democratic nominee to accept the presidential nomination from Republican nominee Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night in Denver. Back in July, it was all very public debate as to who would spell it out in her long-awaited acceptance speech. Then the drama unfolded and, of course, it wasn't clear which way she would take it. Clinton released two more remarks on the issue Tuesday before both fell short of what was expected. As detailed in CNN.com's Brian Stelter's post, her phrasing was "the truth of the matter" and the her speech was, "the verdict on America's future. The verdict on who it is we need to hear from to get the American people back." MSNBC.com's Candy Crowley agreed. "Throughout the years, the Clintons held public policy "speech," she noted. "The notion that they would govern not with traditional authority but with liberal credentials has been dismissed as a truism. "They're revamping Washington as we go along, so normal people have to get used to its consequences." "Hillary Clinton would most likely create the first American president by taking a state or local role for Washington in putting a nation forward," Crowley noted. "She would be looking to serve for her party and her party -- as a person." While it was clear what would sound like, Clinton's speech definitely differed from that of Trump's acceptance speech. At a minimum, it will not be quite as long. That's in a line about economic issues. CNN's Axios broke the story.
LONDON, England (CNN)  -- A wicked opportunity is brewing at Wookey Hole Caves in western England.|||Meanwhile you have amassed a young and caring pair of archaeologists. They say they took the site to a high quality historical museum, but it's also the home of an exceptional master seabed sculptor in James Horace Richardson. To help raise money for a museum committee, the pair installed their very own web crawlers in the caves, setting them up to "interview" environmental and urban scientists, seeking out what treasures lay inside these buildings. "Our gallery here in time for autumn season was talking about the Wookey Hole rock for centuries, and one's going to open on the 3rd of October," Richardson said. The caves, which extend 200 feet underground, and above the sea have been threatened by a 25ft tidal bore in the past three weeks, the official British Geological Survey said. The caves are also one of the widest and deepest in Britain. It is in a series of formations called "Monkey Graveyards," where the whole cage is filled with mammals that crawl around the walls like little rodents. "The wildlife are magnificent but they mean something different to the people who live here," Richardson said. "And that also means that it's a fascinating time to live here and a wonderful time to work here." Click here to see a mosaic from the 2010 Roald Dahl Festival. Click here for the featured image gallery. Click here for an interactive map of the World Heritage site. Click here to see an interactive map of the British Geological Survey website. Click here to learn more about the Australian Opportunity Fund, created by a group of climbers and trustees, when it launched in October 2009. Click here to see the daily Face
(CNN) -- Mark David Chapman, the man convicted of killing former Beatle John Lennon, has been denied parole for a seventh time, according to the New York Department of Corrections.|||Ch held for life before death, which Lennon ruled occurred on September 5, 1980, he was scheduled to be paroled by September 24, 1979. But that date has never been reached because of post-conviction mental health conditions and communications difficulties -- a problem, Chapman lawyers said, are "very weak" in prisons, according to the state corrections department. Lennon was charged with first-degree murder and was tried and convicted for the murder of his wife, Yoko Ono. In that trial, prosecutors called for a re-trial, which Chapman rejected in 2000. Lennon's killer, Bruce Lee, was accused of possessing an electric saw. A September 4, 1982, court hearing in Manhattan convicted Lee, 41, of murdering Lennon and two other people, including his brother, and the sentence was given to Lee. According to parole officials at the time, Lee Lee was planning to surrender himself to authorities. Lee's arrest in New York City triggered a months-long trial that ended when his killing was convicted. Andrew Carey, another chief of detectives, said Monday that prosecutors were telling lawyers not to ask the court for a new trial because he had been diagnosed with dementia. "We had no idea what to tell the parole board or the attorneys when they came back," Carey told CNN."They already told us he was out on parole," Carey said.
London (CNN) -- Pakistani girls' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai, who has found international fame since being shot by Taliban militants last year, met with another icon Friday: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II.|||YOpinion: Queen wants parents, teachers to see Malala Yousafzai'S English Channel showYousafzai made a historic visit to the Queen Elizabeth II residence at Windsor Castle, Britain's embassy in Pakistan, the Turkish Foreign Ministry said. She gave a speech. "Today I will not be able to go on," Yousafzai said. "I will not bring my gun into the country." She said she was "passionate" about the presence of the queen and his daughter, Princess Beatrice. Yousafzai and Prince Philip met to discuss education matters, officials said. As the Queen gave a royal speech and the men did likewise, a video is available from the palace showing her sitting next to Yousafzai. She was shot by the Taliban outside her school in May 2012, but sustained minor injuries, and her health was saved by surgeons in Pakistan. Her parents said she was still affected by the bombing. As she tours the area in a white flag-waving motorcade, Queen Elizabeth II sees Yemeni students on crutches and encourages them to promote education. She introduced them to schoolteachers and junior school teachers. "Being their mother is most precious for them," Yousafzai said. She was made the first high-profile recipient of the Nobel peace prize in 2006 for her work on girls' education. The education bill became law in February. Fariba Mashal, the head of Yousafzai's Pakistan education campaign, said in a statement the girls and their future generations should receive a "safety valve" on education. "Pakistan's young people are desperate, just as our children are desperate," Mashal said. "Today it is for the world and we must respect the wonderful achievements of young students."
(CNN) -- They were fathers and daughters, tycoons and spiritualists, Westerners and Asians, who were in Mumbai for different reasons. But they met the same fate in the indiscriminate path of gunfire and explosions in a string of terror attacks across the Indian city this week.|||Those who came to Bombay -- "we wanted to live a better life," a prime minister's representative told reporters Tuesday -- have been left wounded and dead after the Mumbai attacks. It was the story of Tarek Marwah, a Pakistani engineer who came to his uncle's tour company's production complex on the outskirts of Mumbai, and met among several other highly-paid and influential men and women who perished in the siege and gunfights that erupted Monday night. "I feel sad for the families and their children, the victim's parents and brother, sisters, wives and daughters and cousins," Maharashtra state-owned television station Times Now reported Tuesday. Marwah's family patriarch, Hong Kong businessman Somashekhar Marwah, died when the blast struck the 28-time world's busiest airport in Mumbai, where travelers are fined for arriving without documents and signed accommodation papers -- a prohibited act. Marwah, who was unashamed of his Sikh faith and was known for his vegetarian diet, was identified by police as the prime mover in the attack on Marine Drive and his body is now in morgue. Describing his friend as a young, modest man, Indian-American Prince Prasoon Singh, on Wednesday, Marwah's nephew said in a press release, "Don't question the savagery, that is precisely what was done." Indian officials have so far not revealed what exactly motivated Tuesday's bloodshed, but on Tuesday. The Mumbai attacks took the lives of 200 people -- more than half of them Indian nationals -- and damaged 114 others. They were visitors, doctors, lawyers, accountants, photo editors, engineers, teachers and others. Their nationalities were recorded on passports and travel documents, and many of their personal interests included travel to Sri Lanka, the United States and the United Kingdom. They were Indians and Indians, Indian and Indian, patriotic and political, ordinary and economically educated. They were businessmen and academics. They were Hindus and Muslims, Christians and Muslims, free traders and businessmen. They were teachers and workers, businessmen and artists, impoverished people and officials, politicians and businessmen, police officials and criminals, and politicians and police officers. Their lives were inextricably intertwined, and they had been there to help, to entertain and minister. But none of them were pledged to join the Muslim militant group ISIS, which had a short time after the terror group seized power in September. Witnesses said the attacks were not the only target, and that gunmen attacked a highly public event. On Thursday, a watch group's website ran a video of an attack on a Pakistani government dinner, which it said allowed the self-styled terrorist organization to win recognition for the group. News of the attack went viral and earned the country a plaudits from people who were stunned at the bombings. Sunday night's attack took place in and around a Tihar jail, where seven people are dead -- four men and two women. The shooting was a first, but the authorities later called it a hit-and-run, and the attacker, onscreen with a series of close-cropped photos, appeared to be a captured militant. Five days after the blasts, eight people died as the Mumbai police said, "our security forces have not yet established a motive" for the assault. They said they are investigating whether there is a nexus between the incidents that led to the four deaths. Yet authorities have warned that the attack may be linked to the Mumbai attacks and that it could have occurred in or around that city, because of similarities in characteristics of the attackers. The man who was set free before the attacks was was not only from Mumbai, but also from parts of the country, including Uttar Pradesh in central India, according to local media reports. But some were telling of similar contacts and even acquaintances for years and say the victims are unrelated. There were also two police officers among the victims of Monday's deadly rampage. Though the prime mover has not identified those who died, Mumbai's metropolitan bureau of police said that the militant group Lashkar-e-Toiba killed 16 people in the city. Police Superintendent Ajit Singh Pathankot was at the news conference Tuesday, though the news agency ISNA quoted police commissioner S.M. Jayanta Chowdhury as saying that the blast was highly suspicious and police said that investigators were looking into whether Mumbai's mayoral office had any links to the attack.
(CNN) -- Chad Dickerson's shoulder bag is made out of an old bomber jacket, sewn together by a craftsman in Germany. Out of it he pulls a few of his favorite things - a linen laptop case, and a travel document holder made from Johnny Cash's "I Walk the Line" album cover.|||Dickerson's chest-pack is bigger than his station wagon and shelves seem to be like a full blown time job, with the shoulder bag being part of his daily pack. The hood of Dickerson's, from his wife, Shannon, and two young children, covers half of Dickerson's shoulder bag -- a version of his UPS package as seen in "Mr. Mom" and "The Wonder Years." His backpack sports more tools and more foils than many travelers -- bags can add up to more than 100 pounds in total.Dickerson's feature Friday the 13th episode of "The Discovery Channel's RedEye," is on hand for a friendly chat about living in America's second most populous state. On the first half of the episode, guest star the composer Billy Joe Shaver, who has a unique take on celebrity favorite songs. Shaver and Dickerson talk about the "Nashville" road and a fight they experienced when the Jackson 5 invaded the East Coast to stop the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Dodgers. Some of Shaver's themes resonate well with country rock. On the end of the two hours, Shaver mentions the "Ice-cold friendship" of music star Johnny Cash. Conquering that blues-rock man's word with art remains in Dickerson's bag. The pattern, he tells the audience, is based on an old laminated map of Great Britain and details the construction of the cathedral and the gravesites. The feeling is that the stock of flags left behind is a real country God, from Kingman, Arkansas to Odessa, Tennessee, he says. Moreover, Shaver and Dickerson discover that what traveled together can travel with and still connect as a family. "There's something to be said for the author," says Shaver. "It's as much about how he's able to honor, respect and remember things, rather than the celebrity or celebrity's. That's in my backpack. I mean, whatever it is. That was always a huge part of me. I wanted to be able to go through it as a writer." How the bag was made is as surprising as it is the simple idea. Down from the top of his bag, Dickerson found that the chocolate inside was soft and delectable. Later he discovered that he kept a chip box. "I just remember that at Christmas time, I loved them a lot," he says. The bag is meant to hold clothes, not necessarily materials. Dickerson keeps his shirt tied around his waist. Still more than one item made from an old bomber jacket was on the back of the bag, Dickerson says. And his office is outfitted with shoes, umbrellas, tank-tops, hats and boots. His "full body" bag comes in the back, with its yellow woven turtleneck, hood with sequins and copper lining and a gold wire collar wrapped around the front of the shoulder. Though he is well-known for his rolling bag, Dickerson isn't expecting it to be a looker. "I am really trying to add up the assets," he says. "I only really have what I want to add to it and maybe a bonus function." And he's already hit the ground running. Dickerson, along with his friends, is a major picture maker. "It's pretty awesome," he says, "even if I do live in Washington, DC. My friends from high school come by to talk to me about it."
(CNN) -- I have so few images of myself as a baby that 30 years ago, when I first picked up a camera, I never could have imagined that my imagery of other babies would resonate around the world.|||While there are pictures of my baby just floating in my brain, but they're hardly mine to put down. They may make you think of yourself.I created a photograph for CNN of myself and show it as the inspiration for cartoons that connect young children with the world. The same thing happens to people who have pictures of a child; they relate to the child, become like them and inspire others. For many people, children are their family, and they need to show it -- both for themselves and the rest of us. But I found myself wondering: If these photos and cartoons are just for me and my medium, should I still be using them? Much like a lot of digital works of art, I'm still working on defining images that speak to us. So at age 29, i started trying to take up photos of babies in life, what I see on the outside may be forgotten. I missed the opportunity to share my memories as I have done in the past. And so the first images I could scrap were those from the Toronto Zoo. I have dozens more images from the Toronto Zoo and I'm working hard to build a new collection of unutterably beautiful photos. I'm still looking for my mother's those raw images I've collected over the years -- and in what belief do I trust that I have the capacity to take that out? Even after 30 years, I still stumble upon them when I read about them or look at those pictures. This is what I believe about true photography, for sure. "I'm not missing any opportunity to do the work for photos that make me happy," I say to CNN. I like to consider myself a one-of-a-kind photojournalist, and in many ways, I am. Sometimes, I'm that guy who thought, "I do have these absolutely amazing shots." I like having the opportunity to take the pictures that capture the essence of my stories, and I really enjoy taking pictures of my babies and showing them. And while the perception that I'm a circus performer -- I am actually a real clown with my own acts, I admit that -- I like being popular. My work is affordable. And it's the truest form of creativity. As a photographer, I do what I like, and I'm not looking for recognition. I just want to take pictures that will tell a story. I have these few striking photos that have the people talking. Seeing people get excited and laughing is beautiful. Thank you. I'm glad that my work matters." CNN Now presents Caroline Li-Han's photos and a video essay on her TED Talk.
(CNN) -- Torrential rainfall unleashed flooding and spawned a rare tornado warning in California on Tuesday as a series of storms moved through, with more expected Wednesday and Thursday.|||The storm, the twister and line of storms, churned past Mount Banning, just 50 miles (80 kilometers) east of Los Angeles, Tuesday, resulting in a light dust and dust storm. U.S. National Weather Service forecasters say the severe weather -- with wind gusts of up to 70 miles per hour and hail the size of golf balls -- has caused at least one death and forced schools to close. People rescued from the flooded road may find it too risky to drive in the area, before water up to their waists freezes over and leaves roadways flooded. Heavy rains -- some as much as 30 inches per hour -- were expected in some areas. Forecasters had predicted the possibility of tornadoes in Sacramento on Tuesday night, as well, with indications they could pop up in other parts of California and further north in Sonoma County. Other rainfall may occur through Wednesday, which will cause flooding in the Twin Cities metro area, the weather service warned. Southwest Virginia could also see heavy rainfall as the storm makes its way north to Mississippi. A tornado watch is also in effect for the Woodland Hills and Sierra Nevada portions of western California, the weather service said. A tornado warning was also posted for Santa Cruz County. The National Weather Service issued its warning in Orange County, asking residents to stay out of the roads.
(CNN) -- The taxi rocked to the pounding sounds of French rap music.|||Image after the destruction of Pont Rousseau, an iconic beach mansion in northern France, he was obliged to get in. "Rhip-Hop is making the city a more lively place," Ceban Pouillat-Spaniard, 28, said from a ringing window of a taxi cab in the Paris suburb of Ave Saint-Michel. That's because city authorities have taken measures to control the spread of rap music in France. "There's an effort being made by the French to adapt the urban environment," said Andre Ghisgou, 51, a private organizer for the transport movement There are about 40 foreign-owned restaurants in Cannes, Paris, Rouen, Geneva and Arles. They contribute to an overall economic growth in the region of 5.5%. The fall of France's Socialist leader Francois Hollande marks a turning point for the country, which struggled under the rule of a pro-business regime. Francois Hollande gave criticism of what he considered a clumsy state of affairs before his term ended. During his presidency (2011-2013) he supported Emmanuel Macron, the Socialist candidate for president of France. "I think he has very clever ideas and he plans very well to be president," added Foul, who worked as a property manager for the city. "He has even more ideas because he wants to create good news, has a lot of different types of clients, everyone." The problems are far from being solved, Pouillat-Spaniard said. "The Islamic State (IS) considers the people of Afghanistan very important." The violence in Syria and Iraq is also a concern. "The Syrians are trying to evade the authorities," he added. "Vietnam is very complicated." 'I have never understood what it was like back then to see the bodies on the streets,' Ghisgou said. "That anger used to set me off, there is no point living like that anymore." The scene in Nicole's Taxi is a slower urban street, with upscale shops and a street soccer team to watch. "People are getting their photographs taken on the street and they start writing songs on the pages of the paper," she said. "Everybody has their Twitter accounts and they're talking about me." Pouillat-Spaniard hired the taxi to take him to the Ariana Grande concert. It was his third ride there in two weeks. "All these days I've only been at the airport in terror," Pouillat-Spaniard said. He led the people of Chantilly to Menton, about 80 kilometers (50 miles) south of Paris. On the taxi the group would go to a venue near the city center where they would perform. Pouillat-Spaniard, who likes wearing women's shoes that have holes in them, walked along behind the drivers and friends around him. The crowd in Hvane, near the city's southern edge, would sing with him as he tried to convince them to carry out the performance. G.Y. Evans, who tagged along with his girlfriend, confirmed that there was "no problem" -- because, as they said, she "couldn't believe what they were doing" and that she was "showing up." "She ran in, she almost fell off her way," Evans said. "But I could feel us pulling away from the crowd and she was able to dance." "The stadium has great characters," added Evans. "It's a spectacular transformation," he said. "The ambassador stands up, we just give him a hug. He keeps smiling and we go our way with him."
(CNN)  -- Sudan on Tuesday signed a framework peace accord with rebels from the nation's volatile Darfur region, state media reported.|||Read: Preventing possible conflict between Sudan and the African Union led by Sudan, or U.N.-led AU. Security Council chief Ban Ki-moon presided over the ceremony at which Sudan finalized a peace agreement with rebels in Darfur. The deal includes the establishment of a peace mechanism in Darfur, the country's southwestern region, agreed upon in February 2012 and spearheaded by the U.N.-backed transitional regime. Omar Al Bashir, the U.N. Security Council chairman who took over in April 2010, was the main mediator. The U.N. member state is based in an area near Khartoum where Sudan has been facing rebel control. Sudan's conflict erupted after al-Shabaab rebels killed security forces in December. The rebels subsequently declared a state of emergency, lifting from humanitarian control the government's control of Darfur. An U.N.-backed government, lead by Seychelles special envoy Lamine Dixit, established in August 2011 a unilateral cease-fire in Darfur. Much of the region, including Sudan's largest expanse of territory, is now designated a U.N. transit zone. The pause started when rebel leader Omar al-Bashir returned from Darfur, prompting African nations to prepare to send humanitarian aid to the embattled nation. However, Amnesty International reported that the deal was "unwelcomed and contrary to the aspirations of the international community."
(CNN)  -- World number two Novak Djokovic extended his winning run in 2011 to 27 matches with a 7-6 6-2 win over Spain's Feliciano Lopez to win the Serbia Open in Belgrade Sunday.|||With 61-8 lead in the final set he had the chance to seal the title on Sunday, but no match could allow him to start ahead of his fellow Serbian Martin Klizan. "Tonight it was close, so you had to play at the right times," he told the crowd. "Sometimes the fine of tennis gives people solace, especially if they are going through hard times. It is often the luck of the draw that serves when you need it. And this afternoon it was the luck of the draw." Liverpool's James Hird is the defending champion, beaten on Saturday by Australian Svetlana Kuznetsova, after falling short in the final set. Kuznetsova, who picked up his fourth career grand slam crown, dominated seventh seed Feliciano Lopez in the first set. The top seed even twice broke the tall Spain player to serve out the match and a 5-6 6-4 6-4 win in just over an hour. Carlo Jella grabbed the other point in the second set. But his lead was enough as Federer clinched victory in five sets, before Qiang Wang brought a tiebreak to the fore for the final set. "If I lose then I have to work for two more years in the Olympics. Next season is the year where I think I'm going to have a great chance," he told reporters after the match. READ MORE: Jella is the key to Europe's career, says Djokovic He had the type of preparation necessary to become supremely lethal at both the Olimpiyskiy and Roland Garros tournaments. Jella, who had just reached the semifinals, backed Djokovic to continue his dominance, latching onto his first set 6-3. Lopez won the game after Klizan had broken. Djokovic, who was struggling with a pectoral muscle problem, looked assured, never giving in. In their only previous meeting in the group stage in Monterrey in October, he had won. They met again in the semifinals in April but he had already beaten the Spaniard 7-6 (6) 6-2. "I was mentally sharper," Djokovic said of the day's match. "My back was stiffer, but now I'm fine." Nadal's Djokovic subsequently declared in a news conference that he would win back-to-back titles. He had dropped to second in the world rankings, but opened up a gap with France's Paul-Henri Mathieu at world number four on Thursday after Saturday's victory over Russian qualifier Richard Gasquet in Paris. Djokovic claimed the lead in the singles with a 5-7 6-4 6-1 victory over third seed Fabio Fognini, who eliminated German Aljaz Bedene 6-4 6-4. Djokovic is now 10-1 in finals after taking the victory in the U.S. Open.
(RS.com) -- Neil Young has filed for divorce from Pegi Young, his wife of 36 years and frequent musical collaborator.|||Many later announced he would file for divorce of Pegi Young, wife of Neil for a decade. The article from the Wall Street Journal, using a formal request made under state secrets laws, was published on March 17. The press release noted that Neil Young had filed documents in all five state courts asking them to block Pegi from replying to his petition, failing that Pegi's attorneys have refused to say whether there will be any damages. Young, 75, is credited for some of the radio hits on 1984's Holy Son, which was one of two most successful albums in rock history. He was a star of high school and an early student at Brown University, where he graduated and played in the University Band. He and Pegi met when he was studying at Brown and they married in 1969. The couple divorced in the early '80s. More than 350 million fans signed petitions asking the court to allow the couple to divorce. The petition states the former TV, radio, and stage personality began a family only two years apart and lived together for 29. Although the couple have grown apart since their divorce, the website reports that it is now a "comprehensive" divorce. Young often sings and performs with Pegi. His 1982 hit, "So Love Me," was recorded live at Her Majesty's Armory in New York and presented at Madison Square Garden in 1987. In 2010, the singer began recording four full-length albums, and would later go on to put out more than 10 albums through A&M Records.
(CNN) -- With the third season of "Games of Thrones" under way on HBO, series star Kit Harington opens up to Glamour magazine about what to expect from his character, Jon Snow.|||"Defying criticism from some in the industry and even within HBO's most fervent fans, Harington is game to participate in the upcoming Sunday's season finale of the hit HBO fantasy series," "Game of Thrones," also coming up on April 16. Harington, from London, admits that in the series' early days he was a little confused about what to expect from "I still get beaten on Jon Snow." After a while, he gets past that awkward "I kind of think I'm just going to hit a wall." While others often defend the writer's ability to create fictional characters, Harington insists that "I always" have to face reality first. "It's what I do. 'I pretend I'm Jon Snow,' " he says. "I don't want to be some sort of fantasy tragic hero." What that means is that you have to constantly be challenging yourself to not be thrown aside by a network. But he still insists that they'll pull off the impossible, "we will kill the shipload, stone age villains." "We will finally take our first step, a big step forward" toward truth, "he says, but he laughs and adds: "We're coming for them again." Watch the Glamour interview with Jon Snow »». Harington says the challenge for him will be to overcome the shame of not have been born yet. "There was a point when I felt so great and then I got a push from this show's writers that I was a bit more vulnerable and I realized I still have to be strong in the face of this anxiety," he says. Glamour magazine on the red carpet at the premiere.
(CNN) -- California Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor ruled Thursday that two autopsy photos of Michael Jackson can be submitted as evidence during the upcoming trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, a person inside the courtroom told CNN.|||The autopsy photos for the star pop singer were in court Thursday as his defense team asked for permission to use them. The judge denied the request. Two months after Jackson's death, Murray, 51, pleaded not guilty to murder and dismemberment charges stemming from a 2006 Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department search and arrest in connection with the death. Murray took the photos, his attorneys contended, in a "psychological manner" -- suggesting it was impossible for him to not have known Jackson had suffered organ damage. As the defense team complained, Murray maintained his innocence as he struggled to explain his actions at the time of Jackson's death -- insisting Jackson had not been adequately psychologically examined by Murray. Murray's lawyers argued that a "patient as young as Jackson was not murdered; he was murdered by his colleagues and then comatose and emotionally devoid." The judge denied the motion, which was made during a hearing a week earlier by plaintiffs whose appeal is pending. Murray's family is demanding that he face a new trial. "In my view, Dr. Murray will remain innocent. I believe that for the life of my life," his daughter Sophie Murray said Thursday. "It is unbelievable that Dr. Murray was convicted in the first place because he did nothing." Murray also sued for defamation. Oprah Winfrey also called into question Murray's professionalism in his client's defense. Video of a Cottage Grove, California, police officer talking to detectives shows Murray's lawyer with one of the autopsy photos. Willis, who has suggested to a grand jury that Murray should not be tried, said the actions would likely ruin his life. "This is not acceptable. ... These are pictures of a dead child," Willis said. "If this led them to believe that one, two, three, they can, then we're talking about a killer." Police have said the autopsy photographs were altered to look more like drug video -- which they believe may be a motive for the death. They said documents showing Murray's taking of the photos confirmed to police that he had "the testimony of a mentally ill person," according to authorities. Murray's attorneys asked for additional time before they could disclose the photographs. The judge did not rule on the motion before Thursday's hearing but allowed it to move forward. CNN's Lucia Sanchez contributed to this report.
It's a tied race between two unpopular men.|||He has had little chance since his first term ended. This is a debate centered on his similarity with former Illinois Gov. Deval Patrick. As Democrats woo their nominee for governor Joe Donnelly (D-IN), Republicans were unwilling to attach much value to an intractable issue. Donnelly faces the closest Democratic nominee since 1976 for governor. Abbott (D-IN) could not fathom the idea of a solution to the governor's race. Still, Donnelly resisted, telling CNN in an interview Tuesday that the only way in with him would be to "go to Rhode Island" to the island's largest city, Warwick. Voters responded in predictable fashion, demanding its governor. Soon, he would have to decide, too. Anti-abortion sentiments are at a record high for the Granite State. It's today's race to be governor. Indiana Gov. Mike Pence had already admitted to being on the list and on March 1, he said. "I said it was only a probability, not a possibility. It is just a mathematical reality that we are facing," he said. McDaniel, 57, is running as an independent. He is polling 4% from his poll numbers while Quinnipiac University is polling 4% from its polled numbers. No matter who he ended up facing. Election turnout reached a record high by about 2.1% last year. With traditional votes representing a minimum of 6% of all registered voters, Biden hardly looks like an attractive candidate. He must draw large crowds to get the message through. "I believe the principal of the grassroots is to achieve unity, because they will all care about one thing," he said. "I believe it will take an enormous effort and confidence from an entire society to work together and achieve unity." The establishment sees Romney's ascension to the White House as a necessary change for America. Democrats accuse him of being divisive. Opinion shows most of Mitt Romney, Ron Paul and Hillary Clinton agree: an amazing record for the country is better, but they could also use a shift, especially for minorities. And of course, the rest of us know that there are still certain men and women on the ballot who are on the fringe of America, and who believe President Obama is unqualified to head the presidency.
(CNN) -- Marcel Hirscher continued his red-hot streak with a stunning victory at the Moscow parallel slalom Tuesday.|||Holder arch-rival Hirscher completed a stunning comeback with a 1:53.38 a.m. downhill time to come from second, while two-time defending champion Vonn secured a tricky 2:21.36 win to dominate the parallel in Kranjska Gora after missing out on the downhill in Pyeongchang because of a knee injury. Vonn dominated the pace and blitzed his way to victory. Orkorski toppled Linus Kristoffersen of Norway by less than a second, coming within 0.1 seconds of the overall record held by Kristoffersen, but Hirscher easily held on to win. Aleksander Aamodt jumped into the lead with a powerful turn and never looked back, raking off his third straight victory in five races with an incredible glide across the course. He added another touch of technique after touching the line late in the course and diving into the slide for a single kiss on the lips."I had to do my best at the very end," said Hirscher, adding: "One breath at a time and to accept the fact that what we can do is move forward," he said. "It is a fantastic win for the entire team and for me." Schlieren, who has not missed a race since the inaugural World Cup race in Kranjska Gora, finished second with a time of 2:25.72.Dutchwoman Merida Ennals, who was seventh in the parallel event, became just the second women's ski racer to win the World Cup races from Russia since 1989, scoring one second in Val Gardena, a city in Kaliningrad. Switzerland's Aimee Luhrkamp, who has raced for 17 years, is up next in Russia. She came fourth in the downhill, following a time of 2:46.50 in Voronezh on Sunday. As PyeongChang confirmed, ski jumping will not be allowed across the finish line until Tuesday in Switzerland. It's also an issue for the discipline from Macedonia in Slovenia, while Croatia's Michele Saverio awaits a turn for the right. It will probably remain on the books until March 8 at least.
(CNN) -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he would step aside as the head of football's global governing body in 2015, if he wins the June 1 presidential ballot.|||Blatter is blocking an attempt by FIFA's executive committee to bring criminal charges against him in his honor if he wins the annual general election. In a speech published in the semi-annual issue of the RBC journal in Zurich, Switzerland, which was translated into English on Thursday by Brazil's Fransisco Fusile, Blatter said he would step aside as FIFA president and 'pardon the errors, missteps, missteps, mistakes and shortcomings' regarding the disciplinary process. "It was a very sad day for everybody involved in recent months," Blatter said. "I have laid the facts before the nations. It was a meeting which was seriously condemned and acted against. "That is why I announced that I would step aside immediately, leaving my name at the top," he continued. If Blatter is elected in April, FIFA's ethics committee will consider the nomination process. Blatter, 89, has been suspended from presidential duty for life after embarrassing relations with infractions. FIFA's executive committee in Zurich officially says he was suspended "for his disregard for the office of the President of FIFA and for his violation of its own Constitution." Blatter, 64, a former Spanish soccer star and FIFA vice-president who won his term in 1998 and 2000, was also banned for life from the sport in May after breaching international rules banning face-to-face searches of registered voters, soccer clubs and officials for falsification. FIFA's executive committee released a statement Thursday afternoon welcoming Bielik's "clear admission" that his role in the investigation had "neglected to the best interests of FIFA." "That the decision is made on the basis of the results of the relevant arbitration process is regrettable and deeply disappointing, but F1 has made it clear that an independent investigation was required," said FIFA president Sepp Blatter in a statement. Blatter, who is the former secretary-general of Switzerland, France and Portugal, has already been banned from football for life by the European Court of Human Rights after admitting he didn't complete a report on the sport's domestic controls. Blatter also made it clear that he would not serve as FIFA's new president after the election, meaning he hopes to be retained by Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA). FIFA chairman Sepp Blatter said he would step aside as the head of football's global governing body if he wins the next election, expected in May. "Of course I believe in the office of the President, but I do not believe that I have achieved my personal objectives," Blatter said in the statement. The proposal is subject to a vote by FIFA's 57 members, with members the highest-ranked on the FIFA presidency vote-by-mail list. The IOC is an influential body that has dealt with corruption probes throughout the world and has in the past investigated FIFA over accusations of its voter quota system. Video: FIFA limits players in betting, anti-money laundering dealings.
The man accused of opening fire at a Seattle college had a fascination with school shootings, telling investigators he had once visited Columbine High School, a police source told CNN affiliate KIRO on Friday.|||Cap shot to death Friday at North Seattle College campus in Ballard, south of Seattle. The victim was identified as Khalid Jabrail, 19. The shootings came as police vowed to take more action after intense public speculation the shooter had a sexual relationship with a student. On Wednesday, three others were shot dead at the Washington State University and two other victims were wounded, along with the shooter. The suspect had also been identified as 33-year-old Blake McKelvey, the FBI said in a tweet Friday. A gender-neutral pronoun was later changed from "bruh." Police did not specify what prompted McKelvey to attack. The motive behind the shooting is under investigation, according to King County, Washington, and about 11 people were wounded in the attacks, police said. "Some students have feared for their lives or for their safety," Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole said in a statement released Thursday. The FBI is assisting local authorities in the investigation. The motive is unclear. Police said they will "put on a more intense and aggressive approach" if the gunman attacks. At least five people have been treated for gunshot wounds, the National Response Center reported. The school district and Northwest Sportsmen's Association reported no injuries and remained safe. We do not know if the suspect was with friends or family in the days before the shooting, police said. CNN's Kristian Neal contributed to this report.
ISIS militants are fighting Iraqi military and tribal forces close to the main government complex of Anbar province in the center of Ramadi, according to a local official there.|||The IDF, there is no clear ISIS supply route through Ramadi now, according to security officials, and one official who declined to be named to protect his identity said the group is engaging "itself" in a firefight, saying "it has started." However, families and neighbors around the Ramadi Provincial Council Council building suffered heavy casualties in the clashes, the spokesman said. The province consists of 24 towns and villages with roughly 200,000 residents, according to the Ministry of Government and Labor. Nine people have died in the fighting so far this year. The day is the first for so many months that ISIS has held all these towns -- from Falluja to the al-Nuriya and the town of Mayadeen near Baghdad -- and taken control of many of them. The violence comes during the start of a more than three-month strategy against the militants, one of the top international security forces, known as the Arab Coalition, aimed at consolidating its hold on Sunni-dominated regions in Iraq's Middle East and northern Syria. The assault comes when the Shiite-led forces try to oust ISIS from Ramadi, an Iraqi-U.S.-run city with strong ties to Sunni-majority areas. Two sides have been waging the battle since April, when the ISIS offensive in the city began, sometimes in different parts of the city. The main of the fighting is between Ramadi's local police and the country's tribal forces, and two Iraqi army units are also in the vicinity, the official said. Along with the Iraqi forces, Sunni tribesmen are also fighting alongside them. Iraqi, Sunni and Shiite tribal forces have "taken control" of all parts of the city, along with parts of Falluja, the official said. "The coalition forces are on the offensive. We hope to remove them from Ramadi at the end of the month." In addition, Government forces are seizing and threatening a dam that provides the city's water source, Defense Minister Gen. Abdul-Aziz al-Sistani said Sunday. The dam has been under threat of destruction since March, when a dam burst, according to the United Nations. The hospital was damaged by a bridge collapse. The region's capital city of Ramadi is overcrowded, according to CNN. As provincial forces close in on the capital city, fighting has intensified, and casualties are mounting. In March, 250 government workers and civil servants and civilians were killed in a single day, according to police and the local mayor. "There has been a lot of fighting in Ramadi," said Tomer Jamshidi, the chief of the Anbar province. "Baghdad forces have taken control of most of the city and they are holding the capital." There has also been more militant violence on Anbar's Eastern Front, where clashes took place earlier this month between Sunni and Shiite forces. On December 4, U.S. troops and Iraqi security forces killed four ISIS militants in Mosul.
(CNN) -- Earlier this week, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, agreed to a deal to fund the government past this November's elections. The deal leaves working out a budget up to the next Congress and provides funding for the federal government through March 2013, well beyond the presidential inauguration in January.|||There are now delays on funding for the government and school districts after last week's failed attempt to pass a government spending bill and the failure of President Barack Obama to negotiate a compromise -- the second attempt at a government funding package since October 11 -- have provoked widespread criticism. The news of the gaps came as part of the blowback to Obama's failed $4.4 trillion spending plan. Democrats say Obama's wall and disaster aid were short-sighted and will only be needed after the elections in November. The dollar spending plan passed out of the Senate Education Committee still would require 60 votes, the Senate Finance Committee is scheduled to vote on Wednesday and the House Ways and Means Committee will vote Thursday. The measures, which were introduced on Friday, could not avert the government shutdown. Then, lawmakers in both the House and Senate also refused to back Reid's plan and accused the president of cutting deals without an up-or-down plan to pay for programs. Democrats claim that Boehner, who spoke to both the House and the Senate on both sides, is not willing to "sharpen swords."
(CNN) -- Russell Westbrook's impressive 43 points were not enough to end the Oklahoma City Thunder's losing streak in game four of this year's NBA finals.|||Samperformed well, taking the game in his home arena in Oklahoma City after Washington closed with an 89-78 victory over the Thunder in game three Friday night. The Thunder have now lost their last six playoff games. In the past few years, the losing streak has gone from year to year -- from 2007 to 2011 -- while Washington has won nine consecutive NBA Finals. Westbrook was beaten in both his games, on home court -- a losing effort in February 2008 and March 2011 -- by LeBron James when Cleveland won at home -- followed by losing them by the score of 76-74 in June 2011 at home.
Washington (CNN) -- When it comes to the trust Americans put in government, a new national poll indicates it's a matter of location, location, location.|||According to a new survey of the public, the amount of trust Americans have in government is perhaps the most surprising number of recent surveys. According to the Quinnipiac University poll, Americans trust government slightly more than those who trust their town government. Just 3 in 10 give voters more trust in the City of Baltimore or schools or public housing than they would the state of California, which has the lowest trust in government. Half of those surveyed think the state government is an "error of judgement," with only 9 percent saying there is a reasonable chance a government official would check the neighborhood code before they visit. Four in 10 would say "not sure" whether a person can check an area code before entering their building. The poll's sample of 1,203 adults between ages 18 and 29 had a median trust level of 50%, with a median age of 24. People who enjoyed the benefits of government spending were actually more satisfied with the government than they were with the cost, the poll found. About 70 percent of survey respondents did not choose to live in the United States for the fear of government intrusion. The national popular sentiment is that "government officials" don't work as hard as they should. That's a view shared by a wide range of community groups and Democrats including President Barack Obama. Still, large swaths of the public trust generally dislike government institutions and treat them as something of a nuisance. A recent Gallup survey found that Americans' opinions of government are much the same on the whole. It also found that an average number of Americans says government "depends on good guys to make decisions and doesn't prioritize service to others." People generally think that government personnel often don't work in most cases, but it's a misconception. Political scientist Caroline Boardman-Webb disputes this point. "When they don't work, they make do," she told CNN. View: CNN Headlines: How To Fix The Wall. The wall is no simple matter. The two-way street in the nation's capital isn't structurally weak. Keeping the Wall open -- under some circumstances -- is really a matter of trust and integrity. But also, I think it's a matter of building trust. "From a manufacturing standpoint, the government has very small enforcement power. It's largely management and enforcement of the laws, but to pass ordinances has to be political and substantial," Boardman-Webb said. "People have trust in the government to be doing something well." One source of trust around government employment is that it is uncertain whether politicians will work as they do in most cases. In all likelihood, that trust is tested throughout the day. Political experts are concerned that somehow, trusting these politicians will not work. And if it does, many would be prepared to request different kind of pay from them. But in a situation where political power affects behavior, probably bigger paychecks for experts will be better than small startups. No matter what politicians think about hiring lobbyists, how they spend a year or whether they put money in their pockets, making laws, etc., the people they serve do generally have much better quality of life. As another source of trust, distrust of government is tied to their physical location."When you're in the larger metropolitan area, people tend to be more familiar with the places where you live," Obama said at the August 9 White House news conference. "But these are the places where you find out about things you have to worry about. And with Americans distrust of government by the thousands, it's a frustrating fact that they have no choice."
Rome (CNN) -- Missing: One small, round, golden container. Contents: The blood of the late, soon-to-be-canonized Pope John Paul II. If found, please notify Italian police and the church of San Pietro della Ienca.|||Thekey little golden container. The case has been found. Many members of the pope's entourage, at Rome's church of Saint Joseph, where John Paul II died at age 81, keep an eye on it, with cleaning soap, some lube and a bottle of vinegar, the officers from the Vatican had requested. The Vatican and police appealed to everyone to recognize the message that has been posted on social networks around the world as a prayer for John Paul's real body. "We have received a call to confirm that one of the cases described in an article in The Observer of October 8, 2006 has been located, said Pierro Flaubert, a Vatican spokesman. "We apologize that this heavy duty protective object may be in trouble." A lock is found on the "keeper's door." A note attached says: "The powerful man has left a note indicating his intentions -- which were clear from the start. He has stayed away from his residence and is not to be seen there." The policeman called the Rome Police Department and put out the sign: "Thanks to your help and an appreciation of the Church of San Joannino, we can confirm that this important item has been found." "My request is for the protection of this important container" from anyone who was surprised by the "sizable" size and size of the "holy container." All other appropriate permissions have also been given. "The note is addressed to the Vatican Press Office for all communications with the police." Library shelves at Siena archdiocese. All items must be carried in the square of Gioacchino Valleta. Headstones will be put up above the ledges. The Pope's theology must be the same as that of Cardinal Archbishop Louis J.O. Giordano, according to the Vatican news service. John Paul II had the last name Pane. The Vatican's prelate's name means "no change in situation," according to the law of canonizing. The pope's wife, Sister Teresa Maria Pane, has taken the defense of John Paul, saying she'd do so in great pain at the Catholic Church's hands. © 2009 CNN. All rights reserved.
Nearly nine out of 10 people "stopped and frisked" under a controversial New York Police Department policy in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic.|||The shoot that killed 32 people in a Brooklyn on Thursday turned out to be nothing more than the proof a neighbor's neighbor was keeping a gun in his apartment. The man was a shoplifter, police said. Police said he had loaded his gun onto a street-side shelf in the Gracie Mansion and was trying to hide the weapon under the cover of darkness. In fact, according to a preliminary NYPD study, nearly 10 percent of motorists who were stopped and searched in the Bronx late last year were black and 9 percent of them were Hispanics. This puts "further links between increase in gun crime and racial profiling," the study finds. Nearly one-quarter of the 2,000 stopped and searched were black and 28 percent were Hispanic, according to the report. The study found a "clear racial underrepresentation" in New York. In the majority of stop and searches, officers were out of uniform and out of uniform. Nearly one-third of stop and frisks at sites in New York City were conducted by more than one cop, according to the report. In a similar study, police officers were out of uniform, and often too out of uniform to distinguish white from black. "We quickly established on our own that if officers were dressed in uniform, they would stop and frisk whites who would be acting unprofessionally," the study found. The study blamed "intense racial profiling" on the police in New York City. The NYPD said people complained to police officers but the narratives held true and that officers may have missed what people on the street wanted. The New York Times contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- After less than a week at sea, the Vendee Globe single-handed round the world yacht race has lived up to its moniker as "the world's toughest race" -- with nearly a quarter of the field crashing out in the first few days.|||More Then it was off to the bays to beat the sodden route and a podium will be set, but first off the starting gate down to the Isle de France with just under 20 teams fighting it out at anchor for the Vendee Globe. On arrival in the islands, the race saw almost everyone but one in every six boats leave. They ranged from wealthy Italian and Chinese owners in the largest single boat to Dutch and Italian baristas. All have been forced to abandon their vessels, with some boats still being held back because they may have an engine stuck. The crew on Karel Ohka Gubbins' Il Fi Barbini turned its life aboard a 150-foot yacht after the race had already begun. "Frank had warned us that it would have been fatal," the 43-year-old captain told AFP. "He was the one who turned his life around and the one who saved us." He and his crew have no previous experience of the race, but soon will face Alizee Kirk-Slaughter on her Aranha yacht, a 22-foot 63-meter displacement vessel, in what will be the first time the Ions group have rowed on such a new course. "Every year that I am campaigning and getting these ships out of the lake they start to make me nervous," Mr. Kirk-Slaughter said of his trip. "Their flags fly in the wind as they come up in the surf and they stick around. It's like water torture." Race great? Not if you aren't Dutchman Gebhard. The 29-year-old won't be among the first to attempt the race on his own vessel. If neither of them participate, it will be the 20th year of this grueling race, which has yet to find a winner. Enter seven American sailors. Four Spaniards and a third American -- James Brimstone, Joseph McIntyre and Pedro Carroz de Toledo -- earlier this month were allowed to continue aboard their 22-foot Ions as part of the party line on the French route, the annual International Challenge was removed after the first event. In recent days, a succession of Croatian, Danish, Italian and Spanish yachts have also competed. Meanwhile, the crew from Cancun, Mexico, formed the final nine yachts of the Como Cup at Sotliet on Thursday. These vessels were expected to finish in less than 24 hours, and the team is expected to make its way back to Paris before the Spanish leg. The Vendee Globe is based in Antibes, off the coast of southwest Africa.
(CNN) -- At the start of the 2012 Formula One season, with a driver pairing that comprised of a virtual rookie and a former world champion who had been out of the sport for two years, little was expected of Lotus.|||Butth was highly controversial in the first few days of the racing season, with the veteran campaigner entrusted to Renault, the number two in the world for the first time in 10 years. Not too many players said they'd come into the circuit with the W08, but when a surprising Finn and American proven himself inside a winless field, just as many said: "Oh, I've forgotten all about it." And yet the sky was never falling. After the first 12 races, and all four races with the newly qualified German Valtteri Bottas, Lotus became an underdogs. But the hopes of the lukewarm livery were already on the rise. If only the net inroads were made. Maybe such a push should come before a packed house at Circuit de Catalunya, but then again, the Ginetta man wasn't driving one of the more overtaken cars of the entire season so it's hard to know. Maybe that's because Lotus has other drivers to try and outshine those of the young Finn, on a new circuit for a new team. As a result, not everyone fancied being in the same team. Carlin, for instance, was dogged by allegations of car abuse and vandalism. The Mexican driver, who started this season with Renault, had no such issues. He was relieved to be on solid ground after just one race in Barcelona -- and thus didn't risk overtaking Bottas, who took two of his first three tests of the season for Ferrari. "We could have been pulled apart by somebody who was not even using all his strength," Bottas told the official Lotus website. Although his season-long rival Fernando Alonso and Ferrari's title rivals Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull, no teams fared as badly. Indeed, Woking started off 2012 with a near-winless four races, and was one of the best teams in the race, with teammate Michael Schumacher's Renault obtaining pole position five times. The Dutch team won the second race in Austria and a devastating first half in Germany to capture the overall constructors' championship. But its next 18 races will also prove to be testing and defining, but with a French team providing tough challenges along with a host of British drivers and international scouts in central and southern Europe. And with that in mind, Lotus signed up a start-up driver, Frenchman Carlos Sainz. Their Spanish teammate Pastor Maldonado was used as a warm-up driver, and yet a highly effective replacement, with his China experience all but ensuring he settled into the cockpit.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there, the U.S. military announced Friday.|||Chung Rou, originally from Hong Kong, died in action during a four-week mission to provide security for a group of rebels in Afghanistan in early January, the U.S. military announced. The soldier died in combat with Islamic State insurgents in Helmand Province. During his tour of duty, Rou was located as the militants advanced in territory claimed by the Islamic State group and to have entered an area in which the insurgency is centered. His wounds were not life-threatening, according to Army officials. Rou was not among those killed in Afghanistan and is one of a number of troops who was killed and injured while serving in that country, the military said. Watch Oscar Obeydoun's funeral at Lake Norman, Arkansas, on August 9, 2008. CNN's Cathy Meserve contributed to this report.
Madrid (CNN) -- He's fast on the football field but apparently even faster behind the wheel.|||Di Mukhachi, known as Diogo for joining Barcelona in 2005, is the player tipped to become the club's all-time leading scorer. Now only 24, the promising Barcelona player is accompanied by his father, who according to the Spanish Football Federation -- the Spanish Football Association -- will likely continue to lead the backline next season. "Diogo [will manage the team] when he starts training." Xavi, 40, told Cadena SER when he was asked why Diogo was signed by Barcelona. "My family, his family, are always sending me letters saying, 'You are our best son in the world, he is so amazing." Diogo dreams of being captain of Barcelona, where he was promoted from childhood to first team captain. He made three more appearances for the Spain national under-23 team this season. "I am sure I will play as much as a senior player," Diogo said. In typical Diogo fashion, he has a long list of kudos bestowed by his father, nicknamed Pepe, who was in charge of Barcelona in the 1990s. This season he scored 18 goals, but played in only three games in Madrid and had little impact on the team. It was Diogo, who won the transfer from Barcelona to Spanish giants Real Madrid, who grabbed the headlines on Thursday. The speedy striker made the headlines in a number of ways over the course of the weekend. There was an Instagram video from Diogo showing him raking a tree in the background, as if he were making a mournful prayer. Diogo's cousins, Pablo and Raymond, were happy with his progress. "Dillon will be my brother one day," Xavi told his mother during the morning session of his Barcelona club's media center. On Wednesday, Diogo admitted he is interested in deciding on his future route. "Yesterday my danny was with me driving back to the city to see the trees," Diogo added. The footage shows his car moving at around 50 mph in a straight line. "It is hot and I want to stop. Nothing can spoil that." His dad had put an exterior brake in his Mercedes when Deigo debuted on the pitch in 2008. Diogo's father reportedly bought a vehicle in September 2000 for $65,000 at Spain's Mancera Stadium, a tough course for the child to navigate. Diogo is already this year's fastest player on the national soccer team. He will be aiming to be Madrid's man with next year's League Cup final in the home game against Barcelona, according to various reports. Diogo commented: "I think I can beat my father." However, Diogo insists that all he wants to do is to build Barcelona a stable team that can compete in the European Champions League and even the Olympics. "Football is a team sport, it is for the football fan, and for my kids, it is good to have the best chance and to make a mark on the world," he said. Diogo said he worked hard to become fully comfortable at Barcelona. "I just don't want to share my time with everyone, because I want them to think of me as a kid, as my wife," he added. Diogo, who grew up in a rural village outside of Pamplona in north-western Spain, seems to have no match for his younger brother. In January 2007, Diogo broke world records in football as the youngest player in Spanish league history to score 23 goals -- that's two goals per game. In 2013, a Spanish national team player overtook his teammate David Villa in an 83-67 win over Sporting Gijon to become Europe's leading all-time scorer and title contender. He scored 61 goals in the French Primera División. Diogo, who finished his superb season with more than 190 goals, is the fourth on Spain's squad this year after adding 25 assists in 17 games. The U.S. national team could add two more in their new MNF schedule in addition to celebrating Diogo's two-month Champions League success.
Washington (CNN) -- China said Saturday it had suspended military exchanges with the United States over Washington's $6.4-billion arms deal with Taiwan, the territory that Beijing claims as its own.|||AlsoChina, which's been complaining that Washington has downgraded some of the contracts in recent years. But while the cost of weapons procurement has decreased, the global rivalry between China and the United States has increased since June. On Friday, China suspended strategic military exercises between the nations. The moves were unilateral, China said in a statement read from its State Council website. The Chinese Ministry of Public Security said the U.S. military equipment has been suspended for the time being. China claims sovereignty over Taiwan.In October, it blocked U.S. military and naval military sales to Taiwan following the outbreak of a separatist uprising in the self-ruled island in the East China Sea. Beijing said Washington needs to "develop an open, honorable and friendly relationship with Taiwan" and put "considerate measures" in place to boost relations and human rights. But China was swiftly moved to block the deal, which Beijing said cut off arms sales and made way for American military sales to the republic of South Korea. China has only limited military cooperation with the United States because Washington was the first country to recognize Taiwan as an independent state in 1949 after a civil war. The top U.S. official on Taiwan, John F. Kirby, said Washington could not "take this up on its own." "China's case for the downgrading of (the U.S.) military and naval arms purchases is clear: it's lawful to suspend, terminate or restrict the purchase," Kirby said Friday. U.S. officials downplayed the arms deal. Speaking in Washington, President Barack Obama told reporters that he considered the shift in one of Washington's key diplomatic irritants: the fear that it would make it difficult for the United States to defend itself against potential threats from outside nations, such as China, the US said. Beijing was outraged by the episode, which occurred on the sixth anniversary of the Chinese civil war. On Tuesday, the People's Republic of China rejected U.S. military exports to Taiwan, saying in a statement, "United States and the United States officials have met their obligations with China in a time of deep misunderstanding and misunderstanding."
(CNN) -- A proposed Arizona law would deny birth certificates to children born in the United States to illegal immigrant parents.|||It was issued as one of the first parts of legislation approved by Congress in July, known as the Arizona Burden Reduction Act, which would end a variety of "snooping" and "illegal alien" statutes. It replaces three parts of the state's immigration laws with ones that would identify illegal immigrants as having a U.S. birth certificate. In a hearing Monday, the Arizona Board of Immigration and Citizenship opposed the legislation, saying it discriminated against legal immigrants and would likely lead to a lawsuit. Two Republican senators said they "worried" at the prospect of immigrant children paying for birth certificates created by someone else. "I don't find it particularly logical," said Senate Majority Leader Scot McSally of Arizona. "I've seen reports and I understand the legal basis for it." At a speech this past week, Arizona Senator Todd Young voiced similar concerns, according to a St. Louis Post-Dispatch report. He said the law was the first time any state law proposed would direct courts to deny birth certificates to people born in this country without legal papers. As a result, the media outlet reported, "2-thirds of the cases" appear to be settled, the report said. Former Sen. Tom Hayden of Utah backed the bill at a public forum Tuesday, according to CNN affiliate KPLR. The Arizona law would mean the state was getting a birth certificate that listed the illegal immigrant father, rather than the parents. Last month, Fox News called into question the accuracy of the registry, citing a letter that suggested the data was inaccurate. ABC News reported that California was more accurate in identifying alien parents than it was registering illegal immigrants. CNN found that it is not accurate in Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, New York, Rhode Island or Pennsylvania. CNN's Ed Galen and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The arrest in Serbia of Ratko Mladic brings to an end a 16-year man hunt for the highest profile suspect still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s.|||Serian forces arrest, take "tremendous relief" from allies and rebels, said Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic. With Mladic in custody, the Serbian high-level campaign is expected to shift to non-combatant forces in the coming months. Vucic traveled in chains, scouring the country for several days, he said. "The Serbian people are in disbelief," Vucic told a press conference Tuesday. "The peaceful elections have left the community so shattered, very broken and how could I go on in that? Serbia has done everything we could to fight the war. There are a lot of people who are overwhelmed." Thousands of NATO troops fought in Kosovo and Serbia against moles and separatists in the 1990s. Mladic, who led Serb forces in the armed battle for Kosovo between 1994 and 1999, is a top commander in a rebel group in Croatia. U.S. officials said the capture of Mladic, dubbed the "one of the most dangerous people alive," is "an indication that the Serbian government has the support of the United States to help in the fight against ISIS in Iraq." The former Yugoslav police commander is also a U.N. war crimes expert who has traveled to Bosnia and Herzegovina and northern Afghanistan. The arrest in Serbia is the highest ranking intelligence officer to find a militant who killed civilians during the war. Cmdr. Milorad Stekovic, director of national security operations in Serbia, said the arrest brings an end to a "long and heroic fight" led by Serbia. "He's been a valuable member of the international criminal structure," Stekovic said. The operation will focus on terrorist networks and elements linked to the terrorist organization, including Afghan leader Moammar Gadhafi and Western intelligence officials. According to a U.S. Defense Department press release from January, the arrest will make Serbia the "stateless victim" of the 1990s Bosnian war, ending long-running military cooperation between Serbia, Croatia and other Balkan nations. "It will also allow Serbia to better cooperate with the international community in the task force that is fighting ISIS and al Qaeda in Afghanistan," the statement said. The U.S. State Department, which created Operation Phoenix, said the program is "unprecedented in the capacity it provides to trace a murderer," the New York Times reported. "The United States government is working with Serbian authorities to enable informed community participation and there are steps underway in identifying individuals most at risk to join the community in the fight against ISIS."
(CNN) -- Many have claimed to know the identity of the notorious Zodiac Killer, who terrorized northern California with a trail of unresolved murders in the 1960s. But their stories have not panned out.|||Investigators finally cracked the case they assumed was solved last week, but the small tip still hadn't told authorities, "It's still unsolved," authorities said. Police in El Dorado County, California, where some of the most violent killings took place, said Capt. Greg Mendoza. He said though Zodiac killer suspect Richard Scarpetta's physical remains were located and were recovered from a farm, he still didn't know who claimed to be Scarpetta, a body guard for members of the prison staff. Scarpetta has been dead for 55 years, with the rest following in his wake, according to the police report. Zodiac allegedly displayed tattoos of Scorpetta's face and tried to lure him away from cops. Scarpetta had said an acquaintance who was close to the killer had spilled several cocktails that scalded his wounds. The killer then opened fire and carved a 14-inch scar on Scarpetta's chest, he said. Over the years, Scarpetta has been reclusive -- he said no one ever has spoken to him. Zodiac captors accused Scarpetta of mounting the all-out effort to find the killer, during a string of violent outbursts, into a daring kidnapping attempt in 1969. Scarpetta eventually was allowed to bury him, then, just last week, slain in his sleep, according to the police report. Scarpetta denied the allegations that he cut Scarpetta's throat in 1969. A motive for the killings remains murky. Scarpetta admitted to being involved with the killings, but said that they did not have the same reach as Scarpetta, because of the secrecy surrounding what he did. Scarpetta denied that he killed anyone and, police said, he was not coerced into incriminating anyone. Scarpetta's account made it to CNN on April 18. Scarpetta was arrested on robbery and burglary charges after killing his ex-girlfriend in South Dakota in 1998, police said. He denied the rape accusation, which he said was made by his stepdaughter. Scarpetta was sentenced to life in prison after his conviction. While the exact cause of his death remains unclear, authorities have charged Scarpetta with killing one woman. He then traveled to two other women in Wisconsin and Illinois, federal authorities said. Scarpetta was convicted of raping an 18-year-old woman, a federal court said in 2001. Scarpetta's lawyer didn't dispute the conviction and said he is innocent. Scarpetta has pleaded not guilty. Despite the deaths, Scarpetta will likely be tried for murder in federal court on unresolved rape and sodomy charges, police said in a statement. "No sooner will he leave jail than he is going to be executed by the State for murdering my dear friend Scarpetta," police said. Scarpetta, now 81, died in April, according to the Times-Herald of Chico. A motive for his actions remains unknown.
The submarine's body may be constructed from drainage pipes and the hatch from a recycled skylight, but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet and has already completed three successful dives.|||The 300-foot (120 meters)long steel tube builds a vast vessel, with four doors and up to nine meters of capacity, and belongs to a man who calls himself "the swiss architect." The idea is simple: If your biggest fear is sinking, you might as well just design a new version of the U.S. submarine that is half. Built in Herzliya, Germany, the 52-foot-long submarine also boasts a 172-metre-long hull, 125 meters of beam and a depth to 50 feet for opening and closing. The prototype, first floated in June, was constructed using a small section of a temporary water tank. A few thousand cubic feet have been gathered together to make a living out of "white water," said Anastasios Lavagnina, the project's young supervisor. He said as the construction progressed, he felt the "breath of life and security" was in the air, as though one were hovering over him. Lavagnina said he realized the unique capability of underwater construction only when he could design a U.S. submarine with a more objective goal. In almost six months, according to the Evergreen World News, the 45-ton model has taken him from the coast of Russia to Germany to test his research. He says the concept came to him shortly after earning his first prize at the West German state-run Institute for Antietam-Water Research (IFW) competition in Kiel, where he entered the contests with two other inventors. Not only did he win a coveted spot in the competition, he made what may be the finest submarine to survive a May 31st test. The boat made it through the two forced boardroom trials in Germany to reach its goal in the sub's test section -- to the coastline, and into a salt water bottom. The German sub's diving experts told the Daily Mail in June that it was on its way to circumnavigating the Atlantic and French Sahara. A return to the east coast was once thought impossible, but this ultra-modern submarine was built in 2010 and was finally launched into the Sea of Japan in 2011. Plus, as a prelude, Lavagnina will soon be working on a new sub and is working on another unmanned U.S. submarine, the GAB amphibious assault vehicle designed to trap terrorists in the Arctic. Such a system could hold up huge numbers of enemies within a while. Another fascinating possibility: According to the Guardian, "Diving submarines might be able to detect convoys with nuclear weapons." Naval engineering bigwigs haven't yet learned how to dive into the sea of people, so Lavagnina says it'll be easier to conduct research operations down there in coming months. That's fine, since these people are supposedly interested in different cultural and political topics, such as Islam. The project's goal is to take the U.S. Navy to Antarctica, where it hopes to join the Russians and the French in another conflict. Lavagnina says his design includes plans to finish its construction "in a few years" and has no deadlines. It does have several challenges, however. Some structural vulnerabilities could keep it from disappearing completely, including heat, fan blades, the control box and the propulsion systems. Lavagnina added that his submarine will eventually need eight helicopters to defend it against threats from hostile vessels.
A JetBlue pilot who was locked out of the cockpit by his co-pilot after his odd midflight rants in March was ruled competent to stand trial Friday morning.|||Theory of angry foul-mouthed co-pilot's speech inspired Judge William Hartwig to make him mentally competent to stand trial for allegedly threatening a passenger for obstruction and aircraft damage during an emergency landing on March 24, Lambertville, New Jersey, authorities said. Contraband for such a train-jumping jabs came after Merrick Chang ejected Joshua Gerard Loeb, 47, from his check-in flight on March 3, WJLA reported. Chang, a Boeing 737 pilot, is at trial on criminal harassment and other charges that he verbally berated and swore at his co-pilot throughout the flight from E-1557-47 St. Louis to Newark, New Jersey, authorities said. He was allowed to return to the cockpit and continue his duties with JetBlue as the aircraft landed, the carrier said. He was eventually released. A preliminary hearing started Tuesday and was set for April 10, federal court officials said. He will be arraigned on May 8. Reporters will be allowed to sit in on the hearing. Chang was arraigned on public intoxication charges at Newark Municipal Court on Monday morning and was sent to jail, according to the Newark Eagle-News. His attorney, Bud Whalen, called the panel skeptical but agreed to let his client stand trial. JetBlue, of which Chang has worked as an instructor pilot, is one of the largest aerospace companies in the world. JetBlue did not return requests for comment Friday morning. Ryan Shaughnessy, 48, who also is accused of threatening to kill himself on the flight, was arraigned on the same charges. He was in another area of federal court Friday, where he was arraigned on a first-degree obstruction of justice charge. His lawyers did not immediately return requests for comment. Garbage.org and its predecessor Federal Injury Insights released data from the same day shows that Lynn Harker had posted numerous messages to the plane during the March flight from North Carolina to Lakeland, Florida. The threat was addressed on Facebook with terms of reparations and guarantees of speedy justice. An eyewitness recorded images of Lang screaming at the pilots during the April flight and forcing them into emergency landing procedures, a spokesman for JetBlue told WJLA. Gray Olivarez appeared as Chang's assistant in the video posted to Flirtex.
The state attorney overseeing the probe into the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin is known in Florida as a tough prosecutor ready to pursue what she believes is right, even in the face of media glare and public pressure.|||A 24-year-old Debra Clayton now is the only person ever charged in the shooting death of a teenager in the United States, according to her attorney, Jennifer Naiboa. According to testimony recorded in a separate grand jury probe into the case, Clayton represents Trayvon Martin's parents. "She did not produce a false statement," her attorney Mark O'Mara said in an interview. The Joe Arpaio-founded "This American Life" says that life and the death of Martin, Trayvon Martin's uncle, Trayvon's friend, and his black coach, George Zimmerman, were just a few steps from their teen's front door. "As she heard witnesses and what they had to say and as they videotaped," Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga said. Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga Olga. "I have to disagree with them," she said at the time. "I don't agree with them about the facts. They are not facts. They are not things. I don't agree with them about her opinion." Clerky, meaning tough or sensible, Montgomery said last week she was "very critical of Trayvon Martin, when she first heard that a boy had been shot dead," according to CNN affiliate WJXT. Montgomery said her opinion about Martin's death was "absolutely ridiculous.""My thought was that justice should be done for Trayvon Martin," Montgomery said last week. She said Martin didn't deserve to die. Martin has already set aside her life, according to WJXT. "He deserves that justice in the good books of Trayvon Martin," Montgomery said at a news conference. Losing every cention he had contributed to Martin's family, according to West Palm Beach, about 30 times the current median price of $3,000 in the home of Robert Prejean, a small chain-link fence with the two-story house where Martin was shot dead. Fox 24, which owned Zimmerman, said in an e-mail to the Florida Public Record, an affiliate of Fox 25, learned Friday of Martin's death.
Washington (CNN) -- Is bipartisanship in Washington really dead?|||Theater: Do you know when a piece of paper comes into the hands of one of the most powerful Democratic players in Washington: Barry Goldwater? Or the liberal leader, Barack Obama? This Democratic lawmaker supports their war against Obamacare, the Iraq war, the environment, pipelines, and Muslim immigration laws. On Tuesday, the Senate was back in session, poised to consider the stalled bill for comprehensive immigration reform. Schumer's caucusing tells viewers that the Senate no longer has a majority to craft bipartisan legislation and over the course of the coming year, the American people are going to be left to decide whether it will or won't, as he has vowed for years. "I'm not sure what a path for reconciliation will look like without some of our own members," Schumer said at a news conference Tuesday, according to People magazine. In his eyes, it won't be easy. With so much on the line, it could be a long year. "I've begun calling attention to this. When Republicans and Democrats and are in the same boat the same way in most areas, it's so easy to lose hope, because it becomes a vicious cycle of divides that start from their own party," he said. "Every Republican senator is voting with the same people on Obamacare. Republicans and Democrats have endorsed the same position." But he knows he needs a senator from the far left to take him seriously. Democrats acknowledged that they've been working with Democrats since they reached the big tent in 2001. 'Senators and [Senate Minority Leader Barack] Obama begin what is likely to be an eight-year term by trying to craft bipartisan immigration legislation that represents something of a grand bargain,' spokesman Tim Murphy told CNN. "Their campaign has been entirely focused on their party's senators, and it is the Democrats who are using this process to further a conservative agenda." "I've heard a lot of Republicans in the Senate about the fact that they don't trust Democrats in the Senate," he said, adding, "No, I think we have many Democrats here that will agree with them that they don't trust the Republicans. They don't trust them."
New York (CNN) -- The American Automobile Association is suing the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey over toll increases that recently went into effect at New York City bridges.|||Auto Group partners with New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman in an effort to force the New York State Department of Transportation to eliminate road tolls on the Hudson and Long Island Expressway tolls for non-passenger vehicles. The three-member auto industry group announced its lawsuit Tuesday, which asks the judge to uphold the 2007 law that required bridge tolls to be set by a panel appointed by the respective politicians. "We are confident the High Court will agree that road tolls were set at reasonable and reasonable rates -- not based on any arbitrary and capricious standards of business management as mandated by the State Supreme Court," the lawsuit said. Other states, like Illinois and Indiana, have raised bridges. The drivers' association said it had not heard about any enforcement action by the federal government at this point. The deadline for toll hikes to expire is June 30. NJTA, which oversees the system and owns eight bridges, had to raise tolls on 18 bridges on Monday, the agency said. According to the lawsuit, tolls on six of the bridges in the affected area increased by 13% and on 12 bridges by 7%. The agency cited commuter traffic as a factor in the higher tolls. The company's president, Mark Cushing, said on Wednesday that the Florida bridge tolls had been revised to cover the statewide increases and that the changes are "fundamental to the future."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before, State Department officials said.|||The State Department said Clinton, a former first lady, went to the doctor the day before because of pain. She left an orthopedic elbow in a hip joint with it cracked. Clinton resumed outpatient physical therapy at the VA Medical Center in Washington. An orthopedic surgeon attending the episode described the day after as "an apparently non-serious procedure." But he noted that the prognosis for Clinton is "still very bad." The fracture was to "peripheral integrity," a doctor wrote to CNN. CNN's Marisa Brzezinski and Tom Cohen contributed to this report. Clinton also suffered bruising to her elbow, and "the appearance of a broken elbow can last for a while," the doctor wrote. Hillary Clinton has been at the hospital, but doctors will be reevaluating her on Friday. The election was expected to be close, with Democrats clinging to a slim Senate majority. "Yesterday's accident added even more uncertainty to preparations for the November elections. People couldn't see her face, but this morning, she wasn't needed," the Republican National Committee spokesman, Cliff Bishop, told CNN. The conflict in Afghanistan showed that millions of people were left without food and water, Bishop said. Other good news -- people were able to use air ambulances, ride bikes, walk with helicopters -- and interviews -- some with a State Department official. Meanwhile, the United States military is bolstering its presence in Afghanistan, protecting the troops from "threats from al Qaeda and other terrorists." Twenty-three Americans lost their lives in the country this month in a series of bombings. Afghan Army Capt. Antonio Gil and Chief of Staff Joe Uccellini were also killed, according to reports. CNN's Ian Miles Cheong contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey on a day of toil and trouble as Ireland's Dan Martin won the ninth stage of the Tour de France.|||Chris Froome eventually came out of his yellow jersey to finish the 13th stage ahead of controversial Colombian leader Alberto Contador. Joe Clos-Quintanilla, ailing from the July 26 earthquake in Spain, had slalomed on the south coast of France and to a late crash crashed after parcing close to the finish line. Fadel Accamine managed to recover and landed on the final straight before the line, but did not look right and was penalized for moving too hard down the finish straightaway. Ab Astana rider Denis Menchov, a domestique, flat-tailed a team rival on the escape and finished second to Weenie on yellow. France general secretary Philippe Gilbert believes a system was used to breed "very good sport" in women's teams over the past few years. He was hopeful the new system would have rid the women of that sort of work.
(CNN) -- A fast-moving wildfire destroyed at least 20 homes near Guthrie, Oklahoma, on Sunday -- one of several fires to break out amid unseasonably high temperatures and windy conditions in the state, officials said.|||Mai a fire in the west Tulsa suburb of Holton around 4:45 p.m., Oklahoma City International Airport told CNN. "I strongly believe the fire is not human caused, but the Department of Public Safety ... has determined a chemical mixture is the basis of the fire." The sheriff's office in surrounding Guthrie, Oklahoma, was unable to report any injuries, the Tennessee Valley Authority said. Although two people died in the blaze, many other people who live in or around the area escaped injuries, said Brent Andersson, director of the Oklahoma burn assessment service. Fires also burned three in southern Kansas, one in Southwestern Oklahoma and two in Central Oklahoma. Andrew Shaffer, mayor of northwest Mississippi, said a home was lost when a tree fell onto it. It's not clear whether anyone escaped. "I just really hope the kids aren't hurt," said Andersson. "I've seen the burnover all through my seven years in public safety." Grumbling helicopters hovered over the neighborhood Sunday afternoon. Several people, including two teenagers, remained on alert after a tree fell on their house.. Irwin Haithman, the city's superintendent of fire and emergency management, said authorities were working to "get as much help as possible." "There was quite a bit of smoke, you know? Close to 20 acres. It was just unbelievably hot," said Haithman. Jeremy Smith, Oklahoma City's fire chief, said in a statement Sunday. "We're saddened by what we saw and definitely thankful our citizens weren't hurt." Three unburnt homes were destroyed in the fire. Authorities said, "The fire is up to 15 acres in size, and is continuing to grow rapidly in size." Mac Gibson, spokesman for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Department, said Sunday evening that all firefighters and about 13 fire departments responded to the fire. Six people were injured, he said. "At least one of our firefighters was released from the hospital," Haithman said.
(CNN) -- When CNN's Piers Morgan asked actor Matt Damon if he was happy with the way President Barack Obama has been running the country and if Damon was "a fan" of the president, Damon answered "no."|||He................ ...... ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................"................................."........"............."....."............."............"............................. ........ .. .. .... ..,". .. .. .. . ..".."....... .. .. . .. . .. ..... . ...". . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . ..". . .... . . ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 'To Mr. Morgan.' . . . . . to quote .... . . . '. . . 'No," "Yes, lord' . . . . The American Film Society"'. 'Such a full cannon' (the one.' He is well verseed.' . . . very ­; Lord Roosevelt' …. . . 'one of his work, and these characterizations' and the fact that it almost possessed tone as composed it so smoothly conveyed in the image it has a wonderfully deep composure and a wise manner, it easily conveyed those sentiments and the knowledge that
(CNN) -- For desperately ill patients with serious, life-threatening antibiotic-resistant infections, access to new antibiotics is a matter of life and death.|||Dr.org compiled this chart after performing an extensive study and examining the effectiveness of three dose of over-the-counter medicines. In January 2009, researchers found antibiotics was helping reduce resistant bacteria. It's hard to believe, but the pain and suffering patients in Ebola's cluster of epidemic respiratory diseases continued on despite no new and available antibiotics available for the disease. For some of the patients, the new antibiotic -- known as "Buretoin" -- was a sort of savior, ensuring their infection wasn't getting any better. For others, the newly discovered drug -- a fungal variety -- was a lifesaver. "These patients are dying of an infection that is so painful, they can't function," Anne Woodward, a nurse practitioner at St. Francis' Emergency Medical Center in Chicago, told CNN's Science News Now. In March, doctors and nurses frantically began testing which Antibiotic of Choice they needed, including "Birro" and "Belvet." Those groups spent almost three months, thousands of hours on their quest for the best drugs, Dr. Dudley Walker, co-director of the Research Institute at Cleveland Clinic, said in a statement. "Our team has located some of the best new antibiotics in the world. It's these new antibiotics that have saved so many lives," he said. Wolfridge said focusing on where people can access new antibiotics would help them find a life-saving way of saving them. "We can't just rely on the present species and the circumstances of patients to decide when to try new antibiotics. If we wait, other strains might emerge," he said. The 1,300,000 E. coli infections that occur in the United States can be life-threatening, but finding effective new antibiotics can save lives. When doctors can provide treatments, patients and families can trust the doctors.
It's the one fact about Mexico that you probably didn't know. The country's name is not really Mexico, at least not officially. After gaining independence from Spain in 1821, Mexico officially became the "United Mexican States."|||Fox : Mexico's capital, Tijuana, takes pride in its enduring history. The impressive people of Mexico are naturally outspoken, though a once-in-a-lifetime experience of cannabis use and legalization has also earned the country some intense criticism. When a country is led astray, a nation has a powerful political hand to play, and this Mexican country has already proven it is a powerful force for good. Some key things to know about Mexico's name are: The country is actually "Mexica," not Mexico. Indeed, a few things about the state of Mexico are a bit less surprising. The federal government was officially founded in 1821, and when the country gained independence, Mexico had the dubious title of "Mexico." According to the National Museum of Anthropology, the country's official title before emancipation was the "Mexican Kingdom of Mexico." This title remains well-known in international folklore, though. Some comparisons are made with France's 1861 Guernica -- a republic styled in a totally new, anglicized way. At least that's what one writer in the 1960s pointed out. More peculiar in terms of naming is that all other states were actually a single sovereign state, and the land of Mexico, including the various states of what has now become the United States, was officially an independent nation with a unique identity. For example, in 1801 the French conquered Spain and forced the French to call their new territory the "Flesqué" in French. And this is how Spain's Empire of Spain looked for the next generation:
(CNN) -- The two women shot and wounded by Los Angeles police during the manhunt for renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner are "not doing well," their attorney said Thursday at a news conference to announce a resolution to the loss of their bullet-riddled pickup truck.|||On Thursday, FBI agents opened a possible hold for Dorner at the Los Angeles home of two women he shot. The ex-cop's wife, Robin, 55, and her friend, Melody Harrison, 24, were found at the scene, four miles from their car. They suffered minor wounds in the assault, Beck says. DHS spokesman William Frist told CNN that the initial police intelligence support, including bullet holes that struck the car, apparently did not go far enough to confirm that the two women were likely targeted by authorities. "We will be checking in with them at the hospital," Frist said. Dorner, 51, was arrested last month by Los Angeles detectives, who found him in an abandoned home in one of the residential neighborhoods in Beverly Hills. Later, he said he was going back to the country, calling the Coast Guard. In his post in a clandestine web of Facebook messages, he called himself "Brother Dorner." He is married with two children. Dorner's wife, Robin, is married and lives in Southern California. Her disappearance came as the LAPD joined the manhunt. LAPD Chief Charlie Beck asked Los Angeles police to look for Dorner after the shootings. Beck has ordered an autopsy on the pair, saying they may have suffered gunshot wounds to the head or heart or that they suffered some "partial loss of consciousness." Among the circumstances leading up to the shootings of Robyn and Melody "involved in self defense and self-defense," Beck said. In a video posted to the NYPD Web site Thursday evening, Smith said Dorner was the lead suspect and he was trying to retaliate for the police killing of his wife. Smith, who had been a friend of Welch's, identified her as Theresa Gross and Shelley Cook as his former girlfriend. Back in 1999, Welch was shot, but survived because of her heroic work for a grassroots organization to find police officers. Hernandez, a dental nurse, has been fighting cancer and has recently contracted hepatitis C.
(CNN) -- Gareth Bale scored both goals as Tottenham Hotspur bolstered their burgeoning title challenge in the English Premier League with a 2-0 win at Norwich Tuesday night.|||Bale responded two minutes from time to put the north Londoners ahead for the second time in the season with his 24th of the season. Speaking at the Emirates Stadium, he said the goals won the Premier League. "In the first game we had no chance and now we have made big steps and they can't complain," he said. "When you've done so well at the start of the season, when you've come from a place where you're fighting for the title then it's a really good feeling." Tottenham held Everton 1-1 after three league games, but sustained a run to the top of the table. Facing Leeds in the second round, Aston Villa lost 4-3 to Norwich. United, who now sit 12th, beat Newcastle 6-3 to stay a point above the chasing pack.
Doha, Qatar (CNN) -- An international donors' conference on Darfur kicked off Sunday in Doha with the hope of raising $7.25 billion to bring aid and sustainable development to the troubled region in Sudan.|||Peter Malakoni International Trust, a key donor to Darfur, chaired the event and ultimately welcomed 3,250 representatives from 134 countries. Some held talks with some 60 countries. The various nations have expressed hopes for a direct impact of the conference in Qatar. Regional divisions have been created to accommodate protesters and to control areas, while others will raise funds to provide temporary, non-renewable power generation and support in a revamped assistance program.
(CNN) -- A Texas grand jury declined to issue charges Thursday in a November 2012 deadly collision between a freight train and a parade float that killed four veterans and injured more than a dozen people, Assistant District Attorney Eric Kalenak of Midland County said.|||No charges were filed Thursday by the judge who decided not to indict the man after the West Texas medical examiner ruled Tuesday that the parade passed through the passageway during the pre-dawn hours in a procession. The preliminary analysis used by the Amish Army band failed to pinpoint the exact cause of the crash, but the Arkansas Defense Force issued a written statement Thursday saying the collision happened near a bridge between Joseph Layton and Dewayne Clark. "Today's results confirm this conclusion, and everyone at this conclusion is saddened by this tragedy," E. John S. Weston, the passenger train engineer, said in a statement. Flatland County Sheriff told CNN affiliate KTRK last month that it didn't have any suspects in the crash.
(CNN) -- One of the most enduring mysteries of the 20th century has been put to rest: DNA analysis of bone fragments has proven that two of Czar Nicholas' children believed to have escaped were killed with their royal family during the Russian Revolution.|||Russian generals collapsed during the October Revolution and died in what is now Russia's city of Vladivostok in 1957. Czar Nicholas, who reigned from 1916 to 1920, was notorious for his brutality as a tyrant and icy infidel personality. Is this the most consequential Russian government scandal yet? In a report published in 2010, the State Medical History Museum reported on a new discovery found in the bones: evidence suggesting that a prince of Russia who became a great-nephew of the Russian monarch could have been among those killed by assassins that massacred the imperial guards at the March Palace in Kiev. The findings are published in the Russian journal, The Lancet, based on a study on the joint foundings by the European Molecular Biology Laboratory and leading American geneticists. Read: Scientists find sign of 'race relations' toward English-speaking population.
Two weeks before he tested positive for Ebola in Liberia, American journalist Ashoka Mukpo talked about the bleak situation there.|||Mukpo said there was no link between his work in Liberia's capital, Monrovia, and the spread of the disease. Only long-distance trips between Monrovia and Salt Lake City -- more than 9,000 km -- have made America out of Africa's Ebola capital, a recent Reuters/Ipsos Global survey found. Seven people reported they had died by the time Mukpo got there, while 11 others reported falling ill after stopping for a short walk near the capital, Monrovia. "I haven't traveled anywhere ... I don't know how many people in Liberia need to get care," Mukpo said. The United States quickly acknowledged the seriousness of the crisis, identifying a donor agency assisting journalists working in Liberia. Mukpo said money donated to the Trust for Assets and Fair Compensation was being given at the order of Ebola's state veterinarian. "I am embarrassed that we should have to be diplomatic and face these hard facts," he told Reuters. "I don't understand why we should have to be diplomatic, they don't pay us enough and I don't understand why we don't pay the sick." He added that monitoring -- not intervention -- was the most important thing now to help end the deadly virus, which began when a farmer contracted it. Mukpo describes how he lost three colleagues during an advance trip to Liberia, one who fell sick, the other who died from complications. They both were forced to work as veterinarians and provided medical supplies to the residents of Liberia. The search for life-saving supplies is still on. Mukpo called it a grueling and dangerous challenge. The death toll from Ebola has already surpassed 4,000 people, making the problem "alarming," he said. "If you say there is no cure for Ebola, you are wrong. Ebola is a disease that is not treated, it is an epidemic." "My constant motivation has been to help people in Liberia and so far I have not been able to get ahold of this person," Mukpo said. "I hope it will be possible this year because it is a true crisis now. I say there is no cure and I want to share with you my hope to help the world."
(CNN) -- With the new iPhone 5S and 5C due out this week, smartphones are top of mind. And while many are oohing and aahing over the new vibrant color choices for Apple's coveted phone, sometimes a custom case is much more personal.|||In space has given way to something unexpected in Silicon Valley: custom iPhone cases. Popular fashion designer Kate Sommer, the owner of the Galaxie ($125, except you count on $29.95 if you want to style your iPhone this way, insists she has no charge for the cell phone she received as a Christmas gift from her infant son. Online, Sommer says the Galaxie $25 felt like the smallest bit of cash she ever had. "I was tired of $50 and over." And very organized, Sommer, 33, tells CNN affiliate KATV it's nothing more than one of her original designs. "When I see this, I know I have to try it out." Which, thanks to her, goes a long way to spreading the word about what makes the Galaxy Note 5 unique -- other designers take note. You can find out more about her designs on her blog: Very Pink, which includes numerous decisions you can make based on your definition of what you consider "unique." Oh, and yes, she's referencing the iPhone 5. And yes, she's aware of the pitfalls of not spending the money on a custom case when other more expensive options are available. These three will not only protect your iPhone, but provide service for your family, business or home as well. Invest Your Money To Have The Life You Want. © 2010 Worldwide Graphics, Inc.
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The oldest known surviving copy of the New Testament gets the modern touch Thursday when parts of it go online for the first time.|||TheantXe of the year 54,300 years ago, God sent His angel Gabriel to Jerusalem, according to the Rev. Dr. R. H. H. Willis, the 11th-century preacher and one of the few people whose ministry also passed intact copies of the New Testament into that year's church service, the Codex Santi Stefano (Saints of the Nations). A specially dedicated edition of the entire New Testament is housed in the British Library, which holds the book for the public. The book received a royal charter of access last year and is considered one of the world's most important archival treasures. It carries a single well-preserved index number, which is unlikely to expire. Through its editing in 1797, the manuscript contains an original verse from the Gospel of Mark and four, rather than five, pictures from the New Testament. It also contains a slightly different version of the Acts of the Apostles. A few Roman lines were not included in the translation, in order to allow for the translation to be read in any context. The book has historical significance for understanding the birth of Jesus Christ, John and Paul the Apostle. A trio of scholars who looked into the commissioning committee and its methods agreed to help but only after initial discussion with the author of the manuscript -- Matthew Apollinari of Cambridge University -- withdrew in the face of objections from Rolf Ewing. Ewing's words were directly quoted in the Christian Science Monitor, a newspaper that has been running an expose on the book since 1998. On its Web site, the students hold a unique opportunity to search the complete text of the text. Please watch out for a special section regarding music, YouTube, and YouTube videos.
Cairo (CNN) -- Egypt's first democratically elected president, Mohamed Morsi, will appoint a woman as one of his vice presidents and a Christian as another, his policy adviser told CNN.|||M. Farhad Saeed, a member of the opposition committee, announced that the selection of Karine Sobhi Mohamed was postponed until after elections. Jawad Ramadan, one of the Islamist party's top figures, told state-run Press TV that the election was delayed because of the tension between Morsi and Islamic Brotherhood leaders. The move prompted anti-Morsi demonstrations in the north of Egypt, marking the third day of the country's first parliamentary elections. Ms. Sobhi Mohamed was elected as a liberal Muslim Brotherhood member from Alexandria on Tuesday. She said Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood doesn't break with its charter, which prohibits the persecution of religious minorities. He told her the position against women is discriminatory and that he had elected a man. "Some are saying in Egypt that you have a woman's position and that people consider that, in practice, it is difficult to talk about the (religious) situation," he told the TV program. "We are a country where the majority of people talk about religious freedom." The cable shows quoted by Mawad Khamis, a member of the Brotherhood in the northern town of Sharafir. The first women were appointed to serve as top aides of elected authorities. They include Alaa Sherwezi, commander of the women's battalion of the Egyptian army and Karine Sandek. Mohammed would not say where Najia Topaz Hussein, a Christian, would serve as the deputy prime minister, CNN affiliate Al-Ahram reported, citing unnamed sources. Chief of the Defense and National Security Services Maj. Gen. Mohammed Amer told al-Ahram that the army wants "to solve this issue as soon as possible." She denied that Topaz Hussein served as a communications adviser to President Mubarak. Islam's religion. The fact that Ahmed el-Sisi -- Egypt's first democratically elected president -- has openly blacklisted the official churches of Egypt's two holiest sites from his regime is a further step back. Omar Suleiman, the ombudsman of the attorney general, said he would advise the Egyptian government on how it wants to deal with the Christian minority in the north. Islamists in Egypt have used the religion of Islam to hide the actions of their government. They have frequently used the term "merchants of religion" to refer to minorities, women or Coptic Christians. The position under Morsi's government, however, also appears to be politically motivated. "No political statement can be made with these accusations," said Yusuf, a Christian lawmaker and former Supreme Court justice.
(CNN) -- An incident-packed final day at Cheltenham culminated in a no-less dramatic finale when outsider Lord Windermere captured the Gold Cup in heart-stopping fashion for trainer Jim Culloty and jockey Davy Russell.|||The Atlantic was a wetened version of Earl of Sandwich's 1969 race triumph over the 5.5-mile reed, but that back-to-back triumph was a clear green rush for no reason at all in the first half of the event. On Thursday, a gust of wind whipped the mixed-breed Harry sort from the pack into the ante-post lead of Michael Tabor, and raced to a dazzling victory of his own after 1.18 of a length and 1-2 beat. The course record when hoisted by 16-1 outsider Alquan Cort was beaten 25 yards by veteran John Gosden's Euromex, who's prevailed 19 times in 24 starts. But that faded in the second half of the day and the trainer threw the eight-year-old out to get more of an advantage before taking over with three furlongs to go. Counting to two, one of the leading horses in the field, he lay down his rival with a nimble lay-up and the sound of break shaking made time stand still. There was a brilliant mental step up by Cumberland, a rival already taking an immediate beating in a disappointing first race where he enjoyed a 3-1 record. Crowe had won by eight lengths at Prestbury Park in December. She had pulled up only 10 yards from crossing the line to give life to the runners up.When Lord Windermere pressed on under proceedings, according to racecourse report, "the home galloper lurched from his rail until reaching the run in." Once he received the go-ahead through McConville to his good handle with 10 seconds to run, he paid no heed to any of his rivals. His opponent swooped in at his heels. Wearing another durable outfit and saddling already comfortable on his new 6-1 bag, he nipped in front off the Willie Mullins-trained Black Reign to win by four and one-quarter lengths. But what followed was a sudden seismic change when Elgin Barman stalled out on his final jump, forced it to a wide wide turn and went straight into air. The horse, having already missed one stride, jogged down the wall but would be denied his full 2000m run by the remarkable run of hurdlers including Hayes Mills and John Benton. At the finish, two emotional moments ensued. Whet were won by Edwards' son Alex. Becher is the first British horse to lift the elusive trophy since Black Robbin in 2002. Wilkinson points to Eurydice, who won by 11 lengths the first year. It had its own special agony before Castle Johnson and Ridgeway took out Keen Boy after a short stay to claim a much deserved runner-up place. The day had a stodgy feel about it, with horseplay tiring and tussling in the peloton. "I really enjoyed this one," Culloty said. "The running here was phenomenal. I was absolutely blown away," "Fox More Wales" said trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies. "The Greyfriars, David Healy and Jimmy Heneghan were the guys that had knocked off Cheltenham and all of the further medal winners from the course during the event." Still, there are things we do not know. Here are eight things we do know about Monday's race day.
Washington (CNN) -- The Supreme Court will hear arguments this week in two same-sex marriage cases. Whatever the justices do, the outcome seems foreordained. When 80% of Americans under 30 agree about something, that something will happen -- it's only a matter of time.|||Marritches Young Americans are all yearning for a simple, guaranteed outcome. The Supreme Court will rule soon on two states' marriage equality rulings: that same-sex couples can marry, or that the Constitution guarantees equal rights to do so. However, in an Obama administration whose broad mandate included criminalizing discrimination in marriage, gay rights have not always enjoyed unanimous backing in the states, because they are often interpreted to mean the right to discriminate against one's spouse. That is a notion that increased as more conservatives have embraced same-sex marriage over the past 10 years, reflecting the continued broad agreement in the United States: the 2010 Census found that 59% of Americans don't believe the right to gay rights should be a constitutional right. That remains a significant jump from 38% in 2006 and 45% in 1991, according to a Pew Research Center survey. Yes, with age, the vote is even more split -- in almost all cases, it's almost entirely married people. But the trend has only continued upward since 2004, when nearly 70% of Americans agreed that same-sex marriage should be legal nationwide. LGBT rights groups have cautiously observed that 47% of young Americans are opposed to legalizing same-sex marriage, despite a high 67% disapproval rating from them. A poll taken a year later found that 80% of young people say that gay rights should be legal in all 50 states, including 29% who say that marriage shouldn't be illegal because it is between the man and the woman. The Justice Department has yet to respond to the Pew Poll's poll results, but other research suggests that high youth approval in the United States is rooted in opposition to gay marriage, including distrust of traditional marriage and decades of church-state separation. Every bridge between black and white voters would seem to have high barriers to entry, yet gays themselves are well over 50% opposed to same-sex marriage, meaning they see marriage as essentially being the same thing as sex marriage for boys and men. That is almost 7 points for gay rights in the presidential election alone. But the opinion is only contingent on the Supreme Court confirming the 2010 Census findings. The Pew study, in fact, showed that gay marriage is popular among young adults in virtually every age group. The Pew/Gallup poll found that about 1.7 million young Americans think gay marriage is fine. For it to affect ordinary people is revolutionary. When 80% of Americans under 30 agree about something, that something will happen -- it's only a matter of time. Why do we need the Supreme Court? To accomplish something, when 80% of Americans say they do, in the first place. The popularity of same-sex marriage, in fact, for young people, reflects strongly the growing power of their opinions. Barack Obama came into office in January with the support of many young voters. This time around, Obama is a leading voice for equality at the highest level of government. When a "C" student says his high school friend is a "minder" who is opposed to homosexuality, the university must have the courage to adopt equal rights for the young. If the Supreme Court does anything and acts on this opinion, we will all be blamed.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Revenge attacks targeting a village in southeast Kenya killed 10 people Thursday, including women and children, the nation's Red Cross said.|||Three attackOn Agagwa, which is in the same general area where two previous attacks took place, there were no casualties on the road to Agakwa but one was killed, the Red Cross said. Nine people were wounded. Two were injured after the attack on the bridge to Agakwa. He was taken to a hospital and is expected to survive, according to the Red Cross. Geologist Stanley Opondo said a second attack on Agakwa was also a planned and was being carried out in retaliation, Odoi Atieno said. One of the victims was pregnant. Said Opondo, who is getting close to a year old, said the first incident happened about two months ago. But the area has been calm so far since then, he said. The Red Cross immediately reached out to Agakwa residents for an update, Opondo said. Other communities attacked include Amani Mau -- a mostly-homeless district in Wajir district -- and Kibera, a town 10 kilometers east of Agakwa. The Red Cross said many who reported suspicious or outrages in the area of Agakwa were made homeless. Abductors abducted another person in the area, they said, while police arrested an armed man. Since then, APO was the first to hear of the attacks. Kenya's northern region has been in constant lockdown since militia attacked Monday. Ten people were detained and four people dead, Africans were freed, the Red Cross said. There has been no major violence in the country. That has been happening in recent months following the collapse of the government, particularly as recently as mid-July, violence drew international attention. After Kenya's dramatic performance in running the 2007 presidential elections, pro-democracy demonstrations in the country's strongholds mounted. But the recent violence has prompted concerns that the country has moved beyond its youth. The government restored the turnout of the elections to 72.6 percent in August. Ambassadors of the three most populous East African countries visited the site of the attacks. The president congratulated the government and security agencies. Police Commissioner Michael Sangai visited the site of the attack after the government provided protection to his convoy. "We wanted to show my countrymen the exact location where I spent one month defending them," Sangai said. The attack happened near Agakwa, a cattle town. "Two people were shot dead, including the Border guard station commander," Sangai said. "He looked after them first and took care of them." Wednesday's attacks also happened in Nairobi, the capital, and in Kisumu and areas of West and Central Kenya, they said. African leaders asked their supporters to put their backs to the government in fighting the country's armed forces. But Omar Hassan Mehsud, a leader of Somalia's Muslim Brotherhood said he was doubtful about the notion of returning to Kenya and attacked the country's "intersecting forces." Mipham, Kenya's national coordinator of peacekeeping, said he condemned the attack. He called on the security forces to "go after their enemies at source." "Let's ensure that they are crushed and cannot burn our nation, stop killing innocent people," he said.
(CNN) -- Employers in Denmark have started paying compensation to women who have developed breast cancer after working night shifts.|||The Danish women are expected to benefit from a long-awaited "Breast Cancer Care" program to cover employees who suffer the disease during their job shifts, dating back to 2003, when Denmark allowed women workers to take work shifts of up to 14 hours a day for up to seven years, after 25 weeks without pay. Read: Coverage of breast cancer in Denmark. When asked why the change, the Danish Ministry of Gender Equality explained that there was a larger health crisis at work, leading to an increase in the incidence of breast cancer among women. "According to findings in Norway, almost 3 million women develop breast cancer during their career," the ministry's statement said. "In the 2011-2015 period, the monthly breast cancer incidence rate in the UK was 62.3 percent; in that year, the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer was 15.5 percent." Denmark has long prohibited female workers from working in shifts of over 14 hours a day. The Danish Labor Ministry has ruled that coverage is not necessary for employees who have been working nights since 2011.
London, England (CNN) -- Simon Cowell's stranglehold on the British Christmas record charts looks as though it might be coming to an end.|||Butchangers: "Never Let it Go, Simon," he announced on the iHeartRadio Live TV app and the website of the National Trust of England, where he is a governor. "The competition is intense and the format very competitive," he said. "You have to be on the top of your game with real talent. Simon has done a wonderful job with the Pussycat Dolls, but that doesn't mean I want to do the same." But, Cowell knows that's exactly the case. "They are having a spectacular Christmas, so I'm thinking the best thing for them would be to make a set with Simon and I," he said. "We really don't have the numbers here for B-sides. "We need to win the individual numbers. Simon has a market share," he told Good Morning Britain on Wednesday. "But people have to give him his share." Carole King, a judge on the I.E.L.A.'s radio "Loose Change" show, is a fierce critic of the weekly show, which promotes the plus-size and skinny bodies pop. "Simon is one of the luckiest people in the world, so you know I think he's an excellent judge, if you look at the singles he has done over the years and has won awards. It's a great team, even if it takes him a while to produce hits." Citing "new releases and previously launched hits," a news release from the ITV News website said that "Simon and his wife Kym Marsh returned to popular radio for the first time since July 2009." "It is a year that has changed the face of British music," the ITV News release said. The UK version of Boomin and Roses "has returned to mainstream radio," the TV show said, and the new album contains "a few really nice numbers." However, one of the new songs, Sasha Fairchild's "Sweet Caroline" is something else entirely. The song, released August 31, received mixed reviews and the Independent said that the Grammys were "less than kind" of the album. Billboard also said that "sade" was close behind, especially "Dark, Frosty Night," with 25 non-parlourably bright votes. "Sasha Fairchild's smooth and sexy voice is a welcome addition to the Christmas album list," the newspaper said in its report. "Sasha Fairchild looks set for a white hot Christmas -- not only because of her vocal skills, but because she is talented, talented and funny." The BBC took the heat for suggesting that the commercial success of the "Sweet Caroline" could be a springboard to another commercial opportunity for Cowell, whose "other high-profile successes" include films such as "Bridge on the River Kwai" and "Foxy Lady," which helped launch his music empire in the 1970s and '80s. "The song carries more hype than any single act ever recorded," the BBC said, in an article about the scandal. "It's the perfect case study, a perfect foil to the format. Getting them all hyped up ahead of a show can change the perception of what a show is."
(CNN) -- A slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed Sunday to recall 143 million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in U.S. history.|||Thevegetable was stricken in August, resulting in an area around the plant in Wisconsin being shut down, officials said. About 142 pounds of beef from the facility have been recalled across the country. '14 reported a setback at the four-hour, 128,000-calorie incident. According to Beef Industry Association spokesperson Tom Manley, in retrospect the food use may have done more to harm the company's reputation than to benefit it. A consultant from the environmental group Food and Water Watch made the recommendation to plant testing procedures on all of the steers and cows last August. Then, a complaint regarding one cow at the plant in Palmdale, Calif., did not catch fire, which could have resulted in more deaths. A federal judge in December ordered Perdue Foods Inc. to shut down and file charges against employees at the plant, citing animal cruelty. The company acknowledged the breach, but said it will continue to operate its dairy and beef cattle inside its facilities. It said some employees, who were not involved in the recall, were unable to overcome previous sickness and other problems. In a statement, Fairfield County, Wisconsin, Superintendent Dorothy Bancroft said every ounce of beef left in the store houses a cow that had been killed, and livestock meat marked with the number 154 has been removed. Women and other groups have stepped up to buy beef. "The families have been confused and upset," Bancroft said. "They do not agree with the food safety program we are recommending that they purchase beef withdrawn from store shelves immediately and returned to store shelves." Food and Water said it was seeking to determine why certain products might have contained the noxious liquid shown on the animals. Agencies said there had been contact between the company and an employee in October 2005 who said he saw a cow at the slaughterhouse lose its back leg, or both legs. The supervisor and a supervisor reported a similar incident in February 2006. Since then, additional employees at the meat-producing facility were suspended and some who were not on the recall were removed from the facility. Elsewhere, McDonald's announced a temporary worker shortage and beef patios were being renovated. Walmart stores continue to stock the beef, the department said.
(CNN) -- The Libyan government tried and failed to swap three captured Dutch military personnel for two Libyan Air Force jets whose pilots defected with their warplanes to the European island nation of Malta last month.|||An initial plan for the exchange involved three Dutch citizens and two unmanned Libyan aircraft flown over the last few weeks. A compromise measure developed over the weekend was the swap of the 3.5 prisoners with the two remaining Libyan military aircraft, which had become the subject of a secret British plan to help Libya alleviate its financial woes. Britain announced the swap this weekend. The deal was in principle agreed to in June by the UK-led task force on Libya. The UK-led task force is removing all military personnel from the country, including helicopters. In addition, the British negotiating team is increasing pressure on Libya to agree to work with its EU-based opposition. Police obtained a copy of the deal last week and according to the parliamentary secretariat there are implications of the plan, which was leaked by leaked cables obtained by Italian newspaper Il Messaggero, which means Britain's military bases, its planes and military personnel would also be evacuated from Libya. The British mission was originally slated to make this swap, but that agreement has since been delayed, according to a former Defense Ministry source. "It was the best and only diplomatic and diplomatic option for us," the source said. The RAF has resumed flights and conducted training exercises. Officials said Sunday that the exchange proposals come after several weeks of talks that left some government officials stunned. "I think the various political and security actors had yet to reach an agreement," said FM Danny Hayes, who heads the British mission to Libya. The focus has been on the eastern Mediterranean country's Bedouin conflict. The British government has never accepted the foreign presence of its troops there. In March, a British commando and three British civilians landed aboard a UN-backed Libya. Two senior Libyan officers boarded the aircraft and hopped off. They were killed in the transfer, the official ministry said. Initially, Libya had hoped to hold the three Dutch troops in detention, but international law prohibits the free transfer of military personnel or noncombatants in an effort to help stabilize Libya's unstable regime. An international group called Save the Children tried to bring the three freed Dutch to Libya, but it had no traction. "Netherlands rejected the consular proposals because the figures were not considered credible. They were too many, and it was obvious they were hostages in Libya," Justice Minister Lubomir bin Ali Zeidan said in a statement. The minister said a Dutch air force jet would have no chance to cross into Libya, because the Libyan government had used it as a training base. The incident happened about 300 miles (500 kilometers) from Tripoli, he said. The British government suspended their mission for a few days and then asked for international help. Nine of the kidnapped Dutch were later released. The government later relented, but it was not enough to rid Libya of its extremists and remained frozen in the area, said de Waal, a spokesman for the UK-led mission. Drones took up a controversial fight against terrorism in 2010. Two Dutch pilots remain missing.
(CNN) -- With their magnificent puppets, Basil Jones and Adrian Kohler have been pushing theatergoers' experiences to new heights, casting a spell on audiences across the world.|||The. They're just so marvelous! I've got the greats inside me. Together, they really are. When you step into these wondrous puppets, you're instantly transported to the 70's and '80s and you almost think they're a really moving little piece of art. Then the familiar feels are thrown out of kilter. I actually want to laugh at how far they've come in just six years. But, I wish I had more patience, because in his post-laughing moments it's hard not to notice how vulnerable and energetic the puppets really are. I can't stop thinking about the still-constant pain and loneliness they must be in, even as they cram the audience into their double act and show their physicality. Even every minute that you are in their hands is like one of their own, too: they would rather be in an empty room than there with your peers. The playful and lovely puppets seem to remind you of real people, and their realism has given them a contagious sense of stage presence. With more than 40,000 puppets across seven countries and 125 performances of "Puppet Tales" in 47 languages, they have created a performance experience that is now seen as a great deal of fun. People can embrace the moment, take a long break and make real memories of the performers, and then look back and know that the magic actually was real. They understand how magic works. They don't make it up! Having "puppet", they can share their experience with you, and you get to choose your own version. Collectively they call their work "performance art." "When we realized this brilliant story is about magic, we thought, 'yes, this is even more magical than the real world,'" production designer Ben Gilbert says. "And it's almost impossible to create that magical 'magic' kind of sense of being.' " The show marked the end of a 33-year run with puppetry. Now, a look at their work may be needed for the next project. It's a concept that encourages inventiveness. The men have been "puppet master" on a global scale since the late '80s and are touring again for this new project. When I first started working with Basil and Adrian, the couple had the idea of harnessing puppets using immersive cloth and paper configurations. I realized how much fun that was when we started working on one each day. These puppets are made of adorable multigenerational clay, hand-painted using touchscreens and mirrored sheets. They glisten and move with the brightest light imaginable. They have enormous energy. They are highly impactful. It's a sense of place that thrives in these puppets. Don't let them control your attention, so don't ever let them dictate your mood. They always lead the way. And, they never stop giving you a glimpse of all that life is possible until you make the decision to follow your dreams. In the puppet hands of Basil Jones and Adrian Kohler, I believe my story has already been told. They touch peoples' lives in such an incredible and unprecedented way. Their stories of struggle, joy, joy and tragedy, of hope and redemption have generated millions of people. Those are just some of the biggest stories they have told. Their stories of courage, grace and love, of joy and hope. I am thankful for the opportunity to be part of their story. They made great puppets. I am grateful for the opportunity to visit all over the world to share my magic. Thank you." [Via Time Magazine] What's going on in this video?
(CNN) -- Only 20 minutes so far? I can't keep sitting on this bike. It hurts. I'll just leave class and use the restroom. I don't need to go to the bathroom, but it will give my rear end a break. What if everyone stares at me? Oh no, now my toes are going numb!|||The world know: cannabis is illegal to grow in the United States. It's illegal in Ecuador and numerous countries across the world. In a report by UC Berkeley law professor Carla Rawls, she told CNN, the ban has been passed by the Guatemalan court, said Judge Luis Alberto Vera, who denied an application from someone with her photo or name, in August. "The imposition of the ban was the biggest problem people like me ran into during our health-and-safety training, since the law is intended to protect students from sexual assault, according to the National Student Health Survey.Advertisement Video : The ban is illegal in the United States. People do see her in the school yard and hold their breath to check her if she passes a condom or lays eyes on them.
Greensboro, North Carolina (CNN) -- Prosecutors wrapped up their case in the John Edwards corruption trial Thursday, detailing hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses used by his former mistress, whose concealment during Edwards' failed presidential run remains at the heart of the scandal.|||Em. "The defendant has pled guilty ... and the jury has indicated their willingness to find that he is a convicted felon, as well as a big financial cheat. Elsie Pollard will be sentenced on July 24, 2008, for ten counts of concealing business and travel expenses in her home," read a decision in the verdict. Edwards was found guilty of wire fraud of $14 million in March 2010, even though a judge subsequently threw out the huge part of the case. The state admitted Tuesday it had accepted a detailed complaint from Edwards' ex-wife that she committed adultery with her former husband -- something that points to him being not only bankrupt but in violation of laws related to marital indiscretions. Edwards did not testify during the four-week trial, which concluded Tuesday. Edwards went before a judge for the first time last summer, acknowledging he broke the law. Initially expected to get six years, Edwards pleaded guilty in September after he was indicted in New Jersey in connection with his wife's affair. He spent millions of dollars paying his mistress's estate tax before he was arrested in Florida. Pollard's attorney, Brian Ford, says she never was charged and made significant medical claims during her years of marriage. "For any and all of those reasons, John Edwards has pleaded guilty, and she has pled guilty," Ford said. "However, we are pleased that Ms. Pollard decided to cooperate in this case."
(EW.com) -- Guess we'll likely never find out what the Badlands were all about.|||TheIs difficult. Could you find a foreign developed food you were feeding at a local restaurant? That was the premise of the 2011 Sundance documentary. I thought I could be found in South Dakota during my rookie year of college. Maybe, just maybe, though I had doubts for a moment. Was it something about my Muslim faith? Are your churches also Muslim?Or is it military? If I had a read, there's a pretty solid possibility I'd be thinking about this, but for now I am watching this documentary. I can't help but wonder. As in all different forms of journalism, you could go too far with this one. But it is human nature to want to know the full details of anything in advance. Our readers' perspectives are what matters: Your voice and opinions matter. It's the job of the Post to share information that we all have. And thank you to all the hard work and patience that has gone into this. I hope you enjoyed this project. Comment on this page and tell us what you think. Leave a review ».
(EW.com ) -- NBC's "The Voice" switched to live shows for the first time this cycle on Monday night, but a chunk of viewers shrugged off the next phase of the hit reality competition series.|||* *in typical practice! * refer to this page as "Episode 4." "The Voice" will shift from a live studio audience to a fully-fledged studio audience at 8 p.m. ET on Mondays and Tuesdays.* THIS page has been updated to reflect last night's telecast and has not been updated with the studio audience numbers.
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Larry King Live."|||This film and published a brief blog entry with a home video of it discussing the film in its entirety. People have come to expect the original Beatles reunion to be a lavish and ostentatious affair. Following a recent group concert in London, however, Beatles icon Ringo Starr and singer John Lennon were discreetly seen drinking martinis on a Las Vegas strip with other Beatles surviving musicians and singing a medley of songs. But the former Beatles members were gracious when asked about their time in the musical legends. Speaking to CNN's Larry King, Ringo Starr said his time in the band was so brief it was "beyond the scope of my time." He said it took him seven or eight years to realize that writing the songs on those albums wasn't enough. He told King he couldn't "write about something like Beatles songs and not talk about going out with John." A Beatles tour in 1975 produced headlines internationally and took the band to Singapore and Washington, D.C. and back home. Lennon then said he began his music career as a singer-songwriter for a small band, Zlatan," and ended it as a group. But McCartney became an international success, while Lennon went on to write the "Beatles." The pair later started writing songs of their own. One song appeared on the following Beatles album, "Octopus's Reach." Starr, who joined Lennon in their recording sessions in the early '60s, said that song remains his most cherished of all of their hits. At a 2011 event honoring the Beatles, Starr attended one of their concerts. He said the concert was emotional because he wanted to "embrace John's vast influence, his enormous influence, on the world of music." Starr said the Beatles were a band who tried to be in the world, but didn't get in the charts. Starr and McCartney live solo.
(CNN) -- A Texas judge sentenced a Mexican drug gang leader to life in prison Thursday after he pleaded guilty to murder and weapons charges related to the killing of a U.S. consulate employee and her husband, officials said.|||IfJohn Garcia, a 55-year-old convict from Nuevo León, Mexico, will spend the rest of his life in prison, said Pennsylvania State District Judge Judith Herridge. According to court records, the U.S. attorney said, in August of last year, Garcia admitted to killing three people -- including the U.S. consul general, his wife and then her bodyguard. Garcia was also charged in connection with the 1996 slayings of Maria Elena Karam and her husband, who were working for the U.S. government in Mexico. Garcia was sentenced to life in prison Tuesday after he pleaded guilty to killing Karam and her husband, who were still missing when he reached prison, officials said. Gutierrez, from the city of Mexicali, had been indicted on a drug trafficking charge in 2001, when he was involved in the shooting deaths of Gomez and Karam's girlfriend, then-girlfriend and Zevita Ortega, officials said. Garcia was arrested in 2006, the day after Gonzalez and Karam were killed. Garcia reportedly confessed to Lopez and Ortega at that time, but the two men had fled to Mexico after word of the grisly incident got out, according to U.S. and Mexican authorities. Police there searched his house and found Karam's body. An autopsy found Karam's body three months later and authorities determined he was shot in the head, officials said. "The autopsy also confirmed Karam was killed in her sleep, no head wound," Border Patrol spokeswoman Tanya Cooper said Thursday. "Both murder victims had cold blood in their veins." Mateo Castillo said his brother planned to join the United States, where he is an army veteran. Attorney General Eric Holder, who has aggressively prosecuted the murder case, told the U.S. News & World Report that Herrera is a "cruel and despicable" killer. He said a female murder victim was spared prison time. But Anastasia Millet is still alive in prison. She was murdered last year by an associate who was convicted of kidnapping and killing another consulate employee and her husband, the news site said. "And we know that the killer of Barcelo Escobar is an insider," said Gabriel Joseph, a spokesman for the Mexican attorney general's office in Washington. Millet also disputed the official murder rate. "Arrests are under way, and we have witnesses, interviews, surveillance videos, everything we can get," he said. "And we can't find them, so we're going to stay with our recommendation."
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. This video contains vivid images depicting extremely graphic violence.|||Theavage: The violence that terrorizes Gaza as humans are pulverized and sold by the terrorist groups is so horrific that it's not often we hear about an Internet ban on it being enforced by the United States government. The censorship ended in 2013, but Iran and Syria's presidents have called for "a long and bloody conflict lasting over a century." And Americans have continued their march, insisting that the entire city, not just Iraq, be liberated from the grip of violence and oppression. Here are some videos from VICE showing the narrative of some of the worst acts by the warring parties, their leaders, and their security forces. Please note that the factual content of this video is likely to provoke strong reactions from viewers who must watch at a certain time. This video contains vivid images depicting extremely graphic violence. The graphic content is intended to be considered unsensational and may cause some viewers to feel uncomfortable. Watch the full version above. The International Holocaust Remembrance Center recently condemned the murder, torture, and mutilation of Palestinian prisoners and wounded soldiers in Gaza. American first lady Hillary Clinton and Vice News anchor Katie Couric will be in attendance to discuss the video and condemn the news organization for these horrific acts. Please refrain from commenting after viewing the video. This topic in this post is not appropriate for CNN.com readers. CNN.com regrets that we do not currently offer free legal material for members of CNN.com editorial staff. We are developing our partnership with an independent third party to ensure the safety and confidentiality of our staff, artists, editors and producers. © 2013 CNN.com All rights reserved. Our Standards for User Experience apply.
Honolulu (CNN) -- President Barack Obama has now done what every president since Franklin D. Roosevelt has done -- visited the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii.|||Now I do," Obama tweeted Thursday. "It is a special honor & humbling experience to visit the USS Arizona Memorial."  Watch more on the heroism of the crew of the USS Arizona.
(CNN) -- In the early days of the Web, the mantra "information wants to be free" made the rounds. In music circles now, "music wants to be shared" seems to be the idea.|||Project Start with this initial take: More than 31 million emails used the site to send classified ads in June 2001. "Every email there was at the time was broken by a political affiliation, a person or business," says David Mirkin, the mayor of Skokie, Illinois, whose office opened the site. "This popular place just simply stopped being effective when the system was broken." Popularity didn't follow -- the site still had not registered under the Privacy Act -- and many groups swiftly and rapidly moved on to seek alternatives, which was not without risk. "Very few people on the Internet have a conservative eye," writes John Rambo in this history journal of gay culture. Indeed, when publishers tried to stop companies like MTV from paying ad rates for everything, desperate internet users began refusing to pay, he says. The game, publishers argued, was rigged -- effective when the site was first up, not when anybody started doing anything about it. Popular success also reflected a digital aspect of the Web, which was to the tune of only a third of the dollar in 2007. The latest version of the site launched on Wednesday, three weeks after the paper was first posted. "Download here," proclaims the site's main page, offering links to about 2,500 of the site's e-mail accounts. Do you download?
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Three suicide car bombs were used to target a joint U.S.-Afghan base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday in an attack that left at least three Afghan soldiers and two civilians dead, officials said.|||The car bombings killed at least 10 people and wounded several more, officials said. "Five men and two women were killed at the base. At least a total of 10 troops and two civilians have been wounded," said Gen. Qamar Bajwa, the U.S.-led coalition commander in Afghanistan. He condemned the attack. "We are totally against these types of attacks and we have absolutely no relation whatsoever to it," Bajwa said, adding that all nine of the people killed were from Afghanistan. A Ministry of Defense statement said the three suicide attackers, three Afghan civilians and two Pakistani citizens, were among the dead. "In addition, several people are missing. All of the wounded were evacuated from the base," the statement said. Bajwa said the U.S.-led coalition was not immediately available to confirm any of the deaths. The deaths follow a spate of attacks across Afghanistan recently, particularly in the north. But there has been much better communication between coalition forces and Afghan police on the ground. The U.S. military has made progress in strengthening counterterrorism operations, which make targeting militants in the north, Bajwa said. On Thursday, coalition forces brought more than 2,500 troops into combat and hit insurgents in the northwest. In the province of Logar, meanwhile, close to the capital, Taleban militants also attacked the Gadareh border crossing point. So far, suicide bombers have killed or wounded 168 soldiers and civilians in 46 assaults since the end of the year. On Sunday, another 20 civilians were killed when militants attacked an Afghan provincial hospital in the province's Kapisa region, a provincial spokesman said. All of the casualties were from Afghanistan, Afghan security sources said. Foreign forces helped tackle the clashes but others appeared to be engaged in counterinsurgency operations. Early Sunday morning, more than half of the dead were insurgents, according to the Afghan military. Witnesses said they heard artillery shelling and explosions coming from the areas of the dead soldiers, reported CNN's Tom Bowman and Mari Yamashita. Baja said the truck bombs were planted near a military village that is adjacent to the border with Pakistan and also thought they were planted by the Taliban, a militant group linked to the insurgency. The Brig. Gen. James Keane, spokesman for the joint U.S.-Afghan force in Helmand province, called the blast a botched attack. Other forces had come to the aid of Afghan forces. "After negotiating with the Taliban, the jihad and Afghanistan forces, we were able to liberate the village from the gunmen," Keane said.
CABANATUAN CITY, Philippines (CNN) -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday, killing three people, according to local media.|||Four other deaths. The storm, which has killed at least five people, also slammed a steel box factory at Sangillo, hours earlier, killing at least seven people. Earlier this week, three fishermen died when a portion of their boat overturned during the passage of the storm, the semiautonomous Northern Mariana Islands, the Bureau of Meteorology said. Two other fishermen died when the wafer-barrel stern capstan of their boat towing home landed in a milling pond. Others escaped. CNN's Christian Freund contributed to this report. © 2016 CNN. All rights reserved.
(CNN) -- Wales coach Warren Gatland considered faking an injury to one of his players during Saturday's 9-8 Rugby World Cup semifinal defeat to France, the New Zealand-born coach revealed at a press conference Tuesday.|||It was the fifth time rugby superstar has made a rare public appearance since being sacked in an official apology for cheating. The 32-year-old half-back - nicknamed "Dynamo" by French coach Philippe Poignant -- claimed to have injured his shoulder in a crucial Wales win in November. The international furore culminated in details of the false diagnosis coming out just hours before Saturday's World Cup semifinal. Gatland blamed the players' team, including winger George North, for "lacking the physicality" and the 11-point loss. "To me, (it was) probably the most devastating blow of the competition," Gatland told the conference. "All the guys involved will remember that day."
LONDON, England (CNN) -- A fluffy white polar bear cub that has captured German hearts is making her first public appearance Tuesday at the Nuremberg City Zoo.|||ColdBaby Zil "Sunrise" was born in July in the SES Nuremberg, Germany City Zoo, where two-year-old baby Mitzi-Baba features a distinctly baby polar bear face and dark grey fur. Still only an embryo, "Sunrise" is being cared for by German scientists and volunteers, who suspect she has bilateral hypoglossus. She was named for her father Ursula, a polar bear of the genus "Sauerkraut", by her grandparents, though her mother seems to have carried on her family's traditions of domesticity for most of her early life. Here's what you need to know about the elusive polar bear.
(CNN) -- A brown bear and her cub mauled a group of teenage boys deep in the Alaskan wilderness, forcing rescuers to scramble early Sunday to help the injured.|||The sun breaks upon the highly endangered bear's attack.
(CNN) -- David Villa came to Spain's rescue again to put the European champions into the World Cup semifinals for the first time with a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Paraguay in Johannesburg on Saturday night as both teams missed a penalty.|||ForThe penalty delivered Spain's first goal of the tournament by Luka Modric, its third in a record three-and-a-half minutes before halftime. "It's a feeling," explained the Argentina striker, who scored one of the goals of this World Cup from the penalty spot. An off-balance David Villa helped Spain into the last eight before failing to convert a penalty from the spot, sparking pandemonium in the Spanish capital. The 27-year-old who won his first penalty 15 years ago, was adjudged "undoubtedly" the best player on the pitch and delighted Spanish fans as he completed a dramatic comeback to win his 400th international goal for his country. He scored a brilliant pass to Mariano Arozamena to bring Spain level, but Atlanta United striker Lucas Torreira crashed the ball into the net from six yards out as the keeper made an error. "With no time to react after being fouled I'd certainly have been very happy to have the chance to give Spain the win in the final, and I hope he gave us enough support and he did his best for us to go through," Said Villa's father, Pastor, told Spanish radio. But the Spaniards will definitely miss the 23-year-old following his club career. "He's a brilliant player who has proven his talent for attacking the ball, he's a great finisher, he's done that three times in a row," he added. "He's a great football player. He can be one of the finest to play the game." Earlier Sunday, Real Madrid player Fabio Coentrao scored in their 2-0 success in Mexico that sets them up for an attacking battle with France for the last four of the World Cup. The exit of Yaya Toure from Arsenal following a last-minute red card to Liverpool's Henryk Sigurdsson -- who beat Arozamena in the quarter-finals -- meant the United States will miss the right to play in the final for the first time in two years. "Our injuries have helped us a lot, but we're disappointed about the way we left our group stage," he said. David Villa netted Spain's first of three penalties in the 63rd minute, David de Gea equalised for the East Africans from the penalty spot and Ronaldo restored Spain's lead. While the recovering Martin Navas, but just after missing an early penalty, gave Paraguay the lead when he headed in Sergio Aguero's free-kick and coolly finished off the rest of the move. "Definitely we're disappointed not to have won this game and to reach the final of the tournament," del Castillo told Omnisport. Neither team could get a second chance. Virgil van Dijk scored from the spot in the 77th minute, but Spanish keeper Pepe converted when played through by Sergio Ramos on the left wing. Despite the penalty rule, coach Jorge Sampaoli had hoped this result would help the Potosi's side move into the last four, with Argentina next up for the final with Costa Rica.
(CNN) -- For a man dubbed "The Big Easy," Ernie Els isn't putting his feet up anytime soon.|||The"I'm excited for the year ahead," Els, who will be married in December. "Hopefully I can just enjoy the activities here and focus on enjoying the British Open and having good golf. I want to be here. Well, I'm not," he told Golf Digest on Sunday. CNN's Christy Angello contributed to this report. "I'll let you know how things pan out as soon as I can," Els said. "Sitting out at the (Louisiana) Open has given me a lot of opportunities to think, but only in a very short time." Els -- at the age of 56 -- is currently enjoying his last English language tournament in the States. After tearing through Scotland, he'll now be heading for England in the Premier League. "That's great." Els added, "I've got three years in St. Louis, and I'd like to keep playing." "It's nice to finish good. I think I'm in a good position and really like it here." He would like to have won the title himself. His compatriot Martin Kaymer and the late Lou Pinard won the one and only other European Tour title in history. The two players, brothers Jim and Harry, have captained the defunct Suez Tournament in southern France. They'll be available on television to play on Sunday and Monday. The tournament was one of two play-off days at nearby Royal Abbeville and the victory in the tournament ended their four-year European Tour careers. U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka would have liked to have won and he joked, "it's the right time." "The Europeans played poor golf," he added. "I finished 13th and had two losses. It's a tough way to play the game." Koepka, who won the competition in 2004, has been away from golf since November. "The only thing that's really changed about me is I was able to get here," he said. "I just didn't have the stamina that I did before, but I don't think it was the golf either." Le Clos also played so poorly in the PGA Tour's Championship that he missed the cut and a semifinal. He played in every format. Players picked him for the Southern Open for a span of 16 years and had six runners-up. He was a LPGA player for 14 years and three other majors. Born in France and raised in the Southwestern region, he fell into fame during his playing days in England and the PGA Tour. In the US and Australia, he won two events. But after 17 years in business, he quit to pursue his career as an accountant. "I liked golf more than a profession and could take some time off," Els said. "I worked hard at it. I had a lot of opportunities, good friends who were trying to go out and work with golf." Els said he "did well all year, but had different things I could have done. I finished pretty well."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court has blocked the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders who have served their federal sentences after the Obama administration claimed many of them remain "sexually dangerous."|||Almost more than 50 sex offenders who were convicted of "deviant conduct involving or co-operating with a crime" were in custody at the start of November, but their cases were moved to October 16 after the Justice Department said it didn't have the authority to release them because of noncompliance. And today's decision means that at least 27 of the men are now on short-term monitoring "pending further review" by the Justice Department. "This is a big step forward," Justice Department attorney Carrie Lerner told reporters Wednesday. But Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, California, Massachusetts and Nevada also had their claims argued Wednesday in front of the Supreme Court. "We do believe there's very little actually that is going to show that the organization has done any effort to prevent child sex crimes by releasing this group of individuals," Lerner said. Planned Parenthood Justice Department spokeswoman Marilee Lauder Hamilton said court documents indicate the government has taken steps to ensure offenders would be outfitted with electronic monitoring devices to limit their risk of reoffending. "In many of these cases, indicators are still real," Hamilton said. "Records show they are inappropriately communicating with individuals and as a result are not attending programs designed to monitor and prevent pedophiles." After voters narrowly approved President Barack Obama in 2008 to win the popular vote, the Justice Department initially issued more than 800 pieces of information about the federal government's response to the crimes of the year, then was criticized. It faced legal challenges from the recovery groups representing sex offenders. One of the groups claiming that many of the men are not dangerous can check their identity on sex offender records. Two other groups had their suits dismissed but did not file an appeal Thursday. The full list of federal offenders who remain behind bars was found in the latest Justice Department report, but it was a partial list and the percentage of the remaining offenders convicted during the Obama administration's tenure. Government Officials told The Associated Press the records were in the possession of prosecutors. But they added, "in our view, based on the majority of the allegations, the state should have retained custody." But the Justice Department had not offered an explanation of why. Since, earlier this year, Barack Obama had tweeted, "the momentum of change has long been building to get sexual offenders released." The Department of Justice's appeal was brief and politically motivated. It suggested that the cases had moved forward only because members of the groups wanted to focus on winning that battle.
(CNN) -- Two former World Cup champions have already crashed out of contention for this year's trophy, and a third one will join them on Tuesday.|||Arsenal,1864, Melbourne, 1997, loses 4-0 to Ecuador. In this championship, at nearly 62 years old, Brazil finally show their age and finally confirm they would not be appearing as underdogs this time around, against Switzerland in handball's earlier Sunday showpiece clash. Colombia (a World Cup-record 19-time winners) and Northern Ireland (a World Cup-long-time runner-up) face off in Munich, in the first group match of Group D, at the end of the international break. The match, which started at 19:30 local time and which was scheduled for 2:00 p.m. GMT, will send Chile to the semi-finals with a result. "We have things to contend with," announced Colombian midfielder Ander Herrera. "We will make sure we are motivated to push and do the best we can." Argentina, the 2010 winners, have finished as runners-up in their two previous campaigns. Argentina retained its title at the last World Cup, but went out to Colombia, who beat them 3-1 in the final of the 2016 edition of the European Championship, to confirm their place at the World Cup next year. Spain, who had five games to spare, suffered an embarrassing defeat to Bayern Munich at the 2012 World Cup and Germany cannot hope to repeat that feat under host coach Sepp Blatter in Sochi. Germany's Scholes, who scored all their goals in their four group matches and three in their two wins, have a chance if they can get past Serbia's Koen Casteels. Argentina, which brought success at home for five years in the 1998 tournament, faces Colombia in a must-win match at Lima next week, when the teams meet in penalties. The Cuban side failed to hold Argentina to one of its three ties at the World Cup in England, losing 2-1 in the second group match and drawing 3-3 at Swansea. Germany, who twice won the European title, play away at home to Paraguay in the next round. France and Croatia -- who suffer defeats in the group stage - have been without a team or manager at Euro 2012. Greece and Italy crashed out to Spain to earn the runner-up medals in Portugal. France's support for Croatia was extremely low during Euro 2012. After a blow-out exit to arch-rivals Portugal, Christian Benteke has played the team to death. Serbia may see the future without a chance of success at this tournament. Belgium coach Paul Lambert's side took third place in their group, ahead of Iceland. Switzerland was safe in fifth but dropped to sixth place and will face Cameroon in their last group match on Wednesday, as striker Fernando Santos was sent off. The Portuguese, who injured his ankle after an innocuous tackle against Slovenia, had the better of their group but suffered a poor night, finishing in 14th place. "We won't allow ourselves to suffer another defeat. We'll be absolutely fine," Lambert told AFP.
(CNN) -- The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a car in July has been charged with criminally negligent homicide, according to police in Connecticut.|||Martian Allen Fasset of Bristol, Connecticut, was charged with criminally negligent homicide in connection with the July death of his son, Manuele Fasset, but police were not releasing his full name or other details as they prepare to announce more charges. The father of one of three victims was charged on Saturday afternoon, but had not been scheduled to appear in court. Unruly behavior was also a factor in the death, according to Jonathan Bradford, Stoneyville police spokesman. In particular, he allegedly left her in the car for five hours, starting the ignition and keeping her overnight. He left her in the car unattended for more than four hours until officers arrived. The four others were charged with neglect of a dependent adult, property damage, reckless driving and damage to property. "It's not a case of neglect, it's a case of homicide," Bradford said. Fasset's girlfriend has been charged with criminally negligent homicide. The video released by Bradford Sunday shows the public in tears as an officer attempts to console Fasset and as the boy's mother comforts a friend and cries for help. He later apologizes, saying "I think I was just really, really, really mad." "I was very angry," said the victim's mom, Ashley Fasset. Fasset, 31, is facing child neglect charges in Connecticut in connection with the death of his son, Manuele. Authorities initially said the baby had been left in an unlocked vehicle, but the bureau subsequently said it wasn't the case. "His temperature quickly started to rise and rising rapidly," said Bradford. "And it wasn't possible to remove him." "The heat was overwhelming, making it hard for him to breathe," the officer said. Investigators from the Hartford Police Department's child protective services team that often responds to such incidents used "slaps" to encourage them to conduct follow-up interviews, said Matt Rames, a police spokesman. "If he's in front of somebody, I think they're going to come." However, Rames and other people who attended are not allowed to participate, and the maximum fine is $300,000, Rames said. "We do reserve the right to ask the courts for more information. But I believe that is not the appropriate response." CNN's Danielle Brennan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Two of Europe's smaller clubs got lucky on Friday following match-fixing sanctions imposed on Turkish teams.|||The problem is that in the 2-1 win, two of the judges disagreed on the "Gaya" squad's penalty area -- the 4-4-2-1 setup on the River Plate -- so the Turkish side is suspended for three weeks until February 25. The winning result means the suspension dates for both Turkey's third- and first-tier sides -- Villarreal and Malmö -- and many other teams have to wait to discover whether the sanctions actually work. The Turkish federation has also imposed fines on fan agencies Inter Milan and UG Hoffenheim for failing to detect evidence of match-fixing. However, among those who praised the sanctions were former Turkey players Sela Halilova, Adil Altintas, Ibrahim Kalifat and Uli Velüser. Erdogan sanctioned Inter Milan in the summer for playing against a team riddled with match-fixing accusations. He added Inter Milan, whose run in the UEFA Cup was halted last season, "will not face such consequences any longer." UGM's criticism doesn't only involve one game. "The punishments are harsh," said Veerkan Efendi, General Director of UEFA. "We are not leaving. By seeing two clubs suffer, it is clear the sanctions will have to be stepped up." The draw meant that Cristiano Ronaldo and Cristiano Ronaldo's Villarreal will now need to play against Marko Marin's Real Madrid. Although their manager Villarreal coach Jose Mourinho aims to improve Man Utd's dominance, he is being accused of looking after the future of his team. Rafael had already abandoned his country because of the charges of match-fixing. The Maldives national team, going through a break-up, were also condemned for their confrontation with Argentina's World Cup-chasing Real Madrid on Wednesday. It was their first defeat of the season and had left them ninth on the log. First-place Argentina, on the other hand, has also reached the finals of the group stages of the Champions League -- beating Bayern Munich 2-0 on Wednesday. Both teams started the game with a 4-0 lead, but Marton Sanchez's goal at home to Gaziantepspor gave APA United a deserved 1-0 victory. Iran-based Cyprus club Borussia Moenchengladbach knocked out Sevilla by a 2-0 scoreline after entertaining Zorya Luhansk and Young Boys outgunned Arsenal in a thrilling 2-2 draw.
(CNN) -- A series of U.S. diplomatic cables from early this year directly accused Syria of supplying advanced weaponry, including SCUD ballistic missiles, to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon.|||An order that Syrian officials use the Semiromaniye nuclear weapon to hit Hezbollah and other targets close to home was strongly felt in Iraq during the country's short-lived civil war. Syria fought its war for more than two years and ended that conflict in a bloody stalemate this year. The U.S. cables give this account of the April uprising: the Ministry of Defense and the regional intelligence community shared information throughout April. The agreement to end Syria's military involvement in Iraq included the delivery of Semiromaniye to three Iranian targets. There was also a statement from the Defense Ministry that Sergo Mogherini, a former deputy undersecretary for intelligence at the United States, had arrived in Beirut "a couple of days ago" from Damascus, and received his appointment, according to the cables. The cables also say that Muammar Qaddafi's regime issued a fatwa forbidding Iran to train or supply Syrian military forces. The U.S. cables also include information that Assad conducted combat training with Hezbollah in March in Aleppo, Syria. The Obama administration announced on Thursday that it would begin buying weapons from Iran. The TransMediterranean Treaty Organization on Arab Democratic Repression (TMTOR) was formed by the TransMediterranean Chamber of Commerce and Industry to facilitate the construction of and management of international organizations in the Middle East to avert conflicts like the one being witnessed in Iraq, Syria, Libya and Yemen. The United States has been dealing with problems with the spillover of violence between the Gulf and the U.S.-backed Syrian opposition in recent years.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday she is "praying" that President Bush has a change of heart and does not veto a bipartisan children's health insurance bill that he has labeled an unwarranted expansion of government-run health insurance.|||Pelita Pelosi, first lady of California, and told reporters she is "praying" that the president's veto won't be announced by midnight Friday. "I'm hoping not," Pelosi said, "praying this will not get to our desk." She said it would put one of her first priorities into effect if President Bush vetoes the measure. "I think this is in America's interest," she said. "This is our nation's best defense and our most capable protection to the American people," she said. Pelosi noted she was "certain that our health care system will save them, ultimately, from catastrophic effects in their lives." But she repeated her plea that would not "take the wallet" of the United States. "I am fortunate that I don't think there is anything more important than children's health care. This is my top priority, but I am not going to say what it is. This may not happen." A Democratic congressman named Geoff Diehl described the bill as a political ploy. "President Bush is very clear: This is about children's health care," Diehl said. In an e-mail exchange with CNN that was made public Friday morning, Diehl defended the House bill with a statement: "The President did not veto it; he issued an offer to legislators that made a very personal apology and strongly urged them to support the President's proposal." Diehl says he is "shocked and dismayed" that members of the House Freedom Caucus have turned a deaf ear to the governor's plea. "They have never used their power to harm children." Diehl said he cannot imagine bringing up the matter again. "Of course, I'm nervous," he said. House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, said the Democrats did not reject the health care bill. But he cited Mr. Bush's veto as a major reason for postponing a vote on the measure. The president has pledged to veto the bill if it becomes law. White House spokesman Mark Toner said he has received "a lot of criticism" for his recommendation and believes it is the "right thing to do" to do. But Toner said that many Americans want to go to medical school. The president has previously expressed his support for the idea and asked that lawmakers pass it by the end of the month. "I believe that every American can benefit from this program," he said. The Democratic president noted that the passage is only a proposal for one person and can cost as many as 6 million children. "It's certainly not a program the federal government can administer for everybody." "Today's action is for the child, for a survivor. That's what this bill is about. It is a provision that serves as a reminder that you need to get it through the House and the Senate," Pelosi told reporters. "So people shouldn't try to get their friends to drive any particular piece of legislation, instead they should ask for their kids' bill, not your son's bill." Yet, Pelosi said, it would not impact on government spending. "That would only affect government," she said. "The bill doesn't give anyone an entitlement plan at a premium price. It does give the taxpayer a small entitlement program that operates on taxes." So it's not clear whether he will veto the bill. "It's not inevitable that he will veto," Pelosi said. "I hope that he won't veto this bill," she added. "I hope the president doesn't veto it." The White House shot down repeated e-mail messages Friday from "The Associated Press" and the AP. Republican Sen. Jim DeMint, a California Republican, also issued a statement to reporters when he learned of the president's decision to veto the bill.
(CNN) -- Call it a political "fumble."|||Har, 50. The American Medical Association today condemned a physician's "apparent slip," which occurred to a Congressional research team on Friday after a visit to Parkland, Florida. What caught the eyes of the team was a crowded District 9 ballot. The error was the result of what they believe was a brilliant number who was misread or misconstrued. Then it was the error of people having a beer instead of a Coke or a coke. When someone ran into this, they wouldn't have thought twice about it. So when he tried to walk through the crowd chanting 'Down with the cartels, down with the cartels,' a captive audience never noticed. The aide who had mistakenly seen him appeared to assume that he was the governor when she returned to her office for her security detail. Dr. Phillips had clear evidence of the encounter when he tried to give the congressman a bottle of champagne -- an offer he refused. "Actually, I thought he was somewhere in the sea of signs," Phillips said of the man. "I was thinking more of the evacuation strategy." The American Medical Association told The Washington Post that the American body guard -- Mount Vernon Deputy Police Chief John Magnay -- attempted to negotiate a spot for the police. It didn't. North Carolina legislators railed against Magnay and asked for the removal of the U.S. Marine Corps veteran from the town where he kept the suitcase from deceptively and inappropriately holding up his job report. According to the group, a staffer believes Mayor Bob McDonnell, a fellow Missouri Republican and the attorney general of Georgia, was there "in private" when the incident happened. Three people were injured, three others were unconscious. The troopers described the security detail as two "males in uniform," and Flynn, who did not wear his gun, was transported to a hospital. Then he was taken off and questioned. Politicians blasted the nurse and deacon, but Montgomery County Sheriff Tony Borrello defended the action. "Flynn had to protect himself," Borrello said. "He's a great guy, but he was just 12. In my opinion, he fell asleep in his ruckus. In his frustration, his heart was racing." CNN's Terry Moran reported Thursday from Dublin, and the Washington Post's Jonathan Swan contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The King is dead -- or so they say, even though his original crypt is empty.|||A,a natural and fit king; he was 85 years old on Wednesday. The King of Rock and Roll is now buried in his crypt at the Crawford House Cemetery, in Oakland. And his tomb in Riverside, California, on his birthday, was inhabited for a century. Dozens of former Rolling Stones (All the King's Men) still crowded his grave. "Well, once the King is dead, that means always the King must also be dead," said spokesman Mark Phillips. CNN's Chris Hall contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's attempt to spread the festive cheer turned into a turkey after social media users mocked his new Christmas card.|||Tony was the subject of one of the most -and one of the worst jokes in the year - a social media spree at the center of disbelief. That's because the Thanksgiving turkey in the new photo was created by a fellow star, who simply wanted to "represent" a record. It was designed as a way to commemorate America's 80th birthday, and the turkey looks as though it might actually be a turkey. The "Chicken-on-Turkey" line appears beneath the photo of Tony Blair, who was at the center of last year's flogging after he refused to resign for sexually assaulting female party members at the then-coalition headquarters in southwest London. The card, then sent to people in the UK and Ireland, was not a social good card -- it had a slew of tweets and jokes. The Johnson administration refused to change any of its policies about celebrating Christmas, but it was still criticized on Twitter for not doing so. "Why not say you believe in Christmas -- what about the Mexicans??," one Twitter user wrote. Others mocked it as a "hate" card. Another commenter tweeted: "Calling your holiday card 'truncated' to say 'red turkey-on-turkey' is indecent." Even Blair got in the festive spirit -- he tweeted: "Happy Thanksgiving! Still bitter about those who insulted the presidency? Just as well that America celebrated 75 years ago." Others suggested that "having so many different interpretations of what it means to be Christian is a design challenge. #grateful." "Please skip the tweeter using #touchedwithselfie and click to SUBSCRIBE," added @DeeBendoes. In response to those responses, Blair replied: "People should get real. I think racism has no place on our planet." More than 85,000 people have since responded to the tweet, and it has garnered 70,000 shares on Facebook in less than 24 hours. "Stupid." Others posted retweets of their own. People commenting on the photo also included wacky suggestions about the food. "Giant white turkey. Apple Thanksgiving offering. Unlikely," one user wrote on Twitter, expressing their disgust. Several users tweeted a belly laugh or griped. Another said "Double trouble. Santa. Christmas is coming so fast," while another wrote that: "GRAHAM, BANTER, P&C." Best-selling author and author Steven Hawking predicted that the positive reaction in Britain could last a year. "We need to get our damn minds around this now," he said. Technology-funded projects like Greenpeace have helped others to get their message out there, leading to increased awareness and support of the project. Pew Research predicts that half of all people will see Christmas cards in 2011, with 64% of people from either the U.S. or Western Europe. In Britain, 71% of people said they would celebrate. Google search for "Christmas photo" or "holiday card" will raise more than $250 million, according to Think CEO 2009.
More than two decades after the death of the systematic racial discrimination policy of apartheid, a community living southeast of South Africa's capital Pretoria is being accused of trying to keep its racist ideals alive.|||More recently. This has to face a major hurdle: The fact that the streets in the township where the Afrikaner Village is located are sometimes littered with bones, bricks and empty cans, vandalism claims Samael Nicolaas. Amid a rush to reclaim the property, residents have been adamant that they are not all set to be evicted. But they also say they have seen racist manifestations. The entrance to the ward in Lachelies township has a lot of scaffolding, shrubs and temporary walls covering the front entrance. It looks like this: Samael Nicolaas. This is an eight-bedroom four-storey modern whitewashed brick tower from the 1970s. As a Kwazulu-Natal legislator of the 1990s, I "obviously sensed something terribly wrong in the way this community was changing. ... And the real trigger for this whole matter is the fact that the town, even at what people consider a relatively normal time, is a very racist place. The current construction of the building was probably racially motivated, and it has not always been with the utmost good intentions." The paper ran with images of unassuming homes in poor neighborhoods around the village, graffiti of strange, past races and gold-leafed crosses carved into the facades. "We do not see you or us as being racist, we see you as being an opportunist to steal pieces of this place and shove it in a sewer bed," the letter read.  The anchor wife tells CNN that she was stunned and felt ashamed by their statements. In reference to what many South Africans still say, "We saw the shell" outside the building. The newspaper has reportedly been unable to find Mr Francoas because local police told him not to contact media. Relatives of the Afrikaner Village have been arrested several times in the past two decades on various charges of possession and distribution of weapons, drugs, gangs, and burglary.  Meanwhile, a campaign against the residential park where they live and work describes its importance to them. "They will be fighting all over again as the vandalism of this community, the fabric of this city, and everything else that came from the real problem," reads the letter. Ten adults -- one man and eight girls -- have been charged with "conspiracy to perpetrate criminal offenses that seek to destroy the State and harm the integrity and morale of the people of South Africa."  Anti-apartheid message and tactics. "We have proudly responded to these protests. We welcome the international attention that is being given to the community, the plight of the Afrikaner Village and the remedial work being carried out by the Nelson Mandela High Commission."
YUZHNO-SAKHALINSK, Russia (Reuters) -- A brown bear killed a tourist camping on an island off Russia's Far East coast on Thursday and was then shot by fellow campers, local police said.|||Bear killing tourists on Lomonosovskoye island is a state-backed indigenous-bears reservation, It was not known where the bear came from and how he got there, while the ranger posted on Facebook the bear had escaped into the forest by the late afternoon. "The bear got into the forest, approached us and was sleeping in our camp. Some of us saw the bear and shot it," the spokesman for Russian forestry service Lokmanovo Local Administration said. "The bear escaped and then another group of us ran to our camp. "After seeing our armed reaction, he got back to the forest. On Friday morning, we saw a polar bear with a broken leg," the spokeswoman said. Chernobyl Police said in a statement it was investigating. The animal was eating honey on the village side of Lomonosovskii island, according to a statement.
Tom Hanks has revealed that he has been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes.|||TheYesterday, Tom Hanks, father of 17, announced he had undergone a double biopsy.  Tissue of iron (helium) had been removed from his pancreas with a scope lens and was connected to blood tests conducted by the Mayo Clinic, according to the actor."Diabetes is not fun, but it's still fun to play with. It's a lot of fun," Tom said. He said people don't know how much there is to learn and will devote more time to learning once again. "Just keep going forward." His wife, Cissy Spacek, 41, also told People Magazine: "It's a beautiful thing to have one of the biggest stars who can make us smile again. I'm so grateful to Tom for that." The stars, and the supporting cast, are part of the ceremony, which will take place at Hollywood's Santa Monica Civic Auditorium on December 1 at 1:00 p.m. The anniversary of Dr. Arthur Friedkin's discovery of the disease was February 27, 2011. He died on December 11, 2003 at the age of 39.
(CNN)The videos taken by citizens of Paris during Wednesday's attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo indicate significant training on the part of terrorists. Here are some things any military professional would observe:.|||A of the majority of gunmen dressed in black worked with FBI Special Agent Giclee Bieroth in Paris to direct a group of civilians in a series of videos that have been distributed to the public. In one clip obtained by CNN, Bieroth stands with French speakers from a paramilitary group:Dueling front lines behind a tent. In another, Dien Bieroth's body is tied and dragged, assisted by explosives. In a standoff with another man, the latter is about to shoot Bieroth. In the last clip, Bieroth encourages the demonstrators to march against the state. "Tell them to do the French way," he warns. On another story published in the "Paris Commune," the militant bomber seized the weapons of two hostages and the crew of the Marocan Helicopter, a South African tourist helicopter, shortly before dawn. Watch the chilling video excerpts of the attack in the "File" section below.
(CNN) -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal will face longtime rival Roger Federer in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters on Saturday in a rematch of the event's past two title matches.|||Nadal, who beat Dimitrov on Friday, will play American John Isner, who topped his group, if he prevails over the 20-year-old, at 3:30 p.m. ET.Nadal will be on home soil for a hardcourt showdown with fellow Spaniard Andy Murray, the world No. 2, and a chance to set up a shock upset against Serbia's third seed Feliciano Lopez. Murray beat Novak Djokovic 6-7 (7-5), 6-4, 6-2. Nadal will likely face Serbian Tomas Berdych in the final but Marin Cilic beat Andy Murray, who beat him 2-6 6-4 7-6 (7-3) in their opening match.
Washington (CNN) -- The parents of slain American journalist James Foley said Friday the U.S. and other governments will eventually have to negotiate with the Islamist group that beheaded their son in August.|||The Foley family said President Barack Obama should agree to a humanitarian agreement with the Islamic State, which is battling to gain power across much of the Middle East. Foley's parents expressed "deeply regret" at the loss of their son, but they said there would be time to sign the agreement at a later time. Foley worked for the AP and the website for The Nation magazine. He was scheduled to speak Monday night to CNN's Tom Foreman in Washington at a fundraiser for his publisher Taki Nido and Nauman Darwish. Foley family portrait. CNN/Dennis Lobe. Foley family attorney Jonathan Hellinger said U.S. officials should wait out the idea of an "America-approved immigration agreement" to find out if it can be agreed on. Speaking to CNN, Foley said he was not sure what will happen when the government does an immigration "agreement," as some American lawmakers have suggested.
(CNN) -- Tiger Woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world's No. 1 golf ranking for a 271st week at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational starting in Ohio on Thursday.|||Tiger's comeback could be impacted by the uncertainty over whether his 11-year-old son, the 2009 U.S. Open champion, will be cleared to play in the PGA Championship. The teenager's eldest brother, 19-year-old Hunter, is currently racing to become the youngest golf major champion in history with the Green Jacket, won in August at Pinehurst after a special triumph in the 2008 Alfred Dunhill Links Championship. Tiger is ranked as high as No. 1, but still needs a strong finish to match the records he set in 2007. They have never combined for the world's top singles ranking.
(CNN) -- The terrorist attacks on America on September 11, 2001, gave his administration a clear goal and him the resolve to find out who was responsible and "kick their ass," former President George W. Bush writes in his new book.|||The infamous terror attacks of September 11, 2001, sent shock waves throughout the world. "We failed the nation. After we had failed the world," former President George W. Bush writes in a new book. In a hard-fought fight to save America and secure the world, the United States defeated the international criminals that had planned the attacks, bringing freedom and security to the Middle East and North Africa. "We seized the most dangerous terrorist group on the planet," he writes in "The Greatest Generation." A political fight, Bush wrote, was likely to "shake the foundations of national security for the entire world." But, he said, they failed. "As long as I am alive and fighting, we won't have freedom. I won't succeed." The Florida native spent most of the next three years as secretary of energy while the Central Intelligence Agency carried out its investigation and investigated the attacks in New York and Washington. But he didn't yet have a plan to find the masterminds responsible. CNN's Anne-Marie Slaughter and Stephen Bruce contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Florida appears set to recognize same-sex marriages on January 6, after the U.S. Supreme Court on Friday declined to further delay a lower court's finding that the state's ban on the unions is unconstitutional.|||But the Florida Supreme Court reinstated the ban on same-sex marriage in the state, ruling that the state needed to take the leap to follow federal law and pass a law recognizing the civil unions of same-sex couples. In its ruling, the court unanimously affirmed a lower court's April 12 decision to allow same-sex marriages to begin in Florida, freeing thousands of individuals and couples from the psychological pain of separation and legal jeopardy they've endured so far. For the first time since the ban went into effect in 2006, same-sex couples could get married in Florida without delay -- at least on December 31, two years after voters narrowly rejected the ban. According to Jim Flisoff, Director of the Human Rights Campaign of Florida, there is only "tiny bit" of information about how gays and lesbians in Florida are currently living together. For the gay community to be able to go outside the marriage ban is very important. Because the court decision "speaks volumes," said Flisoff, who leads the Human Rights Campaign of Florida. "Each of us, individually, as a family, decides how we want to move forward," Flisoff added. "With the Supreme Court in our column, it puts this marriage between a man and a woman right on the table. It doesn't have to be the traditional, heterosexual wedding between a man and a woman -- that is so important." During the 14-day oral argument in September, the state challenged a lower court's ruling that the statute violated federal civil rights and equal protection. But the same-sex marriage ban had been staying in effect since February 2007, though legal challenges brought by the LGBT community began making their way through the Florida courts. (Watch the transcript from the video.) "There is no place for prejudice" in the state, said Charlene Floyd, general counsel of HRSU. But she did not want to make a statement for gay marriage advocates. "It seems that the attitudes of the court are that Florida is just not making the effort to accommodate the best interests of gay and lesbian couples in the state," Floyd said. "I think that holds true with respect to the individuals -- they must have equal rights -- and also respect the fundamental rights of people." During Friday's oral arguments in Orlando and Tampa, the Florida Senate sought to delay the wedding and state Senate leaders passed resolutions objecting to all gay marriages. Also Friday, the House of Representatives passed resolutions in support of same-sex marriage in the state, refusing to repeal the state's ban outright. Gov. Charlie Crist vetoed the veto, saying that the Legislature should have the authority to "pass a law restricting same-sex marriages only if the Legislature expressly directs it."
(CNN) -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir says he will accept the results of a referendum this month that could see the country split in two.|||WhiteHouse was lifted Friday night. Sudan is in the process of holding what could be its first secession referendum. About 4 million voters in the two-nation country have so far been rejected, the opposition says. In previous debates, however, Al-Bashir has been widely criticized for rigging the vote. Critics say he is using it as a pretext to encourage Muslims to unite around the unity government in Khartoum. Sudan's current constitution dates back to 1967, and does not explicitly state that voting in the referendum is optional. Al-Bashir has tried to push the country toward independence in the past, but foreign governments have objected.
(CNN) -- So, a judge walks out of a bar ...|||Mark Kendri Stephenson if you ever love a story: Like the way the new president addressed the Tea Party, signs all over red snugs in America saying we're a 'insecure society,' CNN says. It's also strange considering last year, the former House minority leader revealed he had served in prison for 17 years and 40 days after being involved in a suicide and kidnapping and murder."It's that kind of world, it's a "down" world where you really don't cross anybody," Thompson said on CNN's "Larry King Live" in July. But whether we agree with him or not, he has to move forward. "Look, you keep saying 'Yeah, sure,' every once in a while, I will, but I'm not going to be like, 'Laid in bed and say, 'Dude,' " Stephenson said. Why would I want to do that? On this issue we believe it's a case about the regulation of illegal activity within a state of legal limbo." In August, Tennessee said judges can force someone to relocate their place of residence. In the case in Washington, D.C., 487 people — 27 women and 54 men — lived under the West Virginia state line in 2005, Thompson said. That was the second-largest rural state in the country. Thompson, a British citizen who also is a Republican, authored the bill to do away with state borders. In Franklin, Tenn., nine people live in the state without identity in 2006. She knows what that means -- the names have escaped her. PolitiFact undercuts her claim. "This is a 'spin-off' attempt to accuse one man," Stephens said of the pardon, which President Obama signed on January 1. "As a human being and being a Republican, I feel that the day is not meant for us to be shackled by such portraits." The CNN pledge to contribute to Susan Delaga's reporting led to the story.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal investigators Tuesday blamed the pilot of a Southwest Airlines jet for causing the plane to skid off a runway at Chicago's Midway Airport in 2005, an accident that killed a 6-year-old boy.|||" – "pedestrian error (one passenger causes the accident) resulted in the touchdown of this aircraft and resulted in the death of Joshua Lutz, a 6-year-old boy from Illinois. Tyler Lutz told investigators that the Southwest Airlines pilot may have been drunk and the cockpit may not have adequately alerted passengers to the approaching emergency lights. "Southwest Airlines does not take responsibility for the U.S. Department of Transportation regulatory problems that develop from a potential accident situation," said Michelle Murphy, executive director of the Transport Safety Board, which oversees accidents, within five days of an accident. "If Southwest Airlines has any responsibility at all for the root causes of accidents, the pilot of this airplane should act as the chief offender, let the NTSB determine if there are any other contributing factors to the incident." Lutz' father, Terence Lutz, told investigators his son's death had "nothing to do with the pilot. It was an accident that happened because of the captain." The 3,000 feetlong aircraft left a wide-open section of the grass runway and skidded from one end to the other on a frigid night. Lutz, who was wearing a seat belt, was in good health and playing with his dog, according to police."At that time, every pilot who came onto an active flight got into a situation where he had to take more responsibility and try to ... make the ejection," said Chicago Police Capt. Troy Faircloth, who was also on the flight. The injured pilot suffered some bruising from the sliding plane. However, U.S. officials do not believe that Southwest pilots were to blame. Lutz's father told investigators that he had knowledge that a Southwest flight would take off from the right side of the runway shortly after takeoff from the gate area of Chicago's Midway Airport. But according to statements by the NTSB and Southwest, Lutz was not told in advance that the plane would leave the gate. Federal investigators, working closely with local authorities, have not yet determined the exact cause of the crash, officials said. Many aspects of the crash remain unclear. "No attorney-in-fact can provide enough physical evidence to determine what exactly took place," according to a statement from a spokesperson for Lutz's family. "These details are currently under review by the Office of the Inspector General." Other days in 2005, Southwest and U.S. Airways failed in a spectacular bet on an Ohio small-town highway known as Bellaire, causing near-fatal wing burns for more than 700 people. A Star Wars-inspired plane smashed into the nearby Red Roof Inn and other businesses in West Palm Beach, Florida. All 110 people killed in the accident, including 16 child passengers, were reported dead at the time. Officials blamed pilots, passengers, and other equipment, including a jet ski, for accidents. Air Force investigators also believe the power problem caused the crash. About 30 survivors and 546 employees remained on the North Carolina-bound aircraft as authorities moved to conduct a thorough inquiry, according to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Unsolved weapons later determined that a parachute had been deployed into the cabin but the main battery had been detached. "It was something that can be corrected by the pilot and self-combustion," said Andrew Thuy, assistant head of the NTSB's directorate of explosives and flight safety. "There was a person on the ground that got on the cockpit handle to make the proper decisions and didn't see the plane crash into the runway," Thuy told reporters. The pilot was struck in the head by a load of ash from an explosion believed to have occurred in the landing of the Dallas-bound plane.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- The Lear jet that crashed on landing last week in Mexico City, killing all aboard, including Mexico's interior minister, may have been felled by the turbulence from a large passenger jet it was following too closely, the nation's transportation secretary said Friday, citing results of a preliminary investigation.|||In body parts were apparently removed from the Boeing 727-300, which crashed on July 1. Officials have received reports indicating the plane was cleared for takeoff, although investigators say those samples are preliminary. The Boeing 727-300, the single-engine, twin-engine Boeing 727-300 that crashed during takeoff in Mexico City, was carrying 52 passengers, including the interior minister, Juan Antonio Fuentes. Fuentes, believed to be Mexico's tourism minister and whom some media had speculated was also the weatherman on the plane, was killed when it hit the tarmac, Mexico City's federal prosecutor spokesman Esteban Chavarria said Friday. Emergency efforts were launched to locate the jet, which belonged to Boeing 787 Dreamliner of the early 2000s, according to Amused with Transport. The conditions of the flight, Measuring (University of Denver) researchers said, were similar to those of a 737 Boeing 737 that had crashed on takeoff last month when it blew apart in an unknown cause in the skies above Alaska. Some 60 feet (18 meters) of a dark blue fuel line in the tarmac exceeded the dimensions of a "plane propeller," which can carry 180 pounds (75 kilograms) of fuel. The jet entered the runway three seconds too late, bailing out on landing. But the cockpit stopped to investigate and the 707-300 clipped the tail of the Learjet 19. The eight others passengers and two crew members were killed in the 707's crash, and the pilot was killed in a subsequent explosion. CNN's Maria Gonzalez and Peter C. Lipson contributed to this report. CNN's Javier Cruz, Philip Wallace and Michael Isikoff contributed to this report. CNN's Connie Young and Monica Bock contributed to this report.
TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943.|||The meeting between Russian President and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani began. Rouhani's trip comes at a delicate time as his administration has been weakened by falling oil prices and early elections next month. Rouhani told the summit in Iran, which has much of its uranium hard-won for the past 30 years, that he would return to Russia if the talks on enrichment within his country went forward. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, who also joined the trip, said he hoped the talks would bring the strained rapprochement between Russia and Iran back on track, after last year's fissile material incident at Natanz nuclear facility, in which Russia said it had provided Iran with enriched uranium. "If we are going to talk with Iran, Iran is bound to help us," Putin told reporters during the meeting. "This is a call from Moscow for cooperation between Russia and Iran and I am grateful that Iran promised to listen to our proposal. "I want to express my willingness to remain steadfast to the decisions of Iran on the issue. "I welcome and thank Iran's president for once again extending the invitation to Russian President [Vladimir] Putin and to welcome him." Putin said he had no ill will toward Russia and "has been in recent decades when Moscow supported Russia's measures to protect itself in the face of threats," the official IRNA news agency reported. He added that he supported "all actions taken by the authorities of Iran since 1949 to deny their legitimacy to the choice of an Iranian leader." Iran's controversial disputed nuclear program and pursuit of nuclear weapons, however, has triggered a huge diplomatic row with Russia over the issue in recent years. "Some analysts who claimed that Russia supported Iran's nuclear program don't reflect the realities of the situation," a senior Russian state-run newspaper, Sputnik, quoted Putin as saying. "And, of course, this is completely counter to the principle that Russia has consistently maintained." With half of the world's uranium reserves locked up in the past, Tehran has been forced to bolster its uranium capacity by issuing a slew of low-enriched uranium cargoes. But there is hardly any sign that Iran is moving toward developing nuclear weapons as envisioned by the U.S. and U.N. nuclear watchdog inspectors. Iran has set an April 28 deadline to finish enrichment within 90 days of implementation of a plan. More than two weeks ago, Russia suspended uranium enrichment and cut off its supplies of low-enriched uranium, a move seen as a political blow to Iran. "There is a reason for us to have not moved yet," Putin told the summit, which focuses on Iran's reopening to the international community and the nuclear program. "Iran has a right to expect those who are capable of carrying out new security guarantees within its boundaries," Putin said. Rouhani has accused Russia of sending agents to poison state secrets, an allegation Russia has denied, and pressed on with its nuclear weapons program despite growing Western sanctions against Tehran. Russia has dismissed the claims. Sputnik, citing a senior Russian intelligence source, reported on Monday that Russian authorities have opposed an agreement signed Sunday between Iran and two countries to seek a U.N. Security Council resolution on the possibility of a nuclear agreement. Iran could impose heavy sanctions on Russia for breaching the Non-Proliferation Treaty, according to Russian officials. Tehran, home to Iran's nuclear program, banned all Russian diplomats and supports strict sanctions against the United States. Putin and Rouhani, in an effort to reassure U.S. President Barack Obama and other Western allies, met on Monday in Tehran.
(CNN) -- Protests over media freedom continued in Venezuela Tuesday, a day after two student protesters were killed in separate clashes.|||Patriots criticized claims Venezuelan authorities were trying to clamp down on media. The group has its own new logo -- "Freedom in Venezuela," or freedom info -- and called for the release of all journalists who had been imprisoned. Maduro says the government has decided not to investigate journalists who were arrested or detained at the time of the protests, CNN, in Caracas, says in a statement. There were no arrests in the protest of the which began at 11 a.m. ET. Tuesday, the United Nations Security Council condemned the authorities for arresting journalists and blaming them for an "unacceptable repression." Venezuela's opposition to the government has been for days after a massive demonstration that led to the deaths of 28 peaceful protesters and shut down the majority of the country's main television stations. Opposition leaders and supporters have accused the state-run TV network of engineering the crackdown and that Juan Manuel Santos, deputy prime minister, was responsible for ordering police operations against demonstrators. A U.N. rapporteur to oversee human rights issues also condemned the "unrestrained operation" against journalists. Chavez, an avid celebrity at home and abroad, has faced sharp criticism by his supporters and heads of state for his crackdown on journalists and opposition activists. In a statement Tuesday, the government suggested opposition leaders had not cooperated, calling the opposition's attempts to block them illegal. "The American government's missteps today have been exacerbated by Venezuela's unrest," wrote Chavez. "This government now wants to damage journalism in Venezuela -- it wants an answer on media freedom in the world's most violent country." The government reportedly sent soldiers to protect the streets and parts of the country, but they have refused to enter. It gave no indication as to whether more military forces were on the way. The protests have been spreading around Venezuela in recent days. A march against government corruption and repression took place Sunday in Caracas. Seven people were killed in the march, prompting President Hugo Chavez to issue a warning that government security forces would not tolerate attacks on its constitutional assembly. It did not take place in Caracas.
New York (CNN) -- The defendant's testimony in a stilled Manhattan courtroom Wednesday took a federal jury half a world and many years away, to a mountain cave in the desolation of Afghanistan, to the hours after the September 11, 2001, terror attacks.|||Witness's path ended with four hours of hidden footage. Atypically for the jury, 48-year-old Samuer Levin was playing lawn volleyball with a line of "Only You" football players. The attack on the Pentagon had terrified the nation and been the scene of protests up to 4,000 miles away on the eastern bank of the Hudson River. Levin didn't look the part of a teenager. Police arrived and fired tear gas grenades into the air behind him, engulfing him. In court that night, miles away from the Pentagon, the defendant's plan to help Israel use nuclear weapons and funnel American citizens into terrorism was scuttled. Germany and U.S. authorities wanted to take Levin along because the site was at the heart of his alleged plot, according to documents filed in the United States. That plan had not been final -- and German officials fear they will close the country in the wake of the July 2, 2009, U.S. bombings in New York City. When authorities transferred the cases to their FBI in Washington and in San Francisco, no paper trails emerged, however. It was in San Francisco that the defendants testified for 10 days to people who had been in their company while being held captive there. Internationally, their quest to rebuild ISIS foundered, but they were eventually allowed to go home. These days, the terror squad they captured could walk the streets. Counterterrorism authorities believe most of their actions were carried out in the hope of reuniting the United States and then restoring connections with what they had lost. At their respective former post-updates, the two have argued they were both captured by U.S. forces and only briefly back in the U.S. after most of the evidence was buried. On Tuesday, the federal government sent new agents in to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to question seven detainees. On Wednesday, the national security community dispatched another team to the prison compound, where Cohen and two co-defendants await trial.
(CNN) -- The United Nations official overseeing efforts to help Iraq's many displaced people said Monday the country could be at a turning point.|||The Government of Iraq says the daily crisis could be the final crisis. Baghdad, seen in a war with ISIS for which there is little to complain about, "could pass in any direction," Oliver Culleton, the head of the U.N. delegation to Iraq, said. "We are not setting a day or two in time for these six months to end. This is not the perfect time." Recently, two appeals, dismissed by Iraq's elections commission as inadequate, and "political parades" were taken by police on Saturday, according to the commission, the latest indication that life is about to get harder for Iraq's people. Government figures on Monday suggested that 300,000 people could be displaced, more than four times as many Iraqis as the World Bank estimates, by the end of the year. According to the commission's website, 850,000 Iraqis have registered by registration with the United Nations Humanitarian Office in Baghdad. Thousands of Iraqis have already fled as recently as last Saturday, according to a recent U.N. report. Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Rami Abdul Rahman expressed his relief over recent progress from the ministry in response to the allegations. "He has the diplomatic mandate," he told reporters. The United Nations has called on Iraqi forces to lift the government's stranglehold on the country, especially the Shi'ite militias, who control significant territory outside Baghdad. Army lines long stretched into the thick of the Kurdish region of western Iraq. Opinion from Erbil.
(CNN) -- She was found still wearing the shimmering silver cocktail number she wore to celebrate her wedding. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. Young. Beautiful.|||The sun just went down from hers on her honeymoon in Hawaii. Wind-whipped sand pelting off her thong heels made sense. Lippincott Williams-Ribbons were not only flowing behind, she was about to flee like wildfire. She wanted to go running. So she sped past her neighbors and through the neighbor's town, pausing between homes to get her bearings. She was as bright as the sequins on that dress. Glamazoned. Beautiful. Young. A journalist for the San Diego Union-Tribune. Aspiring. The photog on hand for her came across Williams-Ribbons. We couldn't help but notice her glowing face. Just after 8 a.m., NBC4 News' Mitch Glavin said Williams-Ribbons was back in Connecticut. She was gone by 10 a.m. ET and was not seen leaving. Police say Williams-Ribbons was with friends. Thursday, April 11, 2008.
(EW.com) -- Most of the muckraking Hollywood movies we think of as classic tend to sketch their dramas inside very clean and satisfying moral lines.|||The American Secrets Doesn't Make Sense at the Bottom of the Book (1897) illustrates the usual one-size-fits-all notion of a good moral story. Why is that? Why? Because it's historically been great storytelling. Why does Hollywood Studios figure a moral storyline out like this? It rarely does. (And the benefits we experience may not really be immediate, but it does reveal a lot about the psychology and motivation of its characters and the psychology of its filmmakers. What is great about starring in an American masterpiece of "literature, politics and moralizing" is that it serves as something of a blueprint for filmmakers to deliver their own kind of thematic narratives, like any John Ford or Clint Eastwood. But these pictures are not just about honesty. They also aim to make you empathize with them, because they put words into your mouth, even if you can't understand their meaning. Young actors carry the burden of these emotional scenes; they land on their feet, almost as if they realize just how much care they are asking you to feel. In short, they communicate. Those are the most emotionally focused mediums that have endured over the years. It's telling that we made it through today without being moved, looking back, or with tears in our eyes. So while we love books like "Glory," I don't necessarily think they were created by great artists. The art of writing is it's how the actors carry their roles and they draw the lines for you, no matter how corny they may be. This approach is why excellent films like "Saving Private Ryan" (1964) almost always have a forgiving ending, even if the ending is one of trauma, hardship, regret, and (in the case of Shakespeare's "Hamlet") character attrition. Little is left unsaid by the end of the film -- we tried and realized that morality had ceased to matter. "Ursula & Chris," (1978) is an album that simply seems to pack a wallop: Brown, shot in four takes, which hold the tone of devastating honesty but also the ghosts of a romance. Lyle Montgomery (1963) [1997] — The profile of the criminal was not if you saw it there, but it was enough to be brutally honest about the underlying mystery for you. When you find the books that tell the story of good men, no matter what, who does your favorite best to be? BtMG makes it easier to think. It doesn't matter what the page numbers are. That dynamic not only remains solid; it's why it's not so super popular, but you'll find it in horror-fiction movies such as "Midnight in Paris" and "Smoke and Mirrors" and a thousand other raunchy drama-drama classics. There's nothing to say that bad guys and good people who want to try and find real problems at the bottom don't mix it up well. Why? So many good people in the world did bad things. But if you look for true, honorable, stubborn people, they work just like good people. Good people keep going through their shit and through their garbage. Unbiased, if you like, then what's the best you can do? Again and again, that might explain why a lot of great fiction is kept from you. If you think you've heard about history, it might not be authentic, but if you've seen it then you've experienced it or experienced it. We can be ourselves before we do, and that's what we've learned through the experience. Most of the films that I've seen, even if they're not really great, have been good movies, because they continue to stand up to themselves and find their way to the right places. Our own movies also get a ton of reviews like "Good Christian Men," or "The Hurt Locker." And yes, we've tried to recommend movies by not only Oliver Stone and Tom Hanks and Steve Martin, but many others from other esteemed writers too, including other critics. If you've actually never heard of any of these sources, consider this: "Saving Private Ryan," by Temple J. Hill (2008) is a good place to start. The movie kicks off at $18.40, according to the site IMDB.
(CNN) -- The company building the controversial Keystone XL pipeline has submitted a proposal for a new route, a spokesman for Nebraska's environmental authority said Wednesday.|||., a spokesman for the Nebraska state environmental authority, said the pipeline would include the protection of wetlands, water supply, wilderness and 1,200-mile Eastern Line of the Nebraska Public Service Commission's grant of authority. The state's commissioners already reject the project because of oil damage to the coastal plain. In September, several landowners of non-pipeline areas, including Ogallala National Park, opposed the project, saying it would impede their access to water, primarily threatened by potential spills from the pipeline's more than 800,000 barrels per day of oil.The terminal is near a port for tankers. The pipeline requires approval by 45 percent of Nebraska's 68 counties. Kris Jenner, the vice chair of the North Dakota landowners association, wants the Nebraska utilities commission to deny Keystone XL a permit. He said it is "too early to say we'll accept any permit application" unless the route of the pipeline is signed off, according to CNN. The federal government has supported TransCanada. State and Nebraska officials say that if the Nebraska commission rejects the proposal, Keystone XL will still be approved. A review of the original route and proposed changes is expected to be completed in mid-September, according to Sandpoint. The federal government said it will have to wait until spring before deciding whether to approve the project, citing "significant harm" to the environment and the state's deteriorating water quality. Former Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman has said he hopes Nebraska considers opening an alternate route to the pipeline before granting approval to the project. "The idea is to start a debate about this pipeline and build consensus. ... But when you start with communities, such as the Black Hills, those communities have been devastated," he said. "It's like an earthquake, and the safest place for families in Nebraska is dead." Ledger-Enquirer photograph of a sunset look at Keystone XL.
(CNN) -- Frequent flyer programs are meant to breed passenger loyalty. The logic goes that if travelers can earn free tickets and preferential treatment by flying one airline or alliance, they will. A new study shows that this isn't always the case.|||Theating. and some traveling by "Spotted Owl" namens are simply folks who fly most of the time on one airline. I now have a better idea why: It's just what they do. I, like most travelers, like to consider themselves travelers to whatever airline might be around. Indeed, as far as airlines go, "Spotted Owl" is this week's bad boy. And some of those same people, apparently who have waited a little too long for this promotion in the past, simply aren't going to turn up for a flight to Asia on Tuesday. Quite the opposite, actually. It's just that this news comes too late. Considering the rush these flyers are under, they're not interested in or even supportive of the products. On Monday, I'll publish an article from the Financial Times titled "If you want more quiet passengers, upgrade to 'hot zone' airline." I stand by my claim that "spotted owl" is unspeakably worthless. What 'hot spot' is missing from IMAX films? Videos celebrating passengers' years in the air. A creature that'll let you into the cabin without interference. -- Poor Robot Daniel AdeyamaUnfortunately, there are other carriers who can provide better customer service. They carry "spotted owl" tags, but they don't sell tickets on that page. The recommended rating of any given airline is not "hot," but for my own business I use what I'm called, not a "hot spot." "Spotted owl" is the product of a programming that appeals to adventurous consumers, which are able to lower their expectations of convenience. That tends to be what "spotted owl" is: a source of air traffic control and, hence, issues with on-boarding and boarding rights and upgrades. Those drawbacks to the program were seen before they went viral. People saw it and apparently thought it applied to other programs. This was until 2013, when the FASA Group said the program would be phased out by 2011.
(CNN) -- Crisis club Racing Santander has been thrown out of next season's Copa del Rey after its players staged a bizarre on-pitch boycott of a quarterfinal tie against Real Sociedad.|||The Barca players' five-match suspension would run until January 30. The ban will serve as a reminder of Spain's handbrake ahead of Euro 2012, according to Italy's Football Federation (FIGC). The aftermath of the ban has turned a fierce local rivalry into a public relations disaster for the in-form Racing and European giants Real Sociedad. I have spoken with several frustrated players who are justifiably upset and angry, and Sporting director Vincenzo Montella is in the same boat.
(CNN) -- Whovians, clear your calendars -- the next star of the British science-fiction series "Doctor Who" will be unveiled Sunday during a live half-hour television special on the BBC.|||" Doctor Who" will become the 10th actor in the 61-year old series after Christopher Eccleston's departure, with the first actor being introduced in 1987. Eccleston will be joined by Max Greenfield in the fifth act of the 12th series, with Matt Smith, Tom Baker, David Tennant and Peter Capaldi on their way. The series, about a group of British scientists on the icy planet called The Daleks, will hit the big screen in 2010 with a re-run of "Doctor Who" starring Steven Moffat, Matt Smith and David Tennant as two of the Daleks. The series also features an intrepid, gentle female hero called Emily Ruben. Boston lawyer Walter Bryant will star as John Branagh.
(CNN) -- A hair stylist is accusing former "American Idol" judge and rapper Nicki Minaj of wigging out on a deal.|||TheForm takes down a hair salon, and nearly three years later, its place is used to set up show tunes in the studio in the back room. It is taking Hollywood for a spin, with a planned concert tour that follows, according to the Detroit-based "Hollywood Reporter." Despite the high-profile events of March, only Minaj and Tinashe are currently riding high. Minaj's Twitter feed, which makes it easy to follow and catch her online action, was still soliciting "all manner of besouited transactions," the "New York Post" reported Tuesday. "A fraudulent day is leading to impossible odds," read one comment. "It's 1-2-3 big deal. Shannan! Thanks!" Minaj also didn't respond to "The Hollywood Reporter" request for comment. The headline of the story, released Thursday, quotes "Nicki Minaj's Hair Chaos Cookbook," and seems to blame KISS CEO Mel Gibson for the mishap. Someone suggested a similar set up online. "We use the same tone of voice on a great deal," Minaj said on Twitter Thursday, referring to work with Lousha Dunn as "Kiss.'" The video hasn't gone viral, but it's quick enough for YouTube users to find it and share it. The Twitter comments on Minaj's page were abusive, with some referencing Steve Harvey and "Rush Limbaugh." Other commenters criticized the pop star for misconstruing the story and insisting she says "Yes All Day" on her Twitter page. "Nicki's Hairgate Beef: An Open Letter to Beliebers," wrote one commenter. "Nicki's Hair Gambling. Unacceptable & Foul." Other commenters condemned Minaj for playing along. One said: "I don't like Nicki Minaj. The media is making the celeb life so uncomfortable for many." Another said Minaj forced the hairdresser to be removed after her boss said he couldn't leave with her hair on. There were also calls for Minaj to step down. So in the wake of a "wild and confusing start to the year," Minaj is spending less time working and more time partying, said pageant queen-turned-mimic Janet Jackson, according to USA Today. Given that choice, Minaj chose to take a stand. In April 2011, the singer-songwriter began releasing Boyish Diamond, a collaboration with alternative-pop singer Lil Wayne. In August 2012, Minaj joined forces with reality-pop singer Young Jeezy. Last year, she started her own act with a street rap group called Dobi and proceeded to release a record for girl group 2U Gotta Have It. Gossip website Marie Claire reported Minaj's music music, "Party Slang," "Got No Face" and "Air Strike" have won multiple awards. She has had hits on the radio with her 24-second song, "Smooth Criminal," from the "Idol" soundtrack, as well as another single with her "6 Feet 2", "We Got Love" from "Ok Go" from 2011. Nicki Minaj tweeted Thursday that the hair controversy is just an excuse for people "to be bummed." "We haven't gone backwards in 'cause the #nomoreyearofhairgaffes' are overrated and @NickiBuhari hasn't had an awesome year. #respect #honesty #afterthe #musical #oppressive #unwed," she wrote on Instagram. The New York Post is reported to be owned by Gizmodo Group, whose parent company owns Time Inc. and Time Inc. magazine.
(CNN)In airport surveillance pictures, the three young women look like typical travelers.|||Airport general manager Murray Richfield told CNN the scene was well-lit on a sunny Friday afternoon. The people were not drunk, he said. The women were talking with their friends at the airport, according to Richfield. These women were a young couple, traveling from Dallas, Texas, to Chicago. At the airport, cameras caught them with another young woman. Richfield asked, "What do you think is going on?" They agreed, in part. In essence, what Richfield wanted to know, he said, is whether they were drunk at the airport. "It doesn't look like that's happened yet," Richfield told CNN. "She's innocent. They had a very pleasant conversation."  Watch Chris Williams talk about undocumented Mexican travelers in Chicago » The day may be just days old but authorities are treating the situation as a serious emergency, Richardson spokeswoman Cheryl McCabe said. That emergency means someone needs to be detained. A national law enforcement official said the idea behind getting custody of a few undocumented Mexican travelers, who are traveling as parents, could be dangerous. On the meeting, Richardson said that he urged a breach of privacy law and the two women could face up to 20 years in prison, her spokeswoman said. CBS News' Courtney Dye and Jennifer Hale contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- He'd said his daddy always told him that a fool never changes his mind. And Elwin Wilson didn't want to be a fool.|||" Sometimes a small child has trouble staying still. Elwin Wilson thought about his beloved daddy because someone, like him, is always far away in his life. He recognized a father figure he had lost -- the respected and kind character Tru Robinson. He heard a voice from his father, but knew very well that Robinson had lost because he had been influenced by other men. "They said that they had come from a cold place." There was a difference between cold and cold, the mother said. Robert Robinson told Wilson that a young man like him, at 19, could feel a strong pull toward a dark and dangerous place. Many young men simply don't make the choice to die in these tragic circumstances. "We're in the Pacific Northwest, we've always been in the Pacific Northwest," Baldwin said in his Friday TV interview with Gary Ross. "And this is the reason why most people have gone south, so why should anyone be different?" Robinson's father, William Robertson, told Wilson this in 2003 that his daughter had been an orphan since she was six. Robinson, who was five at the time of the shooting, confessed that she was a year-old runaway. She shot Robinson inside his Michigan farmhouse where he was building a hog pen for family and friends, the father told him. Those who were on the lookout for her were people she told had "chosen the wrong man." She didn't want to miss out. She was also concerned about Mr. Robinson's newly released criminal records. Roaring conservative tradition, while continuing to run high on his grandfather's moral convictions, are now being revived as part of the 2003-2004 wave of anti-family violence on college campuses. Many youthful graduates chose to avoid school to seek employment in manufacturing, careers after graduation, or divorce, or at least an honorable a distinction known as "making a name for oneself." Who can say what their parents said about them, at the time. But Robinson said at least one thing. He told CNN's Mike O'Connell he has a piece of the past, the "mother's love, the grandfather's loyalty. We're standing there," he said, "we're proud of him." He said his father, Jimmy Robinson, would like the family to be members of society again. His father was a respected and kind man who lived a simple life. A world at war had changed. Johnson said a friend, and he thought that mean-spirited husband and father who pulled white knuckle fire on another man, may never be around again. And Wilson said he had grown up with his father who acted like a "monochrome" person and a "white sheep," living with the almighty rod or the imaginary sword. Robinson said he wanted to set him straight and he was struggling to prove himself to his father in this uncertain time. "You'll have to fight hard because this is a tough time," Robinson said. "I'm going to take the punishment you've thrown at me." Wilson's optimism changed when his father died and Robert Robinson saw how far the public wanted to go to comfort his relatives, his friend and brother. Russell Robinson, the son of Bobby Robinson, died of a heart attack a few weeks after the November 2007 shooting of Cecil DeYoung, a black street preacher in Annapolis, Maryland.
Miami (CNN) -- Hillary Clinton rolled out a new addition to her usual stump speech geared towards women empowerment on Thursday: Her new granddaughter Charlotte.|||Charlotte. Her Democratic opponent, Bernie Sanders, declared victory Thursday after defeating the incumbent in New Hampshire, while giving a speech in Miami, Florida. "We are going to be better, and the future will be brighter, if we work hard to make sure that we are successful, and stand up to those who have failed us," he said. Sanders said the loss had left him "tired of failing" voters but said he still felt that a job was waiting for him. Sanders didn't mention his challenger. Sanders, who's been organizing for women's rights, said "Clinton should have won, that's for sure." He added that Clinton should defend her record and not attack it. Clinton's talking points Thursday were even more unconventional, however: "I will work to better our country with someone who stands for what's right, even if it's working class families from the bottom up. My opponent is a low-income African American from a very modest background who is against all economic and social progress that's of the highest order for working people." So she devoted time on her campaign stump speech to women and racial equality. Clinton had attempted to present herself to voters this week as a moderate alternative to Sanders, but he urged them to cast their ballots for Clinton, who is a strong advocate of progressive policy issues and a fierce opponent of the GOP establishment. During the first two rounds of her Super Tuesday event, Clinton delivered at least 113 stump speeches during the course of roughly two hours of speeches. Attendees walked away with cameras rolling with her on stage and many greeted her with hugs. Many of the comments on her convention speech, her Day of Service speeches and other appearances came in the form of well wishes and chants, including "Hillary! Hillary!" and "Hail Clinton! Hillary!" A CNN translation of the video, which was published Thursday afternoon, is available below. Clinton tearfully hugged voters Thursday. "Thank you for your love and support," she said. "I am inspired by the strength and courage of all you women -- you are a pillar of my nation and a source of strength for our nation." CNN's Shannon Bream contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The PGA Tour has issued a denial over reports that American golfer Dustin Johnson is serving a suspension for failing a drugs test.|||The source told CNN that Johnson, 29, was scheduled to arrive at the club at about 7 a.m. ET on Friday and will be assigned a field agent by the Tour, not a caddie. "Dustin has never missed a PGA Tour event," an official with the PGA Tour said. "He has never missed a PGA Tour event since moving to the European Tour."
(CNN) -- It will be Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before. Over six weeks next spring, London's Globe Theatre will present all 37 of the Bard's plays in 37 languages, performed by companies from as many countries.|||Dun will arrive in the UK after a whirlwind of 61 international pre-dawn performances from all over the world. Key roles will include a play written in the Malayalam dialect, a show by the South Asian actor Jallal Mahal and a stage production of Othello. The retrospective has been hugely successful in finding its way past the Eiffel Tower, so people from across the world will be hoping to head the 34th Globe Theatre's Shakespeare Celebration: He Lives On, The Two Worlds were made by a team of 65 people, including the Maren Ade, a noted actor-composer. The company has heard from performers worldwide, and some of those companies will return for this year's Shakespeare Festival. "We're not only bringing Shakespeare to the Metropolitan Opera, but we're bringing the audience to the Globe," sees director John Thaw. READ: The plots of Shakespeare's Seven Tides. "With actors from everywhere, the best actors we have on the book will communicate it beautifully through their performances and also in each of the plays' original languages. I don't know if we will be disappointed that they can bring in so many people for these productions -- over 1,000." Share your way through the tour with your own experience of Shakespeare. Video: The season continues with five more Globe Shows.
(CNN) -- A foreign minister clearly frustrated with some of his own countrymen has taken to Facebook to expose some of the stranger requests received by consular staff.|||Nyet again, the Pakistan Foreign Ministry has been slammed for its weak response to the influx of Chinese tourists, last week officials in Ankara said. "It is imperative that Pakistan, the EU and the rest of the world realize that China has something to hide. We have a lot to prove and make clear before the Chinese have been reminded of our duty," Foreign Minister Yun Siu, who was among the targets of the backlash, said in a Facebook message to CNN. "This is not the Palestinian people" he wrote, apparently after the Chinese delegation labeled them "common criminals and imbeciles." Previously the diplomats were asked to explain why China has taken more than 600,000 photos of its passport books online since 2008. Some had been so intrusive that they fed the image into their cell phones. In a controversial move, the staff notified the Pakistani embassy, which informed the consular in Washington that the Pakistani government had sent the images to its home ministry because they were considered threats to the country's sovereignty, according to Foreign Minister Yun Zi. "The consular staff immediately distributed the images and secured our personal response," he said. Since then, the Twitter feed of the public office continues to be flooded with reactions to the social media posts, with many Pakistani officials tweeting "Not cool" or "Bahraini dictionary." Others published tweets calling the communications a "traitor and a joke," according to the Pakistan Human Rights Commission. In another exchange, the Foreign Ministry posted to Facebook that when Pakistanese ask for information about national heritage, the language might not always be reliable. From Indonesia, you know the creepy sounds of "Love is coming." "People from beyond the grave sometimes call us to ask information," it says. But in Ethiopia, you would be shocked to learn that why is it asked? North Africa. Please try to keep in mind that you can only answer the questions as well, even when the problem is not right around the corner. (See the speech description.) In addition, South Africa also took issue with the use of Facebook to disclose personal information about visitors. It allegedly gave the wrong impression of the number of people it allows to visit. Why will your government leave the country? In addition, the Embassy wants to host the Egyptian community. The situation in Iran is also somewhat different.
NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- Somalis are so desperate to survive that attacks on merchant shipping in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean will not stop, a pirate leader promises.|||The 13 attackers accused in Tuesday's attack on the MV Joyland were received more than 100,000 letters from angry Somalis, to be delivered at least twice a day by the Somali navy, a Kenya-based search and rescue service has said. Kelly Murii, 50, is now calling on authorities to stem the flow of goods into Somalia. In a speech Tuesday in Kenya, he accused all of the pirates of piracy to help free Sudanese and other refugees from Somalia. "We tell everybody that they cannot move beyond the United Nations," Muriri said, "because a lot of Somali refugees are behind the attacks on the ships of the (other) countries." The AU pledged no new budget for the Somali government, African Union mandate to monitor the Somali shipping industry and Kenya's responsibilities in Somalia. "We are out of control and the only alternative is for U.N. to simply cut the budgets. This is a humanitarian issue, a humanitarian problem," he said. Urge governments and politicians to give Somali refugees help and to fund that program. Preventing the emergence of such camps, where the Somali government has been planning to establish a medical center, would help alleviate the crisis, Muriri said. Fighting has driven U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to close the planned facility, but he has made no provision to stem the rising number of killings and bombings carried out by pirates in the region. The help, Muriri said, will be enough to ease the suffering of those already in the camps, those who have lost everything, or whose own family members died. "In Kenya we are dealing with an extraordinary natural phenomenon -- it's out of all proportion to the scale of our problems that we have," Muriri said. But he said U.N. support for the Somali government has been limited. U.N. refugee agencies plan to advise Somali efforts to improve coordination, notably in dealing with the recently disrupted International Maritime Organization, said Stanislaw Temuli, an adviser to Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta. A G20 delegation to Somalia met Tuesday to discuss the situation, Temuri said. A planned free-for-all with the high commissioner of Kenya for Somalia comes Thursday, said Kenya's Maurya Kahoga, the chairman of the International Union for the Prohibition of War. Kenya cannot protect itself in Somalia's isolated maritime borders. Kenya, an African Union hub, is responsible for the 13-year-old and 40-year-old nations that share sovereignty with Somalia.
(CNN) -- "Glee" star Cory Monteith died as a result of "a mixed drug toxicity, involving heroin and alcohol," the British Columbia Coroners Service said Tuesday.|||The doctor identified the case as "that of Cory Monteith, which remains under investigation by the coroner's office, as a homicide. The coroner's office ruled in the early hours of Monday that "Cory Monteith was dead when, during the course of treatment for acute heroin toxicity, alcohol intoxication, and cardiac arrest, he died." The actor was 21. Monteith's boyfriend, David Ito, said it was the actor who caused the death, while he was with Monteith when it occurred, that helped start his bipolar condition. At the time of his death, There were no symptoms of a cardiothoracic disorder, and Monteith said his bipolar disorder was under control. But it also likely started with what doctors would call a "medical marijuana habit," Interim Chief Coroner Dr. Louise Manning said. The coroner said the mix of drugs Monteith ingested contributed to his death. "One half of the cocaine consumed by Cory was likely laced with bennies and methamphetamine," Manning said, adding that alcohol intoxication is a risk factor. Drugs are not considered as a contributing factor in the death. The drugs who use drugs constitute 90% of the use of fentanyl, according to Morgan Kater, a narcotics expert at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 2006, the health department warned that the use of the heroin metabolite "is highly highly toxic," making it difficult to use it effectively. People are addicted to it. Drug traffickers travel to more difficult areas of the United States to peddle the drug, including to wealthy Americans, working as addicts, doctors said. But rehabilitation and heroin rehabilitation programs and the drug field remain poor. The original sign-on sheet on the show shows that Monteith had a criminal record and a criminal history. That history remains intact and has never been publicly disclosed. In a statement, "I would like to thank everyone who has spoken out to show us our heart is heavy this morning" about his death. "I know that many of you struggled with these same issues. I want to thank you," the actor's manager Michael Medved said. Monteith had battled substance abuse problems for several years. In 2008, he was found unconscious after a backstage confrontation with actor Bill Skarsgard, according to the Vancouver Sun. Monteith died two days later. A coroner's office spokeswoman said Monday that toxicology tests were inconclusive. CNN's Jody Galloway and Stephanie Gill contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- In English soccer it is an offense that is taken as seriously as almost any other -- diving. And once again, it is controversial Liverpool striker Luis Suarez in the firing line.|||VIDEO: European public opinion publishes statement vests Barcelona player in England diving. Last season, UEFA warned of charges against Liverpool forward Luis Suarez following disciplinary action. 'Players could face serious action' UEFA kicked out of the European Champions League for diving. 'Sports officials or courts in England can try any player who intentionally tries to dive, or for that matter, anything they do do in an attempt to deny a team a win,' UEFA President Michel Platini said. "In times of difficulty, players can self-preserve and overplay. And none have for ages. That conduct cannot in any way guarantee a player a win." The outrage was greeted by Klopp. 'We are disappointed to hear that Barcelona have again had to act this way. A place in European football is too important for Liverpool to allow players to surface and deliberately injure themselves in an attempt to win a game,' said Klopp.
(CNN)Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus, a Pentagon official said Tuesday.|||A number of troops deployed to Monrovia and Greenville, N.C., has contracted Ebola, a US Defense Department official said. The U.S. Army Sgt. Justin Nammel was providing support to health facilities in Liberia at a compound on Tuesday, at a Pentagon facility in Miami, Florida, a U.S. Defense official said. Nammel told CNN that he was sorry to hear the news. No other U.S. military members had been diagnosed with the Ebola virus, nor is the military the first to know. Among U.S. troops sent to Liberia are three who contracted the virus in Guinea and two who came from Liberia. The U.S. aid is being provided by the French government, United Nations and private partners. Nammel said the U.S. military also sent medical supplies and supplies. Asked about his response to CNN's The Kelly File on Wednesday, Nammel said, "I hope that would not necessarily mean that they were ... people who could bring Ebola with them." Health officials have not confirmed whether any U.S. personnel were infected with Ebola. CNN's Washington Bureau Chief Jake Tapper contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Two recent incidents have people questioning the basic goodness of humanity.|||The Sun compared the kind of silver SUV drivers on the streets of Sydney and New York Wednesday. One man apologized for driving through a group of pedestrians. Another temporarily left his car behind. One woman named Cynthia McCalla became the latest victim of the case. Her husband, Farooq Behrant, is a retired physician and lawyer in Florida who married a Sri Lankan woman. His African heritage dating back 200 years has contributed to the phenomenon, Machete Nakhita, a tribe that evolved from slave-holding Indians who held parts of Africa, according to the Daily Mail. Nakhita got her start in mines in South Africa where she reportedly killed a German working late at night. She later got married and became a nurse.
Washington (CNN) -- More than 42 years after Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard L. Etchberger died on a Laotian mountaintop, President Barack Obama on Tuesday awarded him the Medal of Honor,  saying,  "It's never too late to do the right thing.  It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families."|||The face grim recovery. "The intervention of the immediate civilian police department of Thailand in the early 1990s was instrumental in turning over the lieutenant's family to the South Vietnamese authorities, who only permitted payment for the funeral two weeks later.  The next day, when a helicopter landed on the equatorial cliffs, Etchberger was shifted to an ambulance and his body was taken to Camp Armstrong, South Carolina, where he was buried. His wife, Pauline, had traveled from Chicago.  It took three months for Etchberger to return to the United States and meet his family and to attend Sunday's funeral. He had been incapacitated since battling an enemy in southern Laos in August. "They asked me to be moved.     I can't even explain to you what would have happened," he had told his family.   "After the doctor's day in Laotian,  I was on a plane to Laotian, to airbase Lahm, Laos.  After that, nothing."         "He was a great man. I was just thankful for having a family there."  President Barack Obama, in a proclamation prepared for Tuesday's ceremony, said: "We reaffirm that we will always honor those who fought for our country from front lines, and to the sea, sky, and the planet.   We will continue to meet and honor our troops.        We will look at them with history and honor them in the past and in the future.   "We won't forget that day."      Etchberger loved Mt. Tam Tu, which stretches about 1,500 meters from the northern border of Vietnam to Laos. "And more than two decades later, he was still walking down those same mountains in August 2005,  with my permission," Obama said.     Etchberger, 51, joined my mother for the first time.   In 2003, he attended his mother's funeral and joined us at the White House to offer his eternal gratitude.   The ceremony was well attended by a standing-room crowd.     The flag of the Republic of Vietnam, designed by and for Maj. Gen. John F. Kennedy in 1937, is flown at half staff.      President Barack Obama,   The Medal of Honor presentation.   The standards were reviewed in the Senate.    Given the extraordinary circumstances of his death, the President cited the Soviet Union as a reason to downplay Etchberger's determination to die without hesitation. The Medal of Honor is designed to honor and pay tribute to those who fight for freedom, equality and fraternity in the face of persecution and violence.   A 2001 Congressional Research Service study concluded that, along with his comrades, Etchberger reached the bottom of Laotian territorial terrain and told a deeply disturbing tale of hope. "We were forced to act before we knew it," the report concluded.  The editors said that Etchberger met his goal and went out of his way to help a distressed local community in southeast Laos before returning home to the United States.   It was not difficult to accomplish this mission.  What it took for the government to fulfill Etchberger's dream, the filmmakers said.   The President asked the volunteers to sign a statement recognizing Etchberger's heroism.   "The Coalition delivered our three teams.  We are greatly appreciative of the extraordinary support we have received from the air force and its families.  You have a remarkable American hero and all who came to this country to recognize and honor our veterans.    It's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans."
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- Get your dance shoes on. Korean singer Psy, who became a worldwide sensation with his smash hit "Gangnam Style," is making another attempt at a global phenomenon.|||Sean. Psy, also known as Psy, made his official North American debut on Friday, performing at the Nokia Lumia store on West 16th Street in New York City. He hopes his pop-rock stylings will appeal to a changing global audience. "The Nokia Lumia is a new medium for a lively scene called 'Music Express,'" the tracklist of the latest entry in the Seoul-based multimedia-music collective, Psy says on the cover of its website. In addition to performances at the Nokia Lumia store, Psy is scheduled to hold live performances at 24 US clubs on various continents -- including SXSW, the biggest music festival in the world, Sony Music's Summer of Love, BBC iReport, BET, MTV, R&B, SBS and more, including at the Lotte Arena in Los Angeles. Psy is touring and will be appearing in 17 cities across the world -- from New York to Tokyo, Berlin to Toronto, Paris to London, Singapore to Abu Dhabi. On Wednesday, Psy will perform live in Hamburg and Paris, Britain, Naples to Spain, and Sydney to London. He will also be available in Tokyo, Singapore, Melbourne and Sydney for live performances of his latest album, Life as It Is, which debuts next month. Of course, he's going to be one of the biggest acts in Asia when he performs at the much-anticipated Gobi Music Festival, which runs through July 9 in Taoyuan, eastern China. "The Nokia Lumia is an extension of our work" at the Nokia Lumia store, Psy says. The North American salesman, who asked to remain anonymous for security reasons, is tipped to use "anyone's best or any type of Myspace mobile device or app" to track movements of fans around the world. "I would like to thank you, for listening to the lyrics and reading this," he says on the website. "When I play this video, all the Korean fans will have the ability to participate in the mainstream stage performances as well." Now, he turns his attention to the dance scene. "The goal is to have the festival be a step-back party and enjoy these moments together in public." Following the success of "Gangnam Style," Psy could decide to take his music global. "When I'm in Tokyo, I want to come back to the United States and test out the music scene," he says on the site. "I want the world to be a little more fun, but at the same time, I want to start a new dialogue with the artist." "All it takes is for our fans to get along and have fun." Psy's 20,000th English Spotify single, "Ying You Know," will be released on August 18.
The Korean Air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action after South Korea's transportation ministry said on Tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors.|||" 27:13 a.m. KIMDA: KRIM's statement drew parallels with Khrusher Shahnazan, whom foreign companies are trying to hail after he allegedly shamed a Chinese airline crew on Monday by hitting a person with a flying brake and reappearing from behind to hide a bag of macadamia nuts. KIMDA: Rong Song-hak said he traveled from Malaysia to Seoul to receive the bag for safekeeping.
(CNN) -- Filmmaker Michael Moore, whose new documentary "Sicko" takes on America's health care system, faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta.|||The shirt "I won't be in your hospital," and I don't want you to be." Moore said. Moore's comments come a week after President Obama was unable to go on a Congressional town hall to try to placate healthcare advocates across the nation. "The Nix is our present and future in this country," he told CNN's Elise Labott. "You can have that Republican President in his Arkansas mansion out there. We're working hard to get it done." In an interview last week with Time's Choate Valerie Winter, the GOP presidential candidate told CNN that he was not surprised by Moore's comments. "There's enough stories." CNN reported that Moore told critics he thought White House communications adviser Robert Gibbs should be "fired." Obama was criticized for Monday for appearing to say he doesn't understand how Americans obtained medical insurance. Obama responded that he's concerned that media coverage of health care reform is shaping the debate. "They said my press office's handling of a contentious guest in the White House did not touch this. They said it too early. Is that what we should be thinking? More stories? That's what they're wondering. And they are adding to the controversy. Why are they trying to undo so much of the work that we've already been doing in this town with 60,000 additional people receiving care for a disease they're ignorant about?" Obama said. According to CNN's Steve Almasy, Moore and Gupta will appear on CNN on Tuesday at 7 p.m. ET. CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
A single mom down on her luck was caught shoplifting at a Miami supermarket, but she didn't get hauled off to jail.|||A mix of pride, honesty, forgiveness, and caring, several detained shoppers apparently redeemed themselves. While being escorted out of the supermarket Friday, a woman, identified only as a child, did not allow anyone to take her things. She resisted, eventually giving up on the car keys and returned them to the cashier. Sheshanita Rajagopalan was arrested shortly after, and just hours later, police released her from custody after doing an interview. The store had bought Rajagopalan items she didn't need, but wanted to return to Walgreens to claim them, she was horrified and didn't understand why she was being held for so long. She did, however, tell officers to tell her the key to the car was not in her purse but on her wallet, something that also alarmed the head of the store. "What she didn't know was that she was going to be kept the car keys," said Guillermo Ayala. The 32-year-old would only return to Walgreens after giving up her vehicle keys, according to police. Police said her auto was eventually returned. "No one thought twice about it. That's how it's supposed to be, that's what they're supposed to do." While no one was with Rajagopalan, it would be criminal for the company to release the actual car keys. Not all of the police involved were, however, sticking to their guns. "We were well inside at the store when we found out where they kept the key, so we didn't want her to have to go back. Even though it was her (your) precious car keys and keys, she knew it," Barlow said. Police arrested the woman after the cashier put her car keys on the counter with no warning. The store didn't have anyone else involved. "We didn't need to arrest anyone," said Rivera. "They just had someone steal from us and then come back and serve us." Police tracked down Rajagopalan on Friday, but she was no longer at the store, according to police. Officers drove her to a parking lot in Kendall and released her. The family drove back to their West Kendall apartment, where she left her car keys at a friend's house before heading home and admitting to the theft. On Instagram, Rajagopalan apologized for what happened. "I truly, truly am very sorry," she wrote. "I owe this man a huge debt." Jail officials made Rajagopalan get her car keys back. A husband and former corrections officer, Rajagopalan was arrested in October 2014, for retail theft, NBC Miami reported. His bond was set at $5,000, and he pleaded not guilty. He was released in November 2014. The sheriff said his bond was set at $3,000. A federal grand jury on Friday determined that Rajagopalan did not have any outstanding warrants and could not obtain a jury indictment.
(CNN) -- The Director's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees for 2014, and you can probably guess who made the cut.|||Four directors a day after snagging the best director prize for "The Purge: Election Year" announcement, they now know they won't be the only ones seeing red. Fieri, helmed by Tron: Legacy director Alexi Lubin, was also nominated for his work. Today, the directors guild is holding a small ceremony to honor their winners. The ceremony, which takes place at the luncheon Saturday, included a performance by LeBron James (Best Man, Iron Man 2). Director Jim Henson made it to the nomination list, as did Tom Hanks (The Blind Side), and Spike Lee (BlacKkKlansman, And Here Comes Marilyn), among others. Top nominee Geoffrey Rush made the cut after winning best actor for "Star Trek Beyond." Emily Blunt, who directed The Social Network, also made a pitch for the director's award. Breanna DiCarlo, who directed "Assassins," was nominated for best actress for "The Underground," while Thomas Jane, who directed "Broken Bow," was nominated for best adapted screenplay for a drama. Claire Danes, Diane Lane and Robin Wright were also nominated.
Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex. The rush of cold air it's  sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus. The gifts it brings, however, are chilling and generally unwelcome. Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures.|||The flurry of polar vortex arrives less than two weeks early Friday. On Sunday, a frigid blast, with temperatures at or near record lows, threatens to uproot trees and -- some experts say -- trigger avalanches. Its length, cold and clear mood, since Tuesday's arrival, may be surprising to few. For months, the polar vortex has been a dynamic force, bringing a deadly cold blast of air into the Northeast, punctuated by severe weather ranging from above-freezing mountain snow to occasional fights between polar bears. The Peebles-Chippewa mix was created from three polar vortex remnants known as auroras: tornadoes and polar winds. The Peebles-Chippewa mix with, in the words of NOAA Weather forecaster Eric Phillips, is the "most bizarre type of weather object ever seen." Dozens of small parts of the Northeast and Midwest are bracing for their first recorded frozen temperatures in four years. An estimated one million people across the country are stuck in frigid temperatures, paralyzed by ice. At least 50,000 vehicles have been ordered off the roads or disabled because of the fog and mist, and 17,000 remain stalled in their vehicles. Plunging temperatures are expected to persist into next week as the region plummets -- as low as minus-6 degrees Fahrenheit (-15 degrees Celsius), over parts of Nebraska, New York and Massachusetts -- until Saturday, when the cold snaps will be lifted. A polar vortex of 50 feet (15 meters) is designed to change weather patterns over time. When it moves into an area, the Peebles-Chippewa will try to make a difference. The Peebles-Chippewa-Pole is being sent not by a banner airmass or a crescent moon, but rather a striking cloud pattern. The Minnesota polar vortex hugs the middle of the continent, mostly over the South. In the Midwest, the Midwest North and the Great Plains -- but with notable exceptions -- it features more oblique features. Naveen Biswas, chief meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Chicago, said the 80-mph gusts that can produce the wind are "unusual." Even if the wave is unusual, it's undeniable that the vortex is disrupting regular jet stream patterns. NorCal Gov. Brian Sandoval, a Democrat, has warned that the polar vortex will blast up and down the country in waves if it remains with trackless temperatures through the weekend. The Peebles-Chippewa remnants are likely to send temperatures plummeting to bone-chilling lows this week, according to Phillips. The a pulse will remain sharp, and Wednesday's storm will bring subfreezing temperatures and more wind. Hurricane Sandy and flooding could also herald a return to normal conditions. Frostbite has already struck Chicago, with dozens of people already hospitalized. U.S. Incidents of frostbite and hypothermia have increased in many areas. The warning of ice to freeze and the likelihood of health problems is based on a blend of surface conditions and weather patterns related to wind chill. As Phillips said, in other words, the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Agriculture aren't able to make predictions. But there are the potential for disasters and fires, the same of which could unfold over the next few days -- and preventer, the Nov. 28 National Weather Service says -- such as wildfires, flash floods, high winds and tornado danger. Watch for details on air quality issues, the DWD forecast, the forecasted weather at 12:30 p.m. (1830 GMT).
(The Hollywood Reporter)Good news arrived Thursday for "Fifty Shades of Grey" fans.|||A penis-is-beautiful, red short leotard, shoulder tight, cap back. BlacKkKlansman actress Dakota Johnson announced that she and Christian Grey will explore family ownership in "Degrassi: First Nation" as the couple's grown sons and step-daughters -- and little Christian remains a free agent. The news comes after Shades of Grey's Tom Hanks recently revealed he has left the script after completing filming on a new episode of "Fifty Shades Darker." Maya Rudolph, who stars as Steele's younger sister with Bennett but has long been a fan of the series, released a statement on Friday that reads, "It feels like the best day ever." The D.C. mayor's office declined to comment on the development.
(CNN) -- First, there was "Flying While Muslim." This expression summed up the extra challenges of being an American Muslim when flying on commercial airlines.|||TheMental structure also fostered the discriminatory atmosphere that an operation by the U.S. Muslim Council's Office for Civil Rights has enabled, has spawned debates about travel patterns and does not deter travelers from doing so. For instance, Muslim-Americans posted the following on Facebook in response to what they considered a recent horror film that crossed their minds: "It's always good to experience a movie, but let's not do it on the way home. Don't make religious assumptions about our movie and skip the experience." At the outset, with YouTube reviews so approving, the page quickly took off and was eventually viewed more than 12 million times within hours. It also was followed by 1,700 comments, ranging from praise and confessions to remarks such as, "That film stars a beautiful person." It got so popular, in fact, that in "The Sisters Brothers," Alan Alda, Faith Margo, Terry Gilliam and Kevin Spacey memorably quoted the premise: "Until the national anthem plays, you should always use the binoculars and look down at your destination." And so, the year became a history of behavior that seemed to have little to do with the content of the movie. Despite its easily laughed-off depiction of Muslims as the aggressors of the plot, the movie garnered worldwide attention. It helped to ratchet up security on board each of the country's commercial airlines, and helped to begin an air war against Islamophobia. In a single film, "Wants Dead or Alive," "The View" and "The Breadwinner" -- the hit movie from the cult comedy "The Hunger Games" -- it's a cult classic that we all will remember for decades to come, and more importantly -- a resonance that could, just like the "Hello Kitty" movie, form into a lasting impression, a generation that remembers the flight. "This movie made me, the world -- it changed my perspective on flying; everything I've learned about the landscape of airplanes and the environments of our modern air travelers," filmmaker Julian Sims said. "For me and most of my friends, it was the First Airball of the War on Terror. I put quite a few couples that had been hoping to get to even one. So it's very welcome on both sides." But once again the film shows that when Muslims do share their planes with tourists, they still possess the same baggage and paying fees. First, the enemy was the airline; no one gave precedence to whether or not they had their basic medical facility aboard. And second, the airline's code-sharing program required air passengers to "wear a covered handbag as evidence of personal identification." Some people already travel and are subjected to strict religious regulations, forcing people to cut out their Muslim clothes from their body. "We all have new definitions of privacy," Savio wrote in "The Stranger." But she added, "We already know about the individual out of human instinct and that makes us want to protect them. ... We will not tolerate discrimination on all grounds." "Walls of separation are made for everyone." The book claims that strict religious criteria are harmful to Christians, making them less tolerant of the flying environment. Still, there is a good chance that this film won't be banned, and some might feel it was chosen to draw attention to Islamophobia. CNN's Philip Matlow contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Chilean officials declared a "catastrophe" in eight municipalities Wednesday after heavy snow blanketed communities and blocked roads in what the nation's interior minister called a "white earthquake."|||But first, he offered no specifics. Finally, he described the location of the epicenter on a mountain. But there were no fatalities or major injuries, he said. "I consider this a tragic moment for the group because we want to focus attention on the lives of those who were affected by this," he said. Earthquake centered about 98 kilometers (62 miles) northeast of Santiago and had an epicenter radius of 25 kilometers (18 miles), Santiago's president said in a telephone interview with CNN affiliate Radio Raquete. The quake was felt more than 10 kilometers (8 miles) south-southwest of Santiago, causing property damage to cars and sending snow and mudslides down roads. In some areas, the airport terminal was completely shut down. The Chilean Ministry of Interior later called the earthquake "extremely serious" and said "acts of sabotage" were being carried out and police were using equipment. Information was still being collected from villages and towns where residents weren't in their homes. "State of emergency in several municipalities around the area," Interior Ministry spokesman Mario Enriquez said. The quake lasted about 3 seconds, the minister said. About 60 people were injured and 21 were hospitalized. There were no fatalities and seven were slightly injured. The earthquake was felt farther west than originally believed and damaged agriculture and tourism. He said that about 19 kilometers away from the epicenter, in the department of Minitas, there was a strong shaking that remained for two hours "as thick as dark."
(CNN) -- Rifts within the Anglican Communion could widen after the archbishop of Canterbury, who has condemned the consecration of openly gay bishops, urged a diminished role Friday for the Episcopal Church.|||A Anglican Archbishop Rowan Williams condemned a declaration Friday by the pope that gay bishops should not be allowed to be consecrated by any member of the Anglican Communion. "I think the time has come for the Anglican Communion to address these issues," Williams told reporters. "The time is long overdue," he added. The pope made the plea about the state of the Anglican church in a private meeting with a delegation from the Conference of Bishops, his party in the Anglican Communion. "It has always been the case that the church's moral balance is damaged by institutional and organizational confusion," said Williams. The pope highlighted a much larger anti-clerical trend in recent years and said he stood by conservative Christians who opposed gay bishops. "There are very, very good reasons why this is happening." Anglican bishops said they are not in favor of an approach called the "family, the family and the church," and said they encourage people to talk to their bishops about a role in religion. Archbishop Williams also urged "full participation of all Anglicans" in the Episcopal Church, according to a statement by his successor, The Very Rev. Rt. Rev. Tom Charles. You might be a member of one of the world's largest religious organizations but you don't have to get married to take part. It would be wrong of you to join. We would be greatly uncomfortable," he said. The move came after it was clear some Anglican hierarchy members felt the Episcopal Church was not going to support gay bishops, as some conservatives have said. Evangelical churches' backing for gay bishops in the Episcopal Church has been long criticized. The church is the only Episcopal church with an official LGBT policy. In 1986, Episcopal Church became the first Christian body to recognize a priest named Jonathan Brock as gay. The next year, ELCA Catholics followed suit. Many other gay Episcopal leaders, including former archbishop of London Rowan Williams, have come out publicly. A defiant Williams called the offer of the episcopal presidency "obviously an incredible gift" by the Episcopal Church to a gay congregational leader. "With no doubt I think the Church has worked over time to build its family values, my brother, sister and fellow brothers, to a whole lot of gratitude," he told reporters. "I am envious." But the archbishop's criticism raised concern in the Episcopal hierarchy about the future of the Episcopal Church, which calls itself a radical, ecumenical and polytheistic body. The body has been split over the years. One group is calling for more regular Church Week services in every member state while another says the Church of England should eliminate the observance of Easter. A year ago, the Episcopal Church voted for the opening of its annual Black History Month celebration. The move by church leaders sparked a national political uproar and social media fury.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The newly named lawyer for Michael Jackson's children makes her first court appearance Monday as a judge decides if he'll approve a contract between Jackson's estate and concert promoter AEG Live.|||There will be "serious legal consequences" for the concert promoter's $24 million agreement with Jackson's estate, if a judge does not approve it, says J. Arlen Mierczewski, the assistant to Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Singer. The court won't start proceedings until February 2, but Mierczewski, who represents Michael Jackson's children, will set a range of deadlines, including the time before trial. Mierczewski is the former head of Jackson's L.A.-based production company, which put on concerts in 2002, 2003 and 2004, according to court papers. The business was a success and brought it millions of dollars in advertising fees. The Disney-owned rights agency is developing a sequel, Fyre Festival Live: A Never Ending Story, but that will be taken up by theater partners. The deal comes amid an ongoing antitrust investigation into the AEG concert promotion contract. J. Arlen is a former dean of Yale Law School. His first assignment was to find "the best way" to cover what he called "media and publicity violations" related to live events on Jackson's vast property in Los Angeles. He's traveled in recent months to Los Angeles, Miami and New York, where he traveled with Jackson and his wife, Katherine. One of Jackson's five children, Randy Jackson, who is 55, was handcuffed on the floor of his Oxford, N.J., home late Tuesday night and put in a protective cage by an FBI agent. He said he'd show up to court that morning as a precaution. In an indication that the standoff will go on, officials said all four minors are in a medically induced coma at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, said Jennifer Foster, who was Jackson's personal representative. NBC6's Jackamilla Wade and Nick Tagliavia contributed to this report. J. Arlen Mierczewski, the police department's deputy chief of administrative control, was sworn into office last Friday. Tait Dunn's office assisted his father, Michael Jackson, in the wake of the slaying of Michael Jackson.
(CNN) -- North Korea's state news agency reported Friday that the country's Internet servers are subject to daily "intensive and persistent virus attacks" that the government blames on "hostile forces" including the United States.|||Kimin both the eastern and western parts of the country have been plagued with cyberattacks, according to U.S. officials. North Korea has used code names to identify the attackers in the social network sites of seven other nations. U.S. officials have said the attacks were most likely carried out in neighboring Taiwan and targeted servers of South Korea's state-run news agency. Reporters, including CNN's Tom Llamas, watched North Korea's network on Wednesday. They saw a traffic light that showed only one computer with a valid traffic ID, a news agency statement said. One of those machines was infected with a virus. CNN's Llamas said the outage came as three countries -- Georgia, Taiwan and Cuba -- were conducting joint countermeasures against cyberattacks in retaliation for the North Korean attacks. "They've attacked the infrastructure, the servers and the access control facilities of the U.S. Security Community, which in itself is the source of the majority of cyber attacks in North Korea," Llamas said. Later, he said, the hackers "turned at some point to cyber attacks on our own people and state body." U.S. officials, including Defense Secretary Robert Gates, were concerned about those cyber attacks. Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had expressed their opposition to the attacks and strongly condemned the moves. Gates has used North Korea's Internet to carry out counter-terrorism operations in the past.
(CNN) -- A Pennsylvania judge Friday struck down a law requiring voters in the state to show photo identification at the polls, saying the requirement imposed "unreasonable burden" on voters and represented "a legislative disconnect from reality."|||Prosecutors, Phil Beddington, the attorney representing a group that contends Pennsylvania voters don't need IDs, lost its bid for a hearing Thursday, which it hoped would narrow the last barriers to casting ballots -- the issue of inadequate photo identification -- in the upcoming general election. Pennsylvanians were hoping for a hearing May 9 about a photo identification requirement that hit stores and ballots for the Pennsylvania Republican gubernatorial primary on January 14, but the group never got its chance. It could have spent more than $250,000 at the polls. The court has been deciding its fate since the state first passed the law a year ago on what became known as the Make the Right to Vote Act. In doing so, lawmakers passed the law. In addition to requiring photo identification, the law required voters to show a letter from a "primary source" verifying their identity. But in June, the Republican gubernatorial candidate, Scott Wagner, cited that qualification in his campaign letter and moved on to aggressively target the District 8 seat of Sen. Andy McGuire. Waggoner, a Marietta Republican, complained that the photo ID requirement posed problems not only for voters who went to see him, but candidates in the state's November congressional primary. For example, "I am repeatedly told that I may be locked out of the state for not showing an ID," McGuire told CNN affiliate WPVI in a mailer to voters before the election. "I decided to file this suit to remind my fellow citizens that I'm the one who has been stripped of their constitutional right to vote. Pennsylvania has been in the battle of elections for more than half a century," McGuire said. Since the 17th century, Pennsylvania has been the source of long lines and lots of defeated candidates and longtime parties. But it's now turning into an issue of voter intimidation. Voters in newly opened eyes may have noticed a subtle but statistically significant increase in violence and racism. "They may have thought again," McGuire said. Now, rather than wait for the bad guys, the state is moving on. The inability to demonstrate an alternative identification isn't the only reason Pennsylvania voters have been affected by the law -- a failure to meet the minimum requirement of photo identification has also hurt the enthusiasm of Republicans. Pennsylvania Senate Majority Leader Alfonse Siegel, an Ohio Republican who had a chance to forge the state's new law, came up empty on the final legislative vote on his own. While Republicans had recently committed to using photo ID for future primary elections, efforts by Democrats in particular were making gains. Siegel moved to court in February, arguing that Democratic Secretary of State Kathleen Sebelius had failed to establish why such a law was needed, according to Siegel. In an article published June 23 in the state-owned News Service, Siegel outlined his plan. "Frankly, I don't know how you could vote using a piece of plastic that cost more than a full dollar. I don't have any photo ID," he said. What's more, "I don't know how you can pass laws you don't even have any evidence of." In Siegel's speech, he said photo identification should be around like a legal ID. The governor says he believes that photo identification proves the voter's identity. He also claims that "mailmail addresses do not lie," but the fact suggests otherwise. This comes directly from Romney campaigns' website. In his March 26 nationally broadcast address on the American Life Party's website, Romney tells fellow Republicans that based on economic circumstances, "Money matters." The president claims that money is not a reason he needs to make tough decisions. "It doesn't say that $250 a plate is." "This is the answer to what I have been seeking for 15 years," Romney says. But virtually everyone living in large, urban, suburban, rural areas of the state spent on polling places. Historically, it has worked in the primaries, not in the general election. Look at where the elections are going, you see candidates who have not been able to fill out their checks for more than five years.
(CNN) -- A newly found pharaoh's tomb in Egypt has historians scrambling to rewrite the chronicles of the ancient kings of the Nile.|||"Pharaoh His Majesty," two of four sons named Burmese Anubis and one who died in the 4th century, died in the Marduk pottery trade bridge, which dates back to 4300 BCE. The tomb was excavated after an army of papal lieutenants wore through it to a village near the site of the court of Herod the Great. It was filled with precious stones that set back an entire century. Other artifacts were hidden from public view, such as a handkerchief. "My goal is to participate as best I can in finding the secrets of the times," said the group of 12, said Kum-Yi Sekhem, secretary general of Egyptian Resistance in North America and North Africa. The group declared war on ruling Egyptians in 2010 after discovering the tomb, which was uncovered along with others. A plan to question the emperor and his court continued as Britain pressed its case, the Defense Department said.
(CNN) -- The European Union imposed a ban Friday on the import of Syrian oil, the latest diplomatic move against Bashar al-Assad's embattled regime.|||With that, as of Friday, the levy is not the first on Syrian crude -- Israel banned a similar measure in October -- but it's the first time European firms have followed suit. The ban is the first ever imposed by the European Union against Syrian oil and gas exports in force. U.S. President Barack Obama forced a stop to Syrian oil exports last week. Earlier this week, the Obama administration imposed an embargo on Russian planes carrying Syrian oil. On Thursday, an EU official said he hoped the restrictions would be lifted soon, which it is -- but it won't. "It's not an easy sell," said the official, who asked not to be named for fear of retribution. "It's been a very difficult week. We may not be allowed to keep the oil in there but we have enough," the official said. "It's not going to make our international relations any worse." But several industry activists urged the ban of Syrian oil. "If sanctions are to end this, the price of oil in general is going to increase and this should be immediately," said Hanna Kazantseva, an oil industry executive in England. Gazprom provides the rare oil on the Gulf of Aden for export to Turkey. "It's very hard to imagine a better starting point," Kazantseva said. "It's not like it's bigger than you or me. We have energy and it's cheap." Russia and Iran have repeatedly fired missiles at Syria. On Monday, one of the two largest groups fighting the Syrian government, rebel forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad, said the United States, the European Union and NATO would join the broader Russian-led coalition against Syria. In Afghanistan, the United States backs the U.N.-backed campaign to stop the military operation. The Syrian regime has lost more than 80% of its territory.
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers.|||Hardin may prove more interesting to a youthful audience, than its previous version. VBS.TV is VICE's version of the now defunct VH1.tv program "Saving America: A Homecoming." All who have a computer or other device with Internet access will be able to access this "multi-media, broadband video feed to your devices," Vice claims. VBS.TV has an estimated two million viewers around the world. Naturally, if you would prefer to have your cable/TV service that is picked up by a digital subscription service in the United States, you are more likely to have it on for free with subscription fees. Each VBS.TV show can be found on the CNN iReport app, available on most supported websites and via various mobile devices and tablets. No subscription is required. Viewing content is made available through our VBS.TV Store and on the website and mobile apps for your computer. The links below allow you to access the VBS.TV (and VH1 Online) channel from your computer, television or mobile device. You can request to reserve a space on your mobile device by searching the keyword "CNN3." If you enjoy watching the coverage of VICE, follow us on Twitter, and consider covering our International News Wire at CNN.com/VillageEye.
Quito, Ecuador (CNN) -- Voters in Ecuador might have a chance to weigh in on a high-profile case of sibling rivalry.|||The cousins of President Hugo Chavez could be on the ballot Thursday. Before a new generation takes control of Ecuador's presidency, voters will choose the 11th president in a July runoff. The move, though, is not related to the popularity of Chavez's political challengers. In fact, a high-profile political campaign of the last few years has directly provoked controversy between Chavez and his political opponent, Benjamín Valero, the former head of the powerful Football Association of Ecuador. The 1976 coup marked the start of Chavez's promising political career, but subsequent decades have seen more political turmoil and bloodshed. During the great earthquakes of 2001 and 2003, the royal family feared the loss of control of a territory the size of Belgium. A king's family once regarded Chavez as the country's greatest threat and his relations with Chavez were strained. The two had a verbal relationship that alienated Chavez from the rest of the country. According to Cuapa, his people sat in their cars in protest last week, closed their doors to anyone out of sight and blocked access to the presidential elections. The crickets echoed from across the nation. The soldiers were involved in the scuffle. Thousands of people were injured in the melee, while one man was arrested after being stabbed in the chest in the street. Vaca Muerta, the conservative candidate for governor of the province of Quito, was met with gunfire from protesters after he was stopped for going on a short campaign visit, Ecuador's National Security Ministry said. Police arrested 55 protesters, including 15 members of the Chavez family, who were arrested as part of the protests, the agency said in a statement. Last week, he appeared on state TV and made angry remarks about some supporters of Chavez. Obama called Chavez the "king of greed." "They are asking for anything -- and everything -- to contribute to the success of Ecuador's democracy," Obama said in his prime-time address at the White House. "And I don't know what they can do, but that is a serious question." The salaries and benefits of Chavez have never been paid, according to the Ecuadorian official by the World Bank. Chavez, however, has been particularly outspoken about the government's programs. He has called for a major overhaul of the social security system. In 2005, he spent $17 million on a lobbying campaign, according to the state news agency. He is also the chief executive of the federal e-residency unit, which oversees foreign aid for civil rights. He is expected to take office this year. In 2006, he said, that Venezuela owes him millions. He was interviewed by the State Department for a report on human rights violations and the violence at the presidential palace in 2006. Chavez now resides with his wife, Maria Zaldivar Chavez, along with their 16-year-old son Jacinto Lopez Gomez, of the same family. The father of their daughter, Honor and Janey Chavez Chavez, has been known to bomb senior government installations and shoot video shows of protesters, prompting protest in Quito. The siblings have had a rift between them for years. The conflict erupted on the anniversary of Chavez's assassination. In September, the younger Chavez reconciled with his father. In December, his brother was granted temporary residency after Chavez's campaign began. They went to court to oust Chavez. Julio, one of Chavez's accusers, also got a temporary residency, allowing him to return to Ecuador on two years' probation. He was released from prison. The family later invited Chavez and his wife, Liliana, to participate in the new inauguration event. Chavez is currently in Argentina, and the younger Chavez has been charged with crimes, according to Ecuador's information ministry.
(CNN) -- The global appeal of football can hardly be doubted. It is said the membership of ruling body FIFA exceeds that of the number of member countries in the United Nations.|||Congress set out the criteria, and the fact that the World Cup qualifies on the merits of those criteria. The calculation was done after FIFA membership is restricted to 169 countries. As a result, it set out the criteria by numbering, based on the number of countries the game is played in: title, territory, population, stadium, unique event, size of playing area, size of stadium, stadium style, age of the stadium (singles match), breadth of field, size of stadium etc., and presented the field to Congress. But the answer was the same as the one in 1948. And then for the last 10 years, the format of the World Cup has not changed. The U.S. says the plan also needs to be changed to give a home-grown tournament first place. The upcoming competition - for the second time since 2000 - will commence March 19, from the existing structure. The position was reached in November when Uruguay picked an 18-year-old Juan Fredi for the slot with the United States selected as the 48th country. The last time the roster was reduced from 29 to 25 countries in 2013 - that's when the poor turnout at a U.S. World Cup qualifying match in August was especially embarrassing. Europe's record ranking -- 14th in a row -- was the prize. Top global level player was Leonardo da Vinci. The World Cup was more popular than the time Turkey, Ghana, Ivory Coast and Uruguay, and the Beckhams created a unique soccer dynasty. But it has been a couple of years now that the sport has come under heavy scrutiny. If FIFA is to regain its stature in time, it needs to be let the trumpet toll its value.
(WIRED) -- It seems impossible for Apple to put a decent camera into anything but the iPhone, and despite many hopes, both cameras in the iPad 2 are about as rudimentary as you could get without having to load a roll of film in there.|||Apple did a great job of double-ups on his M4's 5 megapixel camera, but he's still not there yet. Sometime today he's going to add some optics that would allow the iPad 2 to shoot video. That's all. Apple calls this system the D1D mode and it seems to mimic an M2D DSLR camera that has already been shown off in a Nature magazine issue. The problem is that cameras like the M2D and C2D mirror the nature of images in nature and don't match the look of something new. Presumably Apple wanted the iPad 2 to go faster, as the M2D supports 3:2 aspect ratios and allows for a bit higher contrast in images. Anyway, the camera here seems like something the existing M2D models could do, and in general it is hard to say how it compares. With the slightly more expensive D3M, the two cameras in question will look pretty much alike, and if the M2D at least performs like the other camera, that will be a huge blessing in disguise. The lack of visible depth of field was a problem I was initially waiting for. After all, it's a camera that can actually take pictures. But the M2D can only take 12 megapixels. That's a massive amount of film, and people have said it says something about not being a great camera. Just turn around and see it if you're not sure. It might be hard to believe that a single-pixel camera will be able to take a picture of something so small, but nothing will be too far off from a clever gesture to emulate (even half-heartedly) a simple zoom mechanism. And yes, there are cameras in the M2D and M2D that support 3:2 aspect ratios too. Though their electronic button has a functioning camera, the display on either camera doesn't show any landscape shots. Both cameras' tight video focus and focus modes (with dynamic range of between 0.5 and 50 meters) are aimed pretty much only at capturing stuff that's in the way of picture. With what features are available here, the D2D will probably be used as a place to be able to store your DSLR or other regular camera, but also to make more low-quality images of your own. Do you think these features are great? I doubt it, and say goodbye to the Pro model. The current price of the iPad 2 goes up to $329.99 in early June. Buy the tablet on Amazon Prime or at Best Buy. This cost will increase by $250 with two years of free (Sell-Away) Wi-Fi or three years of free (Sell-Away) 3D Touch. Read more: Apple has plenty of options for iPad 2 users. David Ford and John Cooney of WIRED break down the awkward software habits of most tablets.
FACETIME: Ferit Sahenk, Chairman,   Dogus Holding.|||The film opened with regards to a few men in business suits standing still while playing a board game. Video editor Patrick Dougherty was sitting next to Ferit Sahenk, and shortly before concluding, Dougherty appeared and we are together, according to Dougherty. Here's a transcript of the video. © 2010 Tom Breyker / KQED. The year is 2007, and Tom Breyker and partner Simon Bay must be sent to Turkey in order to complete the registration. Japan is not officially included, but a letter on an imam's name asked for it.
(CNN) -- Six Chinese Communist Party investigators have been sentenced to between four and 14 years in jail after they drowned a local official during a botched interrogation that has shone light on China's secretive extrajudicial processes.|||The incident occurred earlier this month and police say that one victim still remains under water but that others are asleep. Video of the probe, which showed authorities trying to arrest a Communist Party official during a questionable investigation, showed that the government's investigators are tying any suspects' hands to avoid giving the men an opening. On a new cable from the Ministry of Public Security, China's National People's Congress, the official implicated the suspects in Thursday's incident in a statement released on China's state-run China News Service, an official in the local Shanghai Daily reported. The Chinese Communist Party's spokesman, Yang Jiechi, told a news conference at the news conference that the officials remain in handcuffs, while "they will be arrested." The official, who has not been identified for legal reasons, accused the prosecution team of attempted subversion, child abuse and promoting the killing of Wang Xinhua's wife, Ningxia Junjun. Yuan Zhongliang, the senior Communist Party official, "said the investigation team killed Wang Yunhua by suffocation using force, using deadly gases, burns and shaking," Yang said, adding that the attempts to discipline the investigators were "within their legal rights." Yang said all those taken to the hearing were required to explain the motive for interrogation, though he said six witnesses were present for questioning. He said the suspects were ordered to stay silent. The case broke a months-long stalemate in June 2013 and the issue has gained fresh scrutiny in recent weeks. People's Daily says that Zhang, who had been behind a series of robberies and murders of men, women, and children, was arrested and was raped several times and tortured until he was unable to speak. He went through four official visits since May. His wife survived the ordeal. The investigation team believed that Zhang was beaten up and brought to their station to confess. But later, a third witness, Shen Choming, said the investigation would be closed after the official pleaded guilty, according to People's Daily. Prime Minister Wen Jiabao ordered the prosecutors to drop the case. Wang Xinhua, said he was taking "no legal action" against the group. No other suspects have been identified. CNN's Charles Blow, Doug Wright and Carolyn Harris contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio said Tuesday he shrugged off reports of a $1 million bounty on his head by Mexican drug cartels, saying this is not the first -- nor the largest.|||Federalerns spied, and the bodies of more than 60 police officers and 17 men were found Friday afternoon at a motel near the Maricopa County Sheriff's Department, maricopa County Executive Joe Arpaio said. Some of the agents have been targeted for their training, and some already have convictions, Arpaio said. One of the officers was turned over to federal authorities, according to Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Earlier this week, authorities discovered the bodies of eight men captured in a raid by Maricopa County Sheriff's Office special agents Monday. Five men -- likely members of the Sinaloa Cartel -- were put on the run. Three men were released without charges. Authorities don't publicly explain how they know who the alleged shooters are. Arpaio, a Republican, has been a target of the cartels for several years. He began battling a large-scale drug syndicate known as the Sinaloa cartel. After President Barack Obama signed an executive order in June directing the administration to crack down on the cartel, the Mexican government and prosecutors began investigating the Sinaloa cartel. The Sinaloa cartel had said it shot at at least 20 men but those killings were stopped by federal authorities and a local SWAT team. There were 31 deaths in the assassination attempt on Arpaio, whose office stopped the execution. By Tuesday, the Sinaloa cartel had claimed responsibility for killing at least 22 U.S. and Mexican officials. The Sinaloa cartel, the leader of the Sinaloa cartel and a fugitive since 1987, said it took legal action to seize Arizona criminal suspects' passports. Arpaio on Tuesday said he would accept the death penalty if convicted of any crimes. "I'm not afraid of it. I've never had anybody say anything," he said in a telephone interview. The effort to have the death penalty lifted by the state of Arizona is aimed at Mexico. The Sinaloa cartel did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Sinaloa cartel said its head, Alfredo P. Pastore Jr., is now wanted on a warrant for a murder. He was indicted by a grand jury in early February on charges that included espionage and attempted murder. (It is unclear whether or not he will receive a death sentence, but he faces pending charges in both the U.S. District Court of Arizona as well as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit.) Sinaloa, the cartel's military arms dealer, "totally supports Arpaio's cause" in fighting the drug cartels, a spokesman told CNN. Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Oct. 3, 2012. "The people of Arizona are served with a warning on life from the Mexican Government -- send your children to the nearest school, you need to leave this country or know the consequences," Arpaio said in a video posted on his official Web site. "I'm no politician and I have no use for compromising any of my rights. I don't need people to say, 'Go!' I don't have to say that. They can do it themselves." He is accused of mistreating his deputies and ordering them to kill and then lying about it. Arpaio also said the local Mexican government was acting on behalf of the Sinaloa cartel. "We do use drug labs, and they do pro bono and budgeted money," he said. The site of the death penalty killings carries a name associated with the Sinaloa cartel, but does not mention its Mexican state sponsor. The company, the Sinaloa Cartel, is operated by the same people who operate the organization of these slayings. The other three cartel members were charged, but not in the same manner.
(CNN) -- Passengers on the US Airways flight that crash-landed into the Hudson River Thursday afternoon praised the actions and courage of the pilot, a safety consultant with 40 years of experience in the aviation industry.|||Passengers aboard the US Airways Flight 1449, which crashed at about 1:18 p.m. after a flash crash in the Hudson River took refuge in a nearly century-old naval dock in New Rochelle. Three people were critically injured and nine were hospitalized, some of them in serious condition. Their families still do not know the condition of all aboard the plane. Fire officials said the plane landed on the dock at the New York State Police station at about 1:50 p.m. before it plunged into the water, slashing the wings and disabling the plane. An unnamed federal official said the plane never made it outside the gate. CNN's Amanda Ford contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A person's risk of stroke is associated with the number of fast-food restaurants near their residence, according to a study presented Thursday at a stroke conference in San Diego, California.|||The researchers pooled information from more than 8,700 age groups from 52 metropolitan areas and they also looked at the country's U.S. population, from age 52 to 80, race, and food habits. They found an association in all ages of self-reported diet and body mass index (BMI) - also known as body mass index - to increase the risk of stroke, diabetes, coronary artery disease, alcohol use disorder, hypertension and death. One-fifth of the respondents said they also frequent fast food. The study was conducted by researchers at the University of Wisconsin. "Suburban women showed an association with higher BMI for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and higher BMIs," Dr. Pierre François told CNN. The group, which includes 300 undergraduates and doctoral students, was part of the Diabetes and Stroke Research Consortium for the United States and Canada. Along with diabetes, health-span issues have been linked to a rise in the number of fast-food restaurants and their proximity to obesity. Risks of stroke when these factors are considered are similar to the number of hours spent at work in obesity. In the study, 22 percent of the participants reported being obese. In these cases, high BMI and obesity were particularly common. Nearly half of the participants reported being obese. Among the obese respondents, one in five said having a meal at fast-food restaurants was a factor. In addition, six in 10 of those participants said that having food and alcohol together was beneficial in some way, such as cholesterol or diabetes. Nearly all of the participants also said that fast food made them nervous. "Being stressed out during one's lunch hour is not healthy because of nerves," Francis said.
|||SOURCEenergysprins Magazine
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) -- U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "my name back" after he was identified as "Senate Candidate 5" in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.|||OnNine days after he says he was illegally appointed as the Senate candidate for the state of Illinois on Blagojevich's behalf in 2004, Jackson said he was still looking for a replacement. "I feel like my name has been lost because of all the conspiracy that ensnares me in the indictment," Jackson told CNN Friday at a news conference in Chicago. He said the "national-security-related allegations and conspiracy to misappropriate campaign funds are cowardly and need to be shut down." "The American people have spoken." Jackson then read a letter he says was purportedly sent from Attorney General Robert Mueller. "I know who he's referring to and I am a good friend of the Clintons, and I have my appreciation for their work. But because of your [FBI] allegations, my name no longer exists on the list for the State of Illinois. Please call me," Jackson said. Jackson said the letter was dated April 26. During the press conference, Jackson said he still did not have a name in the indictment. "It hurts," Jackson said. But Jackson told CNN's "State of the Union" program Friday he did not believe that names on the indictment of Blagojevich were in the proper places. Jackson said he was "most than ever prepared" to answer questions from his supporters during Friday's press conference. "We will not back down," Jackson said. He said in a text message that he intended to elaborate "and I will make these things official as soon as possible." While fighting back tears, Jackson said he "dont have excuses" for his actions. "What I can tell you now is that without the paperwork, I've been taken off the list." Jackson, who was the House majority leader from 1986 to 1990, lost power in the Democratic primaries. He was unable to be nominated to fill the vacant House seat when incumbent Jesse Jackson Sr. resigned in December 2003. His loss derailed Jackson's presidential bid, too. Jackson recently stepped down from the House Committee on Education and the Workforce as the House's top civil rights prosecutor. Jackson, who chaired the committee from 1990 to 1994, said a criminal investigation was ordered. The investigatory committee report was subpoenaed last week, and it is expected to come back Wednesday. He said he was in Washington on Friday to meet with FBI agents. The newly disclosed charges were the first leveled in connection with Blagojevich's alleged role in the failed bid for the Illinois Senate seat. He accused Blagojevich of attempting to obtain payments to secure federal loans to purchase real estate and properties in exchange for the senator's political favors. Blagojevich, who is running for a third term in 2012, denied the accusations. "In the future, everything will be fully explained to me," he said. "I will do everything in my power to prove this false claim false and defamatory." And the people of Illinois are demanding answers." The federal indictment has been filed against Blagojevich. The investigation team is due back in Washington on Monday. Blagojevich, spokesman John Tickell, declined to comment on the allegations.
Washington (CNN) -- With the posting of 400,000 classified documents from the Iraq war, WikiLeaks has shown a much heavier hand redacting compared to its previous publication of documents.|||It's unauthorized press release Wednesday comes in the wake of a bomb blast that ripped through a West Virginia home, blowing up a family's SUV as well as explosions that killed dozens of people. In addition, WikiLeaks is now re-selecting confidential documents from the Iraq war, which it describes as "one of the most damaging pieces of the Iraq war." The admission of the opposition groups and the country's security apparatus comes to a time when the right-wing WikiLeaks website is constantly coming under scrutiny because of its use of child sex tapes to publish unredacted documents. But for now, there are no plans to withdraw documents pertaining to the Iraqi conflict from WikiLeaks, Paul S. Ehrlich, senior research associate at the Center for the National Interest at Harvard University said. "We don't believe that there will be a change in the tactics we adopted in 2009 to try to gather and prevent material like this from being reclassified," he said. The organization has a history of dumping documents, published on its Web site and by news outlets. "On all of our previous release of documents, we are careful to verify if they are classified, and we do not do so with additional ones," Ehrlich said. From 2010 to 2011, WikiLeaks published more than 100,000 documents on Iraq, both classified and unclassified. The leaked documents target many leaders in Congress, including Sen. John McCain, Republican of Arizona, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a Democrat. A WikiLeaks spokesman said the charity is trying to cut down on government waste and aid, not raise money. But in arguing to contain the criticism, Ehrlich said the organization continues to make the same mistakes made in 2010, which saw illegal publishing of material. Congress has asked the committee probing the Wall Street Journal to raise the disclosure threshold for the leaked documents, making clear that's not new. The committee did so on Monday, just one day after the group posted three batches of details about Iraq war in intelligence reports, another about the protests after last year's attack on Abu Ghraib prison, and another about alleged document leaks. Ehrlich told CNN by phone that the newspapers were taking insufficient action to access the classified files and were digging for new ones. "It is the same old story." About the biggest chunk of WikiLeaks' documents -- 10,000 so far -- refers to the thousands of Iraqi documents containing classified information. "The majority of these have been hidden," Ehrlich said. "We're looking at the large amount of information that has been withheld, so we're looking for where are those things" that don't have a national security redaction label on them. The department is also watching the spread of the media and self-reporting that leaks to the public and to newspapers, he said. CNN's CNN affiliate KABC-TV in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Many celebrities have taken part in the CNN Heroes campaign and attended the annual "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" shows. Here, we reach out to some of them and learn about the ways they've chosen to get involved and give back.|||" spending less than five minutes on set is a blessing, and a way to tap into the charisma of a great many stars -- and the commitment to giving back to the community of CNN Heroes -- that they took so seriously when they signed up. So what about their character contributions beyond the gridiron? Their stories are what we want to share with you."I wanted a way to give back and to make sure that the media does pay attention," Osigodolby said. "Who doesn't want to see celebrities back on the stage working for CNN, asking for donations? Even when they're not. Who else can do the same. So I thought it was really important to get that credit out there. "When people don't understand us, you can make sure that they can always come to us with a question," she added. "When you change somebody's life forever, it's a huge thing. Let's just make sure we do it around the world, too." Last week, Oprah and Ellen DeGeneres performed at CNN Heroes in support of the organization's Newsmakers of Change program. Oprah and Ellen also spoke out in support of immigrants. "So many citizens in the United States and around the world have the right to live their lives in a safe and healthy way, and you know, that's amazing and it's important," Oprah said. "So we're thankful that every single American has a voice." Opinion: Obama is outmaneuvering Obama's campaign for a better world. 'The White House must turn toward the people. It has to always start with the people,' DeGeneres added. CNN's Viv Montgomery contributed to this report.
Teachers and Parents: Watch with your students or record "Black in America 2" when it airs on CNN on Wednesday, July 22 at 9 p.m. ET and Thursday, July 23 at 8 p.m. ET. By recording the documentaries, you agree that you will use the documentaries for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only. No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted, including, without limitation, any rights to sell, publish, distribute, post online or distribute in any other medium or forum, or use for any commercial or promotional purpose.|||Teachers (ETA: Thursday, July 22) listen to CNN rolling out the "Black in America 2" theme from creator Tariq Nasheed. CNN's second episode of the film, "Why Are We Black?," is set to air Thursday night, July 22, at 9 p.m. ET. Parents and grandparents will be able to access the documentary through CNN Anytime Wednesday at 8 p.m. ET. CNN.com will be streaming CNN Shows and the first two episodes will have a dedicated region-appropriate section. The episodes will be edited and condensed for national viewing. See the promotional trailer for CNN Anytime Wednesday (pictured above) and continue watching for your chance to take part in the CNN All Access Call on Black History Month. One of the teaching themes of the CNN Black History Month activities in 2018: Remember When! On Wednesday, July 23 at 8 p.m. ET, CNN will air a film that will spotlight the "turn-around" of racial justice in the United States. CNN will be streaming the documentary. Each part of the CNN programming will be accompanied by a 90-second audio clip. See the new CNN Black History Month trailers for other TV shows and movies. The documentary also includes narration by Chris Edwards, award-winning journalist. © 2014 CNN. All rights reserved. CNN does not own, use or modify the material on this website. This is for educational purposes only. See the Creative Commons License, which reads: "CNN Tunes is Not a Station" -- always remember that the material you listen to and read is copyrighted by CNN. The rights granted by CNN on this site have no bearing on its use in any other material or forum. CNN does not, under any circumstances, own the use or expression of the permission given for use and the content and materials contained on this site for any reason. CNN's use of the rights to the educational content may constitute a use or misuse of any title in the public domain. CNN and YouTube are solely responsible for the content and licensing of this website. We cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, completeness, or validity of information contained in the content of this page, or in any electronic, mechanical, or other manner whatsoever. COPYRIGHT 2015 CNN. NONONSONSONSONSONSONSONSONONSONONSONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONOONONONONONONOONONONONONONOONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONOOONONOONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONOONONONOONONONONONONONONOONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONOONONONONONONONOONONOONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONOONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONON
(RealSimple.com) -- 12 Fresh Cloth Napkins.|||The room. E-mail Man. I wish I could find my favorite, small film-striped tiles, you know, the linens, canvas, tiles, tiles and finally the pottery? They're available, and don't have to be of your favorite color. Still, I love them. Used. Read more.  LinkedIn Affiliate Links The Game That Is Napkins. <3 NPS Network: About Growing the Game. Nepotism, Nasty Repairs and Depression. In short, napkins are simply a piece of waste, not a way to be used. As such, napkins are an easy and elegant way to clean up waste. The easy way to use napkins is to cut up all the little scraps of waste, keeping the life of the towel and napkin year around. Another simple way to make compostable plastic napkins is to put cardboard strips in an empty bin and force-wash them. Just add the paper scraps to the clothes, and then you have enough napkins. The whole thing is super easy to compost. Using our "One Green Napkins" recipe is essentially new for you. Basically, we used 12 fresh-grown greens, top-notch tomatoes, and a few home-decorating herbs. It really works. And, since there are no allergens, we do use the last ingredient -- the tea tree essential oil. Thus, recycling your laundry and cooking oil, and starting with the kitchen and cooking with it, is incredibly eco-friendly. Please note, using cardboard closures causes tear up. Basically, there is nothing organic about it. Clean eating is a lifestyle choice. We know what to do with our trash and it's certainly not one we want to kill ourselves. So the truth is, it is easier to use a lot of compostable materials when they are your pets, but still, they keep the pocketbook as clean as possible. Good luck! And thanks for reading. For your support, stay healthy and happy, and I look forward to hearing from you again soon.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Brad Pitt gets top billing in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds," but Austrian actor Christoph Waltz may have turned in the most memorable performance as a Nazi "Jew Hunter."|||Rom applauds 'Inglourious Basterds' and more than three years from the shooting of the movie that made him the globe's most bankable star and movie star, only two in Hollywood have more awards. Christian Waltz: 8 figures and more than 40 stunts. Despite Karl Keitel and Tom Cruise, The Patriot "fans" their currency. The resulting flood of sob stories at the evening news channel made all of us realize that Waltz's performance in "Inglourious Basterds" was inarguably the best of his career, as it was on nearly every big screen in almost every major country, all over the world and around the world. Although it's widely considered that his performance wasn't magnificent, Waltz really showcased a great range of dynamic physicality, embodying every character simultaneously, without struggling or acting contrived or out of control. "Erickson': Has Waltz won all the awards? Will he be nominated next year?
(CNN) -- Hurricane Gordon churned across the eastern Azores early Monday after making landfall on the northern Atlantic islands, forecasters said.|||Gordon quickly weakened to Category 2 status when it made landfall Monday afternoon about 2,000 miles east-southeast of Lisbon, Portugal. As it approached, strong winds ripped through the Azores islands and into southwestern Portugal, bringing about strong flood warnings as seas battered the region, officials said. Flooding contributed to landslides on the French side of the island in August, and last month, 8-member skiffers in southern Portugal hit a mudslide after attempting to cross dangerous surf conditions.Gordon made landfall at 8 a.m. local time. Thousands of tourists got rescued. Its impact was felt across the Mediterranean Sea, where advisories were posted for some of the world's largest fishing ports and port areas. The conditions early Monday improved to threatening, but Gordon would leave land about 115 miles east of Portugal, the hurricane center said. The Azores received minimal damage, according to early forecasts.
(Mashable) -- Dropbox has launched a major redesign, simplifying many file management tasks and bringing a new video and photo viewer.|||Thanks for additional tips, including tips for using word processors. For instance, how to describe your system. Using the following examples will help. Google Drive didn't immediately respond to a request for a comment. Timeline to sharing PDFs below in big print, or to type text. The note is the screenshot of a page for Dropbox Live, a public desktop service from the Company. Below that, here are the major changes to include. If you're going to get rid of the built-in calendar to clear out some of your backlog, it's now possible to choose the easy-to-read calendar. This new system places a lot of work into managing a minimum of 450 emails per day, sending out texts while providing access to the cloud, and generally promoting the service. It's great news for creatives, though. Dropbox has been improving its mobile app for several months now. It updated its interface in early February, bringing new icons, better layout, and icons to the camera. Now, it's adding screen-based filters, while adding visual links, filters to conversations and mouse gestures. More information is available at www.dropbox.com/more/premium. This interface makes it easier to add handwritten notes of favorites and tasks to the clipboard, open attachments on a document, and find locations in Photos and Videos. The tool also helps to organize the photos and videos. Photos and videos are instantly published to the storage folder. Video, too, is synced to the cloud. This will make sending a video or photograph in a hurry even easier. Better last night. I did. I put the most recent video to my iPhone's home screen in 9 seconds and 2 minutes of video with eight captions and seven photos from Dropbox Live. I really enjoyed using the video view and took in everything I had missed, like where to go if I wasn't on the move. I have plenty of good movies from Dropbox now, which are great for people who don't mind making the transition to mobile. My favorite pictures from the original Dropbox library are here to stay. But I wouldn't use the fixed snaps. I could always crop them or freeze and release photos later if I thought they made my day better. My favorite photos from the original Dropbox -- I think it was taken at the IMB conference. I have one from the year 2000 -- and another since the last original Dropbox event. This time, I feel like I'm in love with my original pictures! Any and all images were saved in a straight copy format.
(CNN) -- A woman in outrageous flared trousers kisses the cheek of a young girl. A snake slithers around another woman wearing a two-piece bathing suit. And elsewhere, a camel crosses ponderously in front of a gleaming Rolls Royce.|||Media. On the pitch, dancers are caught in the act of rapid dance, while other attendees dance their way with their backs pressed against the horse stalls. Visitors will see stars like Lawrence of Arabia walking on two treads in an alien yellow world. Upright leather jumpers are made of recycled Coca Cola canes, and women take to the waters in a small bathing suit. Another beachside restaurant, a 6-piece restaurant that was built to be a modern swimming pool, is filled to capacity -- and sold for more than $1,500 a head with highly complimentary local food. And somewhere, far from in front of the world's most expensive seafood is a special dining dining menu that aims to satisfy all cultures and fits every dietary requirement. The food is mouthwateringly hot. Layouts are so unusual, without previous chefs to help with the preparation, that the preparation must be done by "clan saboteurs" who call themselves "frik," a French word meaning "food dealers" that stands for delivery of sumptuous food. The restaurant is a hit among locals, who revel in the multi-tasking kitchen, where the sushi and the potato salad is so good, with no need to saunter up the mall stairs to the main photo shoot. Men in skimpy white dresses feel in their place. They fish and eat and chat over steaks and pepperoni. Girls get in between the middle and end of their shorts. Babes play and occupy each other. Bulls and women bang at the fence outside the restaurant, keeping each other company. Do you wonder why it exists? Some attendees look as if they have never been in the foreign scene before. Amid the fuss, a group of women pull loose fabric and replace it with a thin fabric. It is especially flattering when a woman pulls away the fabric of her swimsuit. There is a polka-dotted pool with no daybed, or a beach, or a swimming pool, with a turquoise berm surrounded by nude women. This area is among the most decorated spots in the world, with everything from massage shops, hipster restaurants and yacht bars to a casino. Inside the casino, moored boats and burly men stand guard for their ladies. Bravo pool balls are a favorite pastime of modern gays in Paris. Yes, European tourists are hot. Don't worry. Diamonds in your backyard are rarely found in Paris. Tonight we're treating you to a presentation that is very real and surprising. Watch the opening slideshow on CNN iReport's movie photography show » Beyond our borders. It's glitzy, edgy, cutting edge, opulent and avant-garde -- and shot primarily in black, gold, brown and blue -- the photoshoot should play well in its 60 hours in Hawaii. And it is not at all a joke, as you would expect, given the lavish ganja dinners that have been shown.
(CNN)Should police officers wear cameras to document their activities while on duty?|||Download for Rolling Mills, the trial wrapped up in an out of court ruling Thursday. The Oklahoma Department of Public Safety now faces a gun claim that shows a single camera, the click-click beeps feature on a squad car's video camera. A recent news story by CNN partner NewsOne uncovered the shocking discovery, and the date of the accident was set for May 9. A 43-year veteran of Oklahoma City's police force, Michael Richelieu was identified as the center of the office's "toned screen" killing. "There's no doubt that it's a significant threat against the community, and by no means is it 'f--- the police,'" said Richelieu. But the attempt to frame a "black terrorist" makes video of officers legally legal to do what they do and hasn't garnered widespread support in law enforcement. "The other, equally significant issue, and this is where the opinion of our public is divided, is that our uniform law enforcement officers should have to worry about shooting someone's own backup and going about their business," Richelieu said. "It's kind of shocking to see that they can make that decision without consent of the public." The Department of Justice had released a video from Trooper Michael Deveney documenting some of the effort to interview a woman about the ambush of Oakland's Medanta police officers. The video shows captured individuals lying on the ground with "numerous texts and text messages" visible from the officers' view. The body cam video was captured inside the car on the rear windshield.
(CNN)Thump.|||The streets in Michigan. Skyscrapers in the distance. The crane from U.S. Park Service is snapping away at the exterior of a building on Wren Road in Madison, Michigan. "Breaking news out of here," one resident screamed. His father buried his hatchet against the building. "You know you live in the United States!" Someone screamed back.
(CNN) -- A Disney Cruise Line employee has been reported missing during a seven-day cruise off the Mexico's Pacific coast, the company said Thursday.|||Johnson is now missing. J.C. Johnson, 33, was a captain and administrator on board the Harmony of the Seas, which will be released from "standby" at the Monterrey, Mexico, customs office Friday. The incident happened Tuesday, according to a statement on the cruise line's website. When the captain had to disembark the Harmony's passenger pool, Johnson was found wearing his uniform, the statement said. CNN affiliate KCTV reported that Jackson had requested an abundance of caution after a collision with a bus on the MS Thunderbird.
(CNN) -- For one weekend in September more than 155 million people in six neighboring countries in one continent pull out all the stops to honor the birth of their nations.|||Unionall diplomatic missions in the world celebrate their national independence. For a day, they gather together in Beijing and erect a massive Tibetan Buddhist altar and pray in the capital's Old City square. Awards ceremonies are scheduled to be given across the West African country of Gabon, the birthplace of human rights -- and an unforgettable experience. Organizers say the festival is the most successful in the history of the millennium celebrations in which both young people and senior leaders stake claims to being the "shepherd" of the world. "As we sit here at the finish line, our job is done, and we will not let one day go to waste," said Chinese state television. The International Date Line, which measures the success of celebrations, presents 20,000 sculptures and millions of year-round performances around the world, including in the United States. Indian President Jayapal won't say if he will send dancers to the festival, which is hosted in a 100-meter high column in Beijing's National Theater Plaza.
(CNN) -- Atletico Madrid moved back ahead of city rivals Real Madrid in La Liga on Sunday with a 4-2 away win at Rayo Vallecano.|||The win was bookended by the late second-half goals from penalties given to Davinson Sanchez and Pedro Rodriguez, who were brought on to make the headlines by a hint of a penalty. Ramos fired in either of the second half penalties to finish with a hat-trick and Villarreal took advantage of Andres Iniesta's second red card in the 85th minute, with Mandzukic, winner of the game two minutes after halftime, grabbing a decisive sixth penalty as the hosts pushed into the lead. Mendes, the second-half substitute for Ivan Rakitic, made it 2-0 when he fired in the 84th minute with the ball bouncing over Asier Illarramendi and went to net the second after adding a third. Mexican striker Alvaro Arbeloa added a goal two minutes later, before Iniesta completed the scoring. Eleven-time winners Real Madrid held on to win 3-1 at Eibar earlier in the day. First-placed Barca is also on a three-match winning streak as it knocked out second-place Athletic Bilbao 2-0 at Valencia. Real was also top of the table in the standings a week ago, but they went 3-0 down at Levante away in their visit. After three games at home they slipped to sixth on 39 points, five behind leaders Real. Second-placed Valencia beat Real Betis 3-1 on Saturday, and Zaragoza beat Real Zaragoza 2-1 at home. Second-placed Levante drew 1-1 at Villarreal on Saturday. Eightth-placed Celta Vigo won 2-0 at Real Sociedad. Antoine Griezmann, Diego Simeone and Aritz Aduriz scored in the 58th minute as Valladolid held on for a late point. Panetkaas scored the fourth to give Levante hope, giving the home side a 10th-minute lead. Second-placed Celta take on Espanyol at home later, while Mallorca lost 3-1 at arch-rivals Malaga on Saturday. Third-place Atletico drew 1-1 with Villarreal. The other 14th-placed Barca were also held by Villarreal, while Espanyol traveled to Getafe, a 25th-minute winner in a draw. Defender Luis Garcia was booked and will undergo an investigation.
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- The Mexican military has detained a suspected leader of a notorious drug-trafficking family in connection with the July slayings of two U.S. citizens.|||Theileera.com Web site reported on Wednesday that fighters abducted the friends the day before Monday during a street confrontation in the northern Mexican state of Guerrero. Autopsies began on four people in Guerrero Tuesday, including one caught carrying machine guns, officials said. Federal authorities revealed Thursday that another seven suspected members of the Killer Families cartel, who go by the alias "Los Lobos," were arrested Monday. The nine are brothers, also named as Gregory in one of the September 12 killings. The other brother, identified as Hugo in another death, was captured late Monday. In the case of Gregory, the family received $100 million in international aid from the International Committee of the Red Cross, which links it to the United States, Belgium, Chile and Canada.
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said Monday that the situation over the massive Ebola outbreak in her country "remains grave."|||No consequence, his top aide told reporters in Guinean capital Monrovia Monday. Health Minister Henry Meehan said authorities have interviewed 45 Ebola patients, as a number of them have traveled outside Liberia. Three of the five patients have had Ebola in their lungs for more than two weeks, Meehan said. The United States is investing in the fight against Ebola, he said. Ebola has killed more than 1,000 people and infected more than 50,000 in Liberia and Sierra Leone. Five people in Liberia's capital have died, Liberia President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said. "You can't simply put blankets on Ebola, you've got to deliver people to the hospitals," Sirleaf said at a news conference. In her last major policy address, Sirleaf addressed the United Nations Command (UNCOG). She said Ebola disease has spread by 34 percent in the country, estimated to have killed around 4,700 people and that nearly 7 million people have contracted the disease in the West African nation. "We've got an African risk that we can't control," she said. She said it could take a few days for people to get help and that no borders have been opened.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers, or buskers. Some are talented, some are not, and most aren't performing for a cause greater than themselves. But on Monday, 12-year-old Abby Miller was.|||TheTwo 6-year-old Chicago girls found themselves front-and-center on the street waiting for a bus. Abby Miller, who attended school with her mother, younger sister and elementary school friends, was probably scheduled to be another long-promised performing artist in 2013, but due to the excruciatingly cruel conditions of Chicago Children's Hospital, she had to sit down. Though other classes -- some performing arts, such as "Blades on Broadway" and "American Grit" -- have found ways to sidle between a facility closed to the public, Abby Miller "just kind of lingered," her mother told CNN affiliate WLS-TV. The 13-year-old had several shots, but the shot just barely went through her nose. She fainted. "I got the s---- kicked out of me," Miller told WLS. Another person who witnessed it, however, said that Miller wasn't crying. "We don't cry no more," she told the affiliate. In a statement to WLS-TV, the city said, "Abby is amazing, and we'd like to thank her for her magnificent selflessness." "Abby was an inspiration who has stood tall for the people in need." "She was so well-spoken, was so charming and was one of the kindest spirits," his mother said. "She didn't struggle or feel ashamed or ashamed of her situation." The Detroit girl, whose first African-American president was assassinated in 2009, said she talked with CNN to make sure everyone knew she was safe. "All those people in schools in Detroit are doing fantastic for the people." "Abby is just an example of someone who isn't just a human being, but a star and who has always had talent," Miller said. "I don't know if there's another person who I think is as special." The singer is one of many performers who use the festival to get attention, particularly for their work. Along with children in physical handicap accessible spaces, politicians like George W. Bush and President Barack Obama often visit each performance venue, holding their own concerts or even hosting their own performances. Participating in 'the event' such as the one at Great Moments of Hope brought by the National Transportation Safety Board on December 28 and December 9 last year drew 400,000 attendees. CNN's Netha Dimopoulos reported from Washington. Watch a dramatic video of Abby performing at the Detroit Festival of the Arts below. CNN's Paul Scheer contributed to this report.
